Good cocktails, OK beer selection. The atmosphere is the reason to come here. The drinks are pricey and service isn't very fast, but sitting out on the patio with the waterfall is a good time for sure. I would make sure to go back next time in town if only for a drink or two.
Filthy floor, marginal service, good shake.  Waitress gave no napkins, offered no refill on coffee and had to be tracked down for bill.  Cashier didn't care we said it was not a good experience.  Most of all - filthy.
Rode over on our Harley with some friends. We enjoyed a great tasting lunch and a couple brews. Seems be out in the middle of no where... but we like these kind of places. Bet the place is jumping on the weekends, have to make it back some Saturday evening.
Great Location,   Great Food,  Great Service    One of our favorites
Good place to grab a quick lunch, weather you're looking for a slice of pizza, sandwich, or pasta.  Be sure to check out their daily specials!
high quality food (no msg) , healthy, quick, tons of food, inexpensive and always left with leftovers
Absolutely loved it here.  They people were all very friendly and they did a fantastic job on my pink and white set and pedicure!!
Anybody that thinks this  is good pizza knows nothing about Italian food.Very dry pizza with rubbery cheese.Asked for more sauce and they charged extra$2.00 for some canned tomato sauce.Very limited menu with very over priced wine list.
Best show we've seen!\nIts amazing watching everything happen at once. The music, performers, and video. If you are looking for a show, and don't know what to see...this is a Must!
Phone order. Was supposed to deliver at our hotel. Was late an hour!!. No communication... Couldn't even get a hold of them. Rude/horrible customer service.
The worst experience of my life!! Run away...no seriously run. Burn your money pr give it to a homeless person. Both are a better use.
I'm digging their new hot dogs, and the BLT is pretty good too.
Standard to slightly better corporate-style Mexican fare. Overpriced margaritas are probably the best thing about the Sky Harbor Intl Airport.
wanta try something a little different and good?! hit this place!! ideal to go with a few friends and split the big combo... gives you a little bit of everything and oh so good!!
I love the roasted red pepper spread and the beer selection!
Just didn't live up to the hype. Food was meh, service was meh as well.
They have a really nice breakfast buffet for a fair price!!! Got a good selection of breakfast items!! If you don't want to spend $25 to $35 for a huge buffet that you only going to eat less than half the stuff they have than this place is for you!!!
Awesome salads and burgers.  Different from any other restaurant in the area!  Very friendly staff!
Comfortable rooms and very large bathrooms.
had reservation for 20 that was booked a month earlier. arrived 20 minutes to find out they forgot to set up for us. took 25 minutes to get our drinks, 30 minutes to get our salads. had to go find the staff to take our dinner orders. food was OK but the service was very poor.\ni would not recommend
No longer open in the sun coast casino!!!\nClosed for months\n\nHow can this been on yelp. Incorrect info!!'
Great service, great food. Jessie was an awesome hostess. She was very friendly and was awesome to us! She even packed our food to go for us, when usually the waitresses would just give us the boxes. Only regret I have was being unable to find the general manager to give her more kudos!
Very disappointed with my experience tonight. Ordered a walleye sandwich basket with cheese curds and a walleye dinner with two sides to go. When I returned home there were no cheese curds plus there was only one side with the dinner. \nDouble check all your orders.
For a chain food place, this place tops all of the other Mexican fast food places in Vegas. The owner and all if the employees are cool people and they will change the food to how ever you want it. I give this place a double thumbs up. The crane asada fries are my personal favorite and are 'da bomb'
Food Was Edible.   In my opinion (and my families) the food was flavorless. \nProbably won't be back.
Elmers is great mexican made old style.  it's a little place and not very pretty but the food is the so so so good and the beans are the best I have ever had. go to elmers.
Behold. A magical Mexican food wonderland for you to discover, and everything is served on a plate the size of a truck tire. Fantastic.
I thought this show was as captivating as could be. I was walking through right as it started and I could not take my eyes off it. Other than the beautiful dances, the words and action were really cool. The combo was tough to beat especially for a free show!
Olivier is an energetic and caring owner who takes pride in his business and clearly has a passion for healthy food and tasty ingredients. I was warmly welcomed (my first visit) and we talked about everything from France to my sunglasses to Bono and U2! A \"gem\" of a place. I will be returning often.
asked for salsa on side...waiter said it comes on side. he forgot to mention it is the sauce on the slice. had to give my bfast away. went away hungry
This place is very relaxing.Great place to get some drinks and chill out. It can be expensive but not bad compared to the quality of service. I love it that the kitchen is open late night. I end up spending a lot of money here :)
Not a fan! food was overpriced and mediocre at best! IMO go to HOLSTEIN's if you want a good burger! this was eeeehhh , even if they give you a free mac n cheese fried balls for checking in, still wouldnt go back!
Oops! We caught this Outback serving reheated Coconut Shrimp tonight! Very disappointed!
This is a great adult pool.  Men are expensive (50 bucks on Saturday) to get in.  Food prices are good. Many of the topless women are their 40's and look great.
This is a great salon. I have a hard time with my color and I am very picky. I see Forest and she has a great amount of experience and has nailed my color. I get compliments all the time. Thanks Forest!
Made the mistake to head over here, leaving Surrender to come here was a bad choice. \"the trendy people are here\" a server said when my group walked in. the people weren't what we had in mind. vip table was a joke... never coming back..
I go to Ray's for my cat and fish pond food.  Great prices, very helpful if you ask and they'll let you browse if you want.  Wish they were open longer hours.
Artichoke Salad, Potato Gnocchi, Chicken Picatta.  Done.  \n\nBy vegas standards, priced well for what you get.  Server seemed distracted when we got there, but came through in the end.  Good experience.
We all liked playing golf here.  Service and friendliness were good.  This place is best for straight hitters as the fairways were long and narrow.  Nice looking holes and very challenging greens.
Always a great place to get a PERFECT Steak.  And isn't that what you go to a steak house for?  Expensive, Yes.  Worth every Penny.  As for Kids, my 10 year old loves the place.  But she's used to going to high end restaurants.
Don't get me wrong, this place is delicious, but it is pretty expensive for a cookie. I had the white chocolate basil and it had an excessive amount of basil. Everything looks beautiful there, but I still couldn't get over the price for how small it was.
The lunch here was great. It was a little expensive, but overall it is worth trying out. I will definitely be returning here for lunch in the future.
The food compare to other pho restaurant was expensive and taste BAD!! I don't mind the price of the food if it's taste good..But very disappointed!!!
3-3 and a half ... Closer to 4 than three ... Ok ... 4... Had the habanero burger and onion rings.  Loved it!  I would go back just for that.  Loved the grilled flavor on the patty.
One of the better pizzas I've had in Phx. Sry Domino's!
Pissed....its open till 6am...we got therebY 2:30 and we were told it was closed!!!!!! The one star was only because I can't give zero...very disappointed
Had dinner there last week and the food was amazing.  Ordered the three course meal and loved everything.  The bartender mixed up a surprise drink and I was not disappointed.  I would recommend Crudo to anyone who loves great food.
Food was good, but service was not great. Need to stay competitive especially with service for the locals.
So you'll marry someone who elopes...regardless of their intentions?!?!? But won't marry a stable couple who fought so hard for the right. SHAME!!! People like you are an embarrassment to the human race! #stayclassy
I usually love love love this place and had to just throw my lunch because there had to be a quart of salt in the red sauce.  It was really horrible. I will stick to items without the sauce from now on.
Meh place, but it was the cheapest and best located decent hotel to stay.\nIf you can afford it, try the newer hotels.
Easy to moderate hiking overlooking the Troon golf courses with views of Four Peaks and most of the Valley. It's a little over 3 miles but it doesn't loop around.  Very well marked and maintained.\n\nWatch out for snakes - I've seen a few of them and some of them quite big!
Teachers are friendly, knowledgable and patient. Great atmosphere. Private lot. Go at night during candle light flow and melt your stress away.
I don't need to be a woman wearing these shoes, even looking at them screams money.  But more importantly, than money, is flash.  Or flashy.  You get the picture.\n\nAnd being located in the Forum Shops is the right clientele for sure.
At 4.50 quid, a bit pricey for carrot cake and an espresso. But the cake is amazing, so moist and sense and rich and oh my gosh. It's a tiny place, just a few short steps into a basement but liked the wood paneling. Just a few seats squeezed inside.
Fast lap is not worth the money. First they don't take GROUPON on Saturday, even though the place was empty and no where on the GROUPON did it state this. Secondly the staff was rude, probably another reason they were empty. There are better Kart racing in Vegas. Go to another place.
dirty food they should close this place down it sucks got food poisoning and almost died do not eat here I repeat do not eat here if you value your life!!!!
I found the staff to be extremely helpful and knowledgeable about their wine selection. My party tried a large selection of the appetizers and we loved all of them.
So I had this when I just visited back to Vegas. Tried the Baby Back Ribs and the Mac and Cheese. I didn't love it. It was o.k. I really enjoy TC's RIB Crib more.  Nice place inside and friendly staff.
I had Brandy as a driver and she was awesome we were coming home from Strong Beer Fest and Brandy was awesome and picked us right up. Took us from downtown to Tempe and had a perfectly cooled cab. We love her.
Great place! Friendly staff. Good music and awesome beer selection. I reco Bells two hearted ale!
Solid meal. Huge portions. Ask for sauces on the side, otherwise you'll drown.
bad experience at the west side location. went there to look at projectors for my man room. had a nice selection but expensive. asked the sales associate if there were other projectors and he kept telling me about the one for 3000 bucks. told me best buy bad garbage (was true). found one online.
Stopped by there this morning, but it was \"temporarily not in service\".  Was really looking forward to the French toast I read so much about.  Such a bummer!
Hostess is a bitch and rude. Last 3 times I've been here their rude. I worked in a restaurant and hate seeing the hostess here. Food is good though. If someone needs a job as a hostess show them this review and change this problem ;)
If you like standing in line this is the place to be. Everytime I go there they have two lanes open 45 people in each line and enough attitude from the cashiers to make you sick. Unbelievable its clean it works good pricing absolutely terrible terrible line management
Maybe it's weird that I am a girl. But I like this bar. The service is always spot on. The staff is friendly and the beer is good and cold. Has a good happy hour menu and it may be swamped with guys but I still like the Tilted Kilt for the fact that you know what your getting!
I tried to go here to get a bite to eat and have a Smithwick's.  There's a fridge with premade sandwiches and no Smithwick's.  I don't think you can call yourself an Irish Pub just because one of the 6 beers you have on tap is a Guinness.  I ended up going somewhere else...
Avoid this place in the airport. 20 minutes to wait for a standard order is not acceptable. I had to wolf down my food to make my flight when I should have had plenty of time. Epic fail BK, clean up your act.
Food is fine, service sucks.
Terrible service. Would have loved to rate the food except we finally left after waiting for a half an hour for an $11 cocktail.
loved the serving staff. Our hostess seated us early and our waiter was very friendly and prompt. The Kick-butt cheese bread was kick-butt. But beware, they don't skimp on the garlic. Our entrees are very good as well.
Love this place. Great splash pad and tot lot.
Menu has changed. Food tastes totally different now. Not what it used to be. :(
Great place to get a burger in the strip. You're likely going to have to wait but where in Vegas do you not have to wait?\n\nThe fried pickles are awesome and the shakes are fantastic. Well-seasoned, juicy beef patties. Not cheap, but they are generous with portions.
Good food.  Bad service.
I go here alot cause its right down the street and the waiters/bartenders are so cool.  I also eat the bean dip and one of the shrimp dishes.  Food is always consistent.
Dave: Standard issue Lowe's\n\nSheila: This store is huge! A better selection of items than Home Depot.  The store itself was clean and neatly organized.\n\nThe staff were friendly and helpful.\n\nThe bathrooms were grosse!
the $5 express car wash is a good deal
The theater seats upholstery is cracking and peeling off- and not just one seat, a lot of seats. The bathrooms also need an update.
Doritos Tacos. Yes, really. \n\nThis location is friendly, maybe too much so. They mess up on your order. A lot. Even when repeated. Don't leave the drive through without double checking your order to make sure you didn't get shorted an item or two.
If you really hungry, and it's really late, this is the only place you should go. Beware though, you'll start going at all times of day to get your fix, even though there are better option out there for any other time of day.
Ive been getting my dog groomed here for years now and have never had a problem. The turnaround is fast and they do a great job. Their always courteous as well. The kicker is, they are the cheapest grooming service I have used and with this service you get quality at a great price.
Wonderful food and service! Highly recommend!
Not a fan of the sashimi/sushi but the rolls here are good. I would recommend this place if you like to order rolls but try elsewhere if you are a sashimi/nigiri person
Don't bother if you are over a size 8. However, their seamstress is great.
I love going to Dutch brothers everybody there is so nice and genuinely seems to care about how you're doing the coffee is great my kids love the Junior MAFIA drink selection we go there about twice a week but this location is my favorite
Overhyped and underwhelming. Food quality was sub par and it was expensive. A good place for $30 but not $55
This is my absolute favorite sushi place! I drive across town just to eat here : )
Good place and has a nice potential of becoming a mix for both, tourists and locals but the coffee shop doesn't have heavy cream. I am on the mission to find at least a couple of coffee shops in downtown that could make a cappuccino with heavy cream.
Love this Cirque du Soleil show, one of the first permanent stage \nproductions of Cirque.  I have seen their traveling tours every year \nin San Jose but  they don't compare to a permanent stage production \nlike Mystere.  $65-90 tix.
HATE THIS WALMART! It is always trashy and the customer service does not make up for it at all. I cannot find anything else good about this Walmart. This is the closest walmart to me, and I rather drive 20+min to another Walmart.
Food is amazing, but you do pay for it so bring your big credit card.  Wonderful service, beautiful restaurant and you can't get fish any more fresh than Milos!\n\nHIGHLY recommend the grilled octopus appetizer, I still dream about it.
I've been here half a dozen times since the new management took over in 2012.\n\nThe place is very clean. Friendly staff. The best bar food I've had in a long time.\n\nIf I lived closer this would be a regular hang out for me.
I did a walk in and it was a Sunday they took me in right away Asia was My tech she was so nice! I explained what I wanted and she knew how to execute it and I love my nails! No manicure just polish and they look beautiful and elegant just want I wanted! I am definitely a returning client
The rolled chicken quesidlia is epic good, almost too much to eat in one setting.
The best I can say about Two Hippies is that it's cheap, and the founders are good marketers. Unfortunately, the dining room is small and uninviting, and the food is just okay. I won't be returning.
Service was great and we enjoyed the food
Had dinner with a group of 10 people on Wednesday. Food poisoning the next morning. Horrible experience. Their salad bar wasn't anything special. Texas de Brazil is definitely my to go for brazillian steakhouse! Two stars for great service!
The first time I visited Vegas was in 2005, and this place was supposed to be some hot stuff. This time around, it is not any more. The place is so run down. The only nice thing about it is the lobby.
My favorite restaurant at the bellagio.  The service is excellent and the menu hasn't changed in years.  I would recommend the poached oysters even if you're not an oyster fan.
The food here is killer.  Its get super packed:: so make reservations.  Its a tapas type menu, which means try one of each.  My favorite was the brava potatoes.  Very interesting dishes....
I should have known that this place was doomed since there was no one in there at lunch hour. A crusty cone of cold cheese took ages to get to me despite being the only person in the restaurant. Never again.
Amazing food and wine\n\n!
The food is delish!! Great menu and wine list :)
This location is great! Nice, clean, friendly staff.
Food is always so tasty! I usually go for the kebabs and tabouli. Good humus and pita as well. Decor could use a refresh but that's really the only downside, that and it can get pretty busy during lunch. Staff is always friendly and attentive. Great local spot.
Great Sushi and Godzilla tails.  Everything we ordered was perfect and the service was impeccable. Will definitely be back soon.
Loved it. Really well done -- retro feel but not overdone, very clean (pet-friendly and STILL spotless), awesome food, great staff. Can't fault it for anything. Do it.
Stopped in to squeeze in a workout during a weekend trip to Vegas.  Could not have been more welcoming.  Supportive but serious atmosphere.  Good facilities.  Hope to pop again if I'm ever back in in Vegas.
Took our scooter in to get the stator replaced almost a month ago. Every single week they have had some excuse as to why it was not done. Last week we went in and were promised it would be done by Tuesday (today), but no surprise it still had not been touched.
See you here, salud.
Liked the food and atmosphere here for food then drinks... Back lounge was really laid back and relaxing from the hustle of the strip. Awesome Vegas experience! Wish there was a Peppermill Portland!
This business is closed, take it off your site
UPDATE:  Came back again for EDC Weekend.  It's still whack LOL.
I love the salads from Paradise.  They always taste fresh.   The sandwiches ( especially the chicken walnut salad) are yummy too.  The thing I like the best is the mango tea.  It is brewed and very good.  I do wish the service was a tad faster but they are always pleasant.
Good fish tacos.
Good size! So worthy for what you order! You have to try the rips in here!good place!
HUGE burgers!! And one small fry is enough to feed my family of three.  Very tasty food and good solid service.  Very yummy!  I dont think the Yelp map is exactly correct though. but I guess close enough.
Adequate, but boring food. The bar scene seems much more exciting than the restaurant. When we asked our waitress what was good, she pretty much read us the entire menu. Nothing exceptional. Probably won't go back.
Good place for something quick and healthy.  I'm a fan of the pasta salad--it's light and tasty!\n\nSo glad i live near both locations in central phx--so can do when i feel the urge:)
It's cheap and you get what you pay for. My iron stomach is a total mess... Never felt this bad after sushi in my life.
This isnt food
Room is OK.  Don't like the fact that my favorite beer is not available at this hotel. Clubs a C-list - they are fine to see once and going a 2nd time sucks. The pool looks nice though.
You feel like you're in a used car lot.  The staff is WAY too aggressive with sales, my last Dental office treated patients more like a real Doctor,  not just a customer to see how much money they can get out of every visit.
Best gyro in town! We go for the lunch special during the work week quite often. I havent been for dinner but if its half as good as their lunch gyro then you wont be disappointed. Service is great and they always take good care of us.
I dislike this place more and more. Service is slow compared to the Appleton one. Much louder, slower service and less experienced staff.
Our server Cole was personable but not obtrusive!  BBQ delectable as always!   Side salad is plenty for two and the drunkin apples are  so tasty!
Food was just average.  Crab cake sliders were blah.  Husband had the club sandwich, it was pretty good.
Great sushi bar. The staff and owner are extremely attentive. Great presentation. Decent price too. And I got to sit next to Mario Lemeuix at lunch a couple weeks ago!
Great food, great service and great atmosphere! A welcomed addition to the North Side! Try their speciality cocktails and amazing selection of gourmet burgers.
Been here two times now. I think the service is good and the establishment is clean but the food is mediocre at best.
Love the place, but the wait is unbelievably long !   The pizza is superb, truly the best pizza i have had in a very long time.  Best to go make an appointment and come back a few hours later for your table.
Quite a scenic location, and that's what you are mostly paying for. I could see taking a date here or maybe some out-of-town visitors but I would not make it a regular breakfast or lunch dining spot. It was nice to see the gallery with local artists' work.
This is a little bar on the 108th floor of the Stratosphere on the LV strip. The design is open, neon green with funky bar seats with an up and down level on the side of the seats. The bartender was kinda dry and the drinks were small and pricey.
Horrible service, but great food. Who runs out of ketchup?
did not care for the atmosphere or crowd in this place.   Gave 2 stars due to the GIANT reasonably priced gin martini!   That earned a star.   Hard to get check at the end of the night.
Good pizza and hoagies.  It is always busy.  Cash only.
Pizza square was great with the salad - very good quick food for an airport.
I am surprised by all the good reviews, I was very disappointed with the Pad Thai, it was overpriced, small, and did not taste good. I can't comment on the rest of the menu, but there is much better thai in sdale and tempe. Pass this place up.
The drive through is soooooo slow. What's up with that?
This place has soul- LOVE it. Zada Janes has an eclectic mix of customers; the decoration is cozy and fun; and it is one of the few restaurants in Charlotte that offers great vegetarian options.
Not my favorite Cycle Gear store - the selection is not as great as the one on the Cave Creek but ultimately they had what I was looking for - so who am I to complain?!
La bouffe est excellente, ambiance feutr\u00e9e, personnel sympathique. Je vais y retourner.... Souvent
Kenneth always takes the time to look out for your business as well as an encourager for your success
The car wash is good but man I tell you everytime I've been to this place the high pressure up selling is totally annoying.  You mean I can't even get a car wash without up selling pressure?  Man, I no longer go there.  Danny's is less pressure.
I love this place, drinks and food are wonderful. The bartenders kick ass!
Don't waste your money. Being the Wynn I expected fabulous. I got average at best. Quality is ok, selection sucks. Who knew you could split a crab leg into such a thin sliver. Was a waste of my money, wish I had gone to the rio seafood buffet.
My family and I went. It smelled like pee. We waited 10 minutes for water. then decided to leave since the waiter kept walking by telling us just a minute. I'll never go there again.
This review is for their breakfast, which we make a point of having every visit. You can't beat the price (with Player's Card). The coffee, pancakes and chicken fried steak are great and the staff have always been pleasant to us. It's definitely not fancy but definitely reliable. I look forward to the next breakfast.
The closest thing I have to a neighborhood pub.  Not bad.\n\nThey sell loads of Belgian and Canadian beer.  That is all that you need to know.
Not only is the food delicious, but the service was fantastic as well. The staff did everything to make sure me and my kids had a great experience. I'll be back again soon.
We ordered several dishes that were okay taste wise but everyone felt nausea and stomach aches about 30 mins later. ;(
Woodmans is the grocery store of the damned.  The produce is attrocious and nasty.  The lines are always way too long.  It seems dirty.  Its unpleasant in so many ways.  It takes forever to shop there.  Its cheap, but I'd rather pay a few extra cents for a more pleasant grocery store.
Convenient to this side of Vegas and while more expensive then the ubiquitous Albertson's, less expensive than Whole Foods.  I only wish we had some in the Bay Area to offer a little competition.
Great location just a block off the strip, and an accommodating staff that has convinced me that I will be back. Rooms are a little small, but hey, you get SPG points and LOCATION!\n\nAlso of note, 24 hour Starbucks is a win!
Food was bland, tasteless,  and extremely small. The fruit given to is had more taste.
Had a great meal here! The food was authentic, delicious and the older man who was our server was adorable!  I loved watching him joke around with the kids at another table who seemed shocked and intrigued by his heavy accent. My friend and I both ordered noodle dishes and were very pleased with our selection. I will definitely try this place again!
Counter service.  Not overly friendly service.\n\nChips were good.  Veggie burrito was okay.  Would eat it again but not go out of my way for it.  \n\nEntertainment coupon is only good at dinner time.  :(
The shrimp ceviche is my favorite. Have had other dishes that were also very good but I really like their ceviche tostada.
We had a wonderful time. Great atmosphere, live music and delicious food.
Right next door to Cupcake Lane Bakery is this wanna-be mexican fast food joint.\n\nAll I can say positive is it was fast.\n\nVery limited menu-nothing resembles real mexican and it's really just a Baja Fresh or Chipotle knock-off.
For me, this is as good as it gets! Specifically because roller sets are $25. If you can stand sitting under the dryer, you can keep mula in your pocket. Charlie, Rick, Sherrell, and Chung will tame your mane, male or female.
M has awesome buffet !  Wide selection of food, ranging from Italian, Greek, American, Japanese to Chinese with great service, relaxing ambiance and most of all, very affordable!  Kudos and keep it up!
Had a nice time and really enjoyed the scallops.  Expected slightly more interesting flavor from a celebrity chef and really didn't appreciate the server recommending we order pasta as a starter because the portions were small.  We were full before we started and left with regaret that we wasted so much food.
Good selection,  but just have the yogurt part of the meal price.\nSmaller than other Mongolian restaurants we've been too.
Wasn't a big fan. I didn't try the Italian Beef everyone is so crazy because I wasn't craving beef. All their other food just taste frozen.
Mostly family friendly. Tricks were OK compared to some of the others. He is a bit of a  ham.
Took forever to get my food. Approximately 45 minutes for just a Kids Pizza and A Burger... I definitely would not recommend this location. And the manager's are so tacky... Never again...
I really want to love this place but I'm never really impressed. The food is good, just generic thai food, but nothing special. It's also quite pricy for what it is. It's your best bet if you're downtown but aside from that I'd rather make the drive someplace else.
I have been standing here waiting to pay my bill for 30 minutes.  Slow staff, they haven't even acknowledged me yet.  I'm still just standing here.
Jackie cut and colored my hair PERFECTLY! I can't wait to go back!
Staff was friendly and food was great! Southern fried deliciousness!
I really wasn't impressed... I had the garlic parm fries they were hardly warm & soft like they were old!!! And the boneless wings weren't bad, doubt I'd go back!!!
Yummy designer burgers. Can't believe I waited so long to try this place out. The smash fries are fabu :9
They have a great happy hour here.  The popovers are awesome and the burger with jalapenos is a steal at $8.  The escargot are very good but not quite as good as before they changed the recipe.
These guys are so awesome!!!!!!! Scott helped me out so much!!! I had an issue with another location and Scott got me right in and fixed my car in literally 7 min. These guys are incredible!!!!!! Go here!!!!!
This place is excellent!  The patio was great to enjoy a delicious lunch, our server was incredible and the food was fantastic!  The guacamole was tasty, the agua frescas were refreshing, and the entrees were delicious!
I've been here twice. Wonderful service and amazing coffee.
Not a great Subway. It almost never has another customer, for reasons that are pretty clear. The staff is sullen and disinterested. They skimp on the ingredients (especially the vegetables -- ask for more to get the stink eye). Keep on going to the Subway on University and Country Club for a better experience.
Good food. Never had a pupupas before, but would get it again. Service could be a bit better though.
Customer service is great, the smoothies and bowls are delicious, and it's a nice, cool atmosphere. My favorite acai bowls are \"Go Green\" and \"Original\". The food is healthy, yummy, and affordable! I recommend it to anyone, any age!
Great food, menu is different from the \"street\" locations....
I love the atmosphere  of this place. The service is great to. The food is good but expensive. It seem that ever thing on the menu were rolls which were very good but small. The rolls were individual sides and not very fulling. But they all tasted great. So I would go for appetizer and then somewhere else for dinner.
Vastly different experience than the Keg that is in Old Montreal.\n\nSteak undercooked, potato overcooked. Not a good combination.
The staff was nice, but the food wasn't very good.
If I could rate this place -5, I would. \nWorst service ever. Horrible food. And absolutely no understanding of how to treat customers. Left after what they call 'beef carpaccio' showed up... more like a mushy raw meat pizza.
Stunningly beautiful setting.  Great pools, just an absolutely iconic hotel.\n\nAn added bonus is that you can use Starwood points!
Super easy to catch a flight.\nNearly no wait to get through security.\n\nEverything is very clean, neat and orderly and the people are very nice.\n\nI find it so much easier I fly out of MSN than anywhere else.
The staff was less than attentive ... Left a hostess station waiting.  Food covered in eel sauce not sure what they were covering up and staff very unfriendly!!! Not coming back!!
By far the BEST sushi EVER, always fresh, friendly and a great atmosphere. It's my go to spot.
Noodles were good but not much flavor from the sauce.  Had meat balls with it and they weren't very memorable either.  Tried there special iced tea.  Pretty watered down.  Wasn't bad but wasn't that good for the $$ they asked.  A little pricey.
absolutely terrible. \neverything on my plate was under cooked, upon being sent back, it back under cooked again. \n\nnot worth the effort or the price.
the worst nail place ever, over priced, tools are unsanitary, hair in the pedicur sinks, no customer service, and the whole time they are talking on the phone or with each other in vietnamese while working on you.  very rude, think twice about going here....i will never go back
Good food. Really like the Asian Chicken Salad. Horrific service. Ignoring the customer seems to be their trademark. Houdini must work there. They seem to know how to disappear.
The hostess was rude. But the server was great and always made sure we had everything we needed. I had the carne asada tacos and the meat was delicious! I loved that they put guac on them! Tasted the fried ice cream which was also delicious!
Waste of money and time. Ice cream taste sugar free and not good. Cookies were hard. I won't re visit.
Average chain... really nice outdoor area - really average food.
Average Thai food. Not the best but not the worst. If you want Thai food it is worth considering this place!
Not worth the money. First time I came here & ordered the spicy Korean from the lunch menu. There wasn't much flavor to the dish other than being spicy. The rice was dry,the chicken was dry. You're better off at panda express. 2 stars for the nice decor & friendly service.
I have eaten here many times before.THE FOOD IS GREAT!!!!! I have heard many things about having a bug in your rice bowl. I did not believe it.But one day I got a rice bowl and I found a bug in it. Now I no longer will eat Chipotle!
The kids and I were headed to the Mesa Arts Center for Ignite Phoenix 6, so we scoped around for a highly rated restaurant that was nearby.  So glad we decided on this place, the pizza was fantastic!  We will definitely be back.
The New York Chinese is the place place in Summerlin to get fresh & very good Chinese food. The lunch menu is fantastic . Large portions and fits the budget. The help is very helpful when ordering, 5 star.  Order a head on weekend. Long wait if you just go in. But it's worth it. Happy dining. Swordie
Love this park! Great for small hikes, fishing with the kids and boot camp babes!
Was here in February. Interesting place. Staff was great. Beer list extensive and good. Food was good but I was put off by fish and chips at $28. Was not special but was good. Other pricing looked OK.\nWould I return..probably.
I love visiting this sushi bar when I'm in the Madison area. The staff is really nice, the sushi chefs are friendly and funny, and the food is delicious. Try the Badger roll - you won't be disappointed! :D
I love sushi rolls. However I like pieces that I can easily fit in my mouth. \n\nThe rice was very bland and over cooked. \n\nWe had one person in our party who does not eat sushi ,he had like 5 options for dinner.\n\nWe will not go back.
I haven't eaten in the restaurant but we do drop by to pick up their pasta sauces which they will sell to you in plastic tubs. Rose and meat sauce are our favorites. The restaurant does look clean and good for a quick meal.
Need to clean the theater and keep 4 year olds out of PG-13 movies.  I didn't pay $11 to got to a daycare.
Good but overhyped pizza; small place so often have to wait for a while to get a table. Great atmosphere.
Screw that they didn't work out anything with me I got a tire here they changed the prices with me 5 times. I tried getting my tires balanced but I forgot my lock key. They tried charging me for using one of there's hell naw . F U
I saw so many good reviews on this restaurant that I suggested the resturant to my pastor and his wife. My husband and I met them there and commenced to receive the worst service from the male server in the bar seating area. He had a poor attitude and continually forgot to fulfill our requests. I was so embarrassed. We'll never return.
Food was great, service good. Only thing keeping it from being 5 stars is it was very very expensive.
Slowest \"fast food\" place I've ever been. Rude employees too. I just waited in the drive through for THIRTEEN minutes and there was only one car ahead of me! This place is freakin terrible. The food is okay, but the service is so bad I won't come back.
Well there is food and a lot of it. About 20% of it is edible the other 80% is questionable. The fragrant and aromatic scent of rotting meat hits you as you walk in the door. The room temperature seafood will keep you coming back for more. NOT! go somewhere else. This place is no good!
Delicious! Our first time, on our way to Veteran's parade! Gave us 1/2 off our total bill for my husband's service! Will fill in details later! Very impressed!
I got the fish tacos and they were honestly some of the best fish tacos I've ever had. The salsa is came with was also fantastic. My friend got their pizza sandwich & that was also amazing. I was pleasantly surprised with this place. I'll definitely be going back!
Took the fam out for barbecue at Dickey's the other night and I must say it was really GOOD.  We ordered the family meal which was plenty for the four of us. I haven't had brisket this good since I lived in West Texas.\n We'll be going back!
Definately not service with a smile. Order is usually wrong, and workers are rude.
Gotta downgrade my rating slightly. The prices have risen on their seafood, meat and produce and the store has become even more disorganized. They don't stock Ting! anymore, either. I find myself down at Lee Lee more than LF nowadays, even though LF is 5 mins from my house.
Thank you Lux. \n\nPerfect in house roasted beans to make my iced coffee. Amazing baristas. Cute British girl at the counter was a bonus. \n\nSolid baked goods. Great decor.
Too expensive here...\n\n$9 for hot dog and fries?!\n$12 for philly cheesesteak and fries.\n\nEverything tastes good but nothing over the top great.
Ive been here twice and both times they have run out of cups! It is very maddening. Please have more cups. I do have to say the shaved ice is really good but Im really just interested in the Boba.
Everardo really knows his craft. An exceptional photographer with a creative and unique flare. Head shots, weddings, portraits...all his work is amazing.
Everyone seems to have a problem with this place, but I enjoyed some of the best fried rice of my life here. And my friend got some sort of popular Asian chicken dish and loved it. Didn't think it was overpriced and our server was great.
This place does offer good sushi and prefixed menu, but it is definitly way over rated. For the price they are asking, I would expect the fish to taste as good as the fishes in Tsukiji Fish Market, in Tokyo.
Year ago I could not be happier with the food and service I received. Oh well that was then. But at least the management corrected the mistakes.
I was seen here on a Saturday afternoon. The visit was quick, I was in and out the door in under an hour. the doctor who I saw was absolutely amazing, understanding and and attentive! \nI'll definitely be using only this urgent care in the future.
Great place family owned... They did excellent work on my fusion. It's brand new again!!! Thanks Matt you run a great auto body shop. No problems, no headaches just quality work with a fast turn around. Lake pleasant auto just get it done!!
We ordered 4 items from the tapas menu and all I can say is why was everything luke warm?  Tried the seared calamari based on other reviews and it had no flavor despite all the dark sauce on the plate.
Great food, just like any other Johnny Rockets location. This one is just slow because they only have a handful of employees working...expect to wait a while in line to order and get your food if you go when it's busy.
Meh. Disappointed in the reviews this store has been given, to say the least. Over priced & service was neither here nor there. Had I not been short on time and desperate to get my screen fixed, I would have gone elsewhere! First and last time doing business with desert wireless.
I have never been out to Coolidge, and before going out for lunch, I looked up restaurants in the area. The service was not the greatest, but I got the food I ordered pretty quickly considering I was on a time crunch. The honey walnut shrimp is not the greatest I have tried, but it is also not the worse.
Great food, service needs to be better! Please acknowledge your customers when they arrive and give them the courtesy of knowing you will be with them in a moment if you are busy.
Request a room in their newer towers that were recently renovated. much nicer and up to date.
Probably it was our bad for not trying the check-in trick this time. We got the basic room, which was far from elevator and had no tub. That's not what people expect for a Vegas experience, and MGM should know that instead of maximizing profit margin.
Right now i am in the restaurant sitting on the bar and i ordered hot chocolate. Everything is good except bartender . Her name is Rhonda. She is rude. She is literally yelling to us. I just feltso uncomfortable!
Terrible service. The manager was really condescending. Strange.
two tacos dinners to go. fish and carne asado.\nboth ok. place hard to find and parking was difficult.\ndesigned as a place for those working nearby or parked across the street in the mall.\nok value to price, ok food, nothing to write home about
Grosse d\u00e9ception. Nous avons pris diff\u00e9rents combos. C'est gras, tr\u00e8s gras. J'aime encore mieux aller au Coq au coin de la rue.
Great location!  Close to shops and theatre.  Nice staff.
This place is the best i allways get the nachos mmmmm the best but if u share the nachos with someone fight to get the mother nacho lol
Nice atmosphere, very mediocre food. Indifferent wait staff. Don't get the vegetable sandwich, it is very bland. Beer cheese soup was okay and cheese curds were ok. Pulled pork was just pulled pork, no special flavor, really not much for flavor in general.
Good service,  and they had decaf coffee ready (not instant or lattes only like most MTL places); toast was excellent, but the eggs, potatoes,  and pancake were just \"ok\". \"Fruit\" was laughable, more like garnish.
Good if you have a wing craving although the wings could be meatier. Extensive sauce choices but limited menu otherwise. Long waits between ordering and tray pick-up at the name calling window.\n\nOverall, the wings should be better for a wing-focused joint.
Across from MGM, upgraded rooms with LCD TVs that has outlets for your dvd, xbox, ps3, even has available hdmi and vga hookups at no xtra charge...Vegas on a dime!!
I was done with my breakfast before they brought my coffee and orange juice. \n\nThe service at the buffet doesn't match up to the rest of the MGM Grand, which overall, is a great place to stay while in Vegas. \n\nReal disappointing.
very happy with Hector and his father. They installed SOD, several plants and trees as well as a drip system and warranty their work
Slow service and occasionally rude people working. I know it's only McDonalds but what happened to pride in work, whatever that work may be.
Horrible dining experience.  Service was extremely slow. Ayce sushi but I got full with hot tea waiting for the slow food. Never coming back.
...they only offer 20% off because their prices are marked up 25% from nearly everywhere else.  Shop the clearance to get some deals, otherwise not much found here can't be found at Kohl's, Wal-mart, or one of the major department stores for less.
1 star = burnt coffee = not funny service = too much ice in the iced coffee = broken straws.
Best burgers we have ever had. Fast and friendly staff and the food hot. You may have to wait for a table, but it is worth the wait.
We went with a group of 7 to Border Grill on the 4h of July. Our service was excellent, Paris did an amazing job. Food and drinks were good, but nothing amazing. The best part was the server and chips and salsa!
My favorite place to eat at in Vegas.  Been coming here for many years and I can't get enough.  The Greek salad along with everything else are amazing.  Their food is fresh and tasty and cooked to order.  Can't beat it.
**Hotel room had a faulty Iron, destroyed my shirt, and they did not refund me or do anything about except replace my iron with a working one.\n\nWorst customer care of all time
Awesome salon with wonderful stylists!
Amazing bookstore! Friendly, Wide, Light-well. There is also Starbucks.
I admit, we go here more for my wife than for me.  It comes off as typical Mexican food, but the chorizo is great.  It wouldn't hurt them to take out the trash more often as the trash bins are always full.
My sales person was very knowledgable and respectful. I am very happy with Verizon and their service. Overall nice experience at this corporate owned location. Thank you!
This place is a true thrift store everyday they offer different deals and the prices are great as well as the customer service. I always get more than I plan to get
Love this place. Dr jason ia super nice and very friendly. I only take my dog here and recommend this place to everyone I know who has a pet.
We didn't have reservations so we didn't get to try the food, but the guy in front was so rude so I don't think we'll be back.
This has long been my favorite chinese buffet for lunch and dinner. However they are now charging $12.49 + $1.59 for soft drink. The quality of food though has not improved. Perhaps since they have Snow Crab Legs everyday they are justifying the price. But sadly I don't agree.
I wasn't expecting anything amazing because all their food is frozen but I waited way too long for undercooked wings. And it's also freezing in there!!
If you're 50+, wanna watch a cheap show ($20-25), and laugh, then come here.\n\nIf you're under 50, better off spending that $25 on gambling. Because you will not understand any of their jokes.  All I knew was, one lady was better at singing than being funny.
The colorist Brittany is amazing!!! GO to her! She is very smart and a total perfectionist.
A great alternative to Cravings.  It isn't as busy, and you will get your food in under 5 minutes.  The Chicken Chow Fun is some of the best I've had.
Not done reBAR but have been to Bliss several time for lunch.  \n\nI am addicted to the shrimp taco's and every that has come with me has loved their meal be it a sandwich or the mac and cheese.  Service is great and I love the atmosphere.  In an odd location so I hope it survives.
Men who ride motorcycles dont put gel in their hair. A biker bar doesnt have a Botix blonde barbi making out with a kid wearing designer jeans at the bar. You are gonna find your typical Scottsdale posers, so be prepared.
Just went back, still in awe of the place.  \n\nWanted to throw my vote behind the smoked gouda spinach dip.  Quite tasty.
The food is affordable and the breakfast burritos are pretty good. This spot is a good place to grab a bite if you're on the go and want something quick, but be aware no drive thru available. I would say that the burritos are above average in taste and average in price.
Got everything squared away regarding the gift certificates.  A few items on my list are out of stock but will be arriving within the week and it'll all arrive at my door next week.  Excellent...
\"Maple Pecan Granola Cereal\"\nLove It. I can eat it all day long.\nBut I have to leave it alone, too much sugar! Getting old and I was forced to start a new diet :-(\n\nGreat store for organic here in Charlotte.
I loved the ambiance. Well decorated and fancy white table cloth. \n\nI ordered the veal, but wasn't that impressed with the lunch prices. I would try other options next time for sure.
Been in several times to get things adjusted/fixed on my bike. These guys are friendly, knowledgable and reasonable when it comes to pricing. Can't think of anything else you'd need from your local bike repair shop!
Fun location for a bite to eat at the bar. Service by the bartenders was excellent. Delicious appetizers and drinks!  Great dirty martini. Loved the salami pizette and bacon wrapped dates.
Honestly McDonalds is a McDonalds but I've never been to one so slow. Went in to grab some breakfast and, although no one was there, it still took 20 min. The fact that I keep coming back is just because it is close.
yummmmmmmmmmm!! the food was so good and the store is very clean.  great service and great selection. LOVED IT!
UPDATE: With my detailed review, the owners figured out who we were and reached out. It was a sincere attempt at trying to right a wrong. While it doesn't change our experience, it does bode well for improving their operations.
This is not mexican food or grill. They have this bs white ans brown rice. Thats sone asian stuff. Wheres the spanish rice!! Also food was cold. Would not recomend for mexican food
delivery dude \"forgot\" to bring change. how fucking convenient. Another $20 fucking dollars for a sandwich, drink and macaroni salad.
Love EVERYTHING about this place...The Matador is a pure delight....such a beautiful and friendly place.  Parking is a big problem for this and the other businesses located in this area.  Wish they could fix this.  I just adore this coffee bar!
Authentic Laos and Thai flavors that phoenix needs more of. The Tom yum gai makes you close your eyes in appreciation, the papaya salad is fantastic, and the larb gai is earthy and refreshing.
I love it here and I frequent this place almost daily.  The only negative I can think of is the parking layout and layout of the roads.  Someone was on drugs when they designed this place.
1.5 hours later and we are still waiting for food! What a bummer! \nThe last time we came it was great!\n:(
Yep.  I think they have changed management in the last year.  I have had 2 awful experiences with them in the last month.  More updates to come shortly.
Horrible service. The bar was practically empty and they acted like they were going out of their way to pour you a drink after the bartender finished his snow boarding story to the other bartender. Forget about the tattooed wattress serving you.
I love this place.  The waitresses are very attentive and the food is excellent with bountiful flavor.  I always get the pechuga asada but I have had several other selections.  All were excellent.  One of my top 5 places to eat in Phoenix.
I love going to movies here!  The recliner seats are great and it's nice to be able to reserve seats in advance.
Food is ehhhh. Nothing special but gets the job done. Huge menu with a lot of options.
Fun place.  had a couple of drinks, caught up with friends, and watched the sexy chics behind the screen.  It was busy and Caesar's is always fun.
Much better option for a sub than the Subways on campus. Take a nice stroll over here. The place is usually not that busy. So give them some more business! The staff are nice, the place is clean, and of course they're freaky fast.
Great place, massive portions. Could split one order to 3 every time! Great place to go after marathons :) Yum yum!
Fantastic pizza and service. I love how big the slices are and the lunch special is a great deal. I will definitely come back! Thanks :)
Great golf at the south end of the strip.  Super friendly staff.  Interesting course with great views of Las Vegas and planes taking off and landing.   Don't play here if the planes bother you.  The service here is outstanding and the course is well kept and fun.  Great day here - we loved it.
Their pancakes are so good! They're practically a dessert themselves! Sometimes the service can get backed up when they're really busy, but the staff is always very nice. The outdoor seating is really nice during the cooler months, and the booths are nice a long for big parties. All around great breakfast place :)
Just watched a guy in a SF Giants cap flip burgers with his glove. Gross.
When you want good food at a great price and friendly folks, this is the place for ya. Sarah and I have been coming here for some time now and have never had a bad meal. I just say to the Wife hey you want old folks for dinner that's all it takes. Delicious.
Wow! What excellent place. Definitely get a burger and go for the white chocolate ale. Loved it!! Plus they allow you to bring your dog to the back patio. Sweet.
The food was terrible and the place was seemingly unclean. Moreover, our waitress was clueless when asked about food suggestions, beers, etc. Will never go here again.
Not very good. And I was hopeful. I saw him 25 years ago and he was hilarious. Not as much now.
dont pay with a debit card, $250 later you'll regret getting your deposit back 9 days later, horrendous customer service over the phone to top things off.
If you love Mexican food, you'll love it here, homemade chips, crisp withe salsa and guacamole great. Chimichanga huge. Pork belly Tacos good, offered with 4 different sauces to spice it up 2 Korean, 2 Mexican. Employees very friendly.
How can they pack so many calories into such tiny sandwiches?\n\nGod, I love bread.
Don't waste your time or money!  I have spent thousands of dollars there and got no relief.  Very poor customer service and even worse results.\n\nThey are very good at taking your money and your insurance, but terrible at providing results!  I could not be more disappointed.  I actually have more pain after being treated there!
French dip.  Mac n cheese balls.  Very tasty for a very late night snack.
The gelato was good but the service wasnt. a rude\nteenager helped us. She was annoyed when we\nasked for samples and hounded us to keep our spoons. very\nunpleasant
Best for Indian,\nBetter for Korean,\nGood for European,
We love Italy and good Italian food - this place feels like Italy and the food is great! The moscato grappa was a perfect end to our meal: smooth, sweet and the flavor if Italy.
Ordered the Aged Rib Eye and was almost uneatable, It had no taste and consisity of a NY, the wine I had to send back. never go there again
It Was Horrible Ruined My Valentines Day
If zero stars was an option this would be the place! Dirty floors, dirty counters, rude employees, broken equipment, slow service.  This McDonald's really sets the brand standard.  Just stay away unless you have a lot of time to wait and don't mind your food being touched without gloves right after they handle the money.
I've been back a few times since my first review and the customer service varies based on who's working.  The last 2 times I've visited, there was a different guy working the counter who looked up, saw I had come into the shop and then quickly put his head down.  No hello.  No thanks for the purchase.
Last night was my first visit to Sunflour and it was a pleasant one. I got the triple chocolate cupcake and it was delish! It was everything a chocolate cupcake should be - dense, fudgy and not cloyingly sweet. The staff was very friendly. I will definitely be coming here often.
It's a perfect place to go after a night on the strip. The decorations are slightly eccentric, but the people are great and the portions are large. I definently recommend the waffles. :)
I'd never been here before but it was a great experience.  We saw Avenue Q in the Hormel Theatre.  It's very small and intimate - great place to see a show.  We had excellent seats but I suspect just about every seat is a good one.  Looking forward to coming back!
One star for the hotel but three stars for the buffet...\n\nI went back for seconds of the corned beef hash and biscuits and gravy.  Nothing fancy here, just a good down-home basic breakfast.\n\nThumbs up!
Delicious, affordable, and quickly prepared food located in the Planet Hollywood. With so many places that overcharge for food on the Strip, this place is a must try for a quick lunch or food for the drive home.
The food was fresh, and tasted great.  However, for almost $50, I received a piece of fish less than 3 ounces.  The dish had no side, literally nothing else on the plate excpet garnish.  We skipped desert and got a yogurt next door for $6.  Dont waste your time here.
I dig Sky Harbor Airport! The parking isn't bad and the facility is easy to navigate. They have great cab and shuttle services too. The restaurants they have in the terminals are mostly popular chain restaurants and the pricing is about the same.
Great fun. Good pizza, great experience. Go on Thursday or Saturday when owner plays guitar and sings. Family operated, and you'll feel like you're part of the family too.
Einstein Bros Bagels is a bagel chain from Colorado that has strong presence in Las Vegas.\n\nI actually like their specialty \"gourmet\" items better than bagels, like Apple Cinnamon, Power Protein, etc. with honey almond smear.
Dinner took 45 min to arrive despite few customers in the restaurant.  How long are you willing to wait? Staff kept saying it would be ready soon. Will think twice before going there again.
Love this place - the chips are great and service is always good!
Average food and great atmosphere been going for years but lately the service is horrible.   Last  3 times sat for 20 plus minutes before server showed up and the beer is warm as well.   Not sure what changed but used to love this place now not so much.
Good lasagna for lunch- service was great and I would definitely go back if I lived in the area.\nMenu looks diverse, atmosphere was clean and sports oriented- the food coming from the kitchen all looked delicious.
I stopped here real quick the other day, and I have to admit that this park is absolutely beautiful.  It amazes me to know what this area once looked like.  I cannot wait to see the area in a couple years from now.  I guarantee that there will be so much beauty to accompany this park's greenery.
Authentic that food. Really tasty.  Drunken noodles are really good. Been there on last two Vegas visits and will go again for sure the next time I return
Wonderful service, nice decor, safe menu.  turkey sandwich standard fare, good pastrami sandwich.
A huge selection, if and only if you're right handed.  If you're a lefty like me, you're completely out of luck.
This place rocks the chimichangas outta me.  It's great food, great prices, and in an odd location (imo).  The portions are GIANOURMOUS!  Overall, great stop for some tacos.
Had lunch here the first time of my visit.  Was surprised at the quality of the food and drink... for a mall restaurant. The shrimp & guac tostadas appetizer was our favorite.
i really don't care for the deep dish pizza here.\n\nit's smothered in sauce and doesn't appear to have quality cheese.\n\ni'll have to try the pastas next time!
Naomi is amazing!!! She is so patient and she can take a simple dress and accessorize to turn it  into a one of a kind creation. This is the only place in Charlotte I would recommend to get the gown of your dreams because I trust Naomi to help thru the process and not just trying to make a quick sale.
I love sweets so i couldnt help but just walk in. I wish i wasnt so full from my breakfast or else i would have gone crazy in this joint. I was tempted to buy a pint of ice cream to go but that wasnt very sensible since we are out in the middle of the dessert and we were on our way home.
Yummy,  perfect for after a workout!   The guy behind the counter was very helpful but the girl was talking to him like a 5 year old in front of all of us.   Other than that,  great place.
This is average food with a hip atmosphere.
Came here to see what the hype around the feta fries was all about. They were alright, felt like I could have made them at home. Nothing really special about them, still good though. Got good service and the staff was really nice and friendly.
great place for lunch.\nco-worker and i shared the gemelli pasta with homemade sausage and broccoli rabe and the proscuitto and arugula pizza.\nboth were really tasty but i prefered the pasta just alittle bit more.
Love the tvs at almost every table. Wasn't impressed with there food. The Ruben was alittle dry but all and all not a terrible place.
Place was filled with employees but not many tables, the. Employees just standing around, not really attending the customers.
Very professional, nice even tan
Terrible service for clothes that are expensive even after discounts. Nobody greets you. The three employees just hung out talking amongst themselves. Expected more from CK.
Considering the location, it's not too bad. Not the best Chinese food I've ever had but not horrible. It's somewhere in between Panda Express and real authentic Chinese food.
The fish tacos are tiny. The atmosphere is good and the service is good. Nothing else to say in this review.
I dont mind other locations, but this location on this particular night sucked huevos.\nI dont find the need to ever go back. \nTOTAL LATE NIGHT BUZZKILL.
What a great experience I'm addicted! I now tried several of them but my fav is Rise and Shine acai bowl with strawberries blueberries kiwi and a touch of honey Yummy! Healthy tasty and a great meal replacement.
Food is good but the management & service isn't the best. If you want friendly staff this isn't the spot. Scary neighborhood too.
Chicken Pad Thai was pretty good. Great flavor to the thai chilis.
Tiny and the music sucks.... that's all I have to say about this place!
Oh Judas Priest........Screaming for Vengeance is spicy and so full of flavor, its amazing......love it, thanks to my wife EvaB for turning me on to this place.....thanks boo.
This place only caters to themselves. We have been sitting at the table for 10 minutes outside and no one has come to see if we want food or another drink. Did the Bloody Mary bar....
I was a bit ticked off when we skipped breakfast and waited around for this place to open since we were drawn by the unlimited SUSHI advertised on all the signs.  In fact, they only have tapas now.
We loved this show.  I have always  been a huge fan of Copperfield for years and we jumped at the chance to go to the show.  It was awesome.  I had seen his tv shows but he does not disappoint live!  Made a car disappear!  A little pricey but worth the show!
Party of 10 for happy hour. Was asked to move entire party to the other side of the restaurant. Then was asked to pay the $328 bill and leave bc there was a wait for seating! Will never return!
Nostalgia on steroids. This is the real deal Complete with cheerful staff. Ruben sandwich was just the right size with a delicious pineapple infused coleslaw. Even the patrons were cheerful! My dining guest thought the hot dog was ordinary. But the chocolate soda was divine!
One of the best bagel shops I've been to.  Certainly more dense and a bit sweeter than bagels in Boston, but not too sweet.
Movers-not good. Maybe because it was in the 100's and it was in afternoon? They were extremely rude and were kindof slow-we couldn't help but compare them with our loaders in California-night and day. Would never recommend them.
Horrible service.   The girl working the front just doesn't care devanna.  She didn't greet us nor help with anything.  WE greeted her.  She was too busy on the iPad checking her facebook or Instagram.  Hopefully she was on here reading the comments.  Anyway devanna.  You need to invest into new employees
Don't bother.  I've enjoyed Taco Bell more.
The staff is so unprofessional from the cashiers to the manager. Take your job seriously for once and stop talking like your in a break room! I went to go buy balloons and got the worst customer service ever. And all the manager did was kiss up to every customer that was annoyed. All they do was lay back and relax.
First impression: good food; I want to go back try more of the sandwiches and pizzas! \n\nA number of sandwiches sounded appealing to me, and the pizza topped with arugula looked fantastic. That's my next order.
Had a great dinner.  Loved the sampler entr\u00e9e.  Place was busy but the got us in ... Service was great too.
Was a great place to eat, now food is greasy, and it doesn't taste like it used to. Used to have a more of a homemade taste, now tastes like Costco business center. Sad. I loved going here.
I had your fried chicken sandwich at the airport.  Needs some work.  Next time I'll try the beef you advertise.
This show is amazing!!! \nTotally entertaining from start to finish, and it's fun for all ages. I went with my entire family, and we were blown away by these guys talent! Lots of fun eye candy for the ladies too. \n\nGO SEE IT!
Great burger! Nice atmosphere and good service. The only complaint I have is the mist was too much. I understand its hot out here but at 9:30pm they could've turned it down... I felt like I was sitting in the rain. Other then that everything was really tasty. I will be back!
had a great belgian waffle with marple sirop a busy place in the morning to enjoy New York atmosphere before heading off to
CLOSED DOWN\nnot surprised considering it was at the same intersection with both Harris Tweeter and Food Lion.\n\nAlso shows how useful five star reviews based on a one time $2 purchase (water, sweet tea etc) are . Pfouie
Food was fine but was asked to leave table after we paid our bill. It had only been a few minutes. We had not been drinking so it was not because we were drunk, maybe it was because we were not drinking and spending enough $. Either way- first time and last time.
Good place for a quick drink.  Met a friend for a quick drink.  Place is nice and relatively large.   Had the jumbo lump crab cake appetizer with a red onion caper sauce that was very good.
Went to Fleming's to celebrate our anniversary and was not disappointed!  Steaks to perfection, and wonderful staff.  The manager even gave us a $25 gift card as an anniversary present!
The food is poorly prepared, over cooked and hard fried.  Service was shameful.  I was by myself and practically ignored.  Go somewhere else.  The prices aren't that great.  There are plenty of better establishments for drinks and appetizers.
This place easily beats TEG!!  Try the Vampiro style tacos.  Vampiro is like a tostada that is smothered in cheese, carne asada and avacado.  So good!
Get the White Chocolate but leave the Strawberries and Cream flavor, too faux-berry/chemical tasting.
There is no better tint shop in Vegas.  had 6 cars done myself and numerous friends and family.   My only complaint is it takes to long to get in their shop during the summer months but then again, when your the best everyone wants your services.  Its worth the wait!!
really good neighborhood place. The lunch buffet is great, especially if you are unsure what to order. You can try a few different things. The tandoori chicken and tiki Marsala are incredible!
Pork Fried rice were greattt after a night at XS:)
Since its reopening, I has been nothing short of disappointing. Doucheville USA. Nothing like vacuous hipsters! Gone are the days of old Vegas. Like thanks mr zappos, like, seriously, omg! I'll be at the huntridge tavern.
This place is never open when it says...and if you are so lucky for them to be open during posted times...often no one around to help you. A complete waste of time to go here, service terrible.
Waiting in line behind 4 carts. There's two lanes open and one express lane. Target doesn't look like they're in any hurry.
Its my 1st time here & gotta say it sucks!  It took an hour to get our food, and to top it off, it super overpriced & the food is not even that good!
Excellent food, overpriced, very poor service, restrooms were an absolute smelly pigsty (killed my appetite).
Horrible service this evening ... Walked in at 7 pm ... We occupied only table in restaurant ... Sat for 20 minutes while they took new take out orders ignoring us even though we told them we were ready to order ... Finally walked out
JT (bartender/manager) killed it! Good music and beer, badass cocktails custom made by JT and a little bit of food to snack on...will be back :)
My son and daughter went here when they were kids and now my two granddaughters go and they love it there! Nothing has changed. it is still a great preschool. Nice calm atmosphere and the staff are all so nice!
One of the best panda's I've been too staff is very polite. The food taste a little better here for some reason they also always give me a little extra, maybe because I'm just bigger or the way I Lick my lips when I say black pepper chicken please..
Just received a threatening message that was obviously from this provider or someone close to this provider. Thanks for addressing the issue! Oh, wait.
Good food BAD service unless your Korean you might get treated good. Don't recommend this place.
$16.75 for beef chow fun. $5.95 for chinese seaweed.. Geez... I was half expecting wagyu beef and gold flakes on my noodles. I have been to high end restaurants and seen high prices but I am not sure how they can justify these prices :P
This is the nicest store I've ever seen in terms of displays, product and gaming area.  The owners are friendly, experienced players who are always willing to help. The prices for cards and playing are extremely competitive.   We are really lucky that such a great LGS moved into our area.  Jim G
Great place! Had a party of 9 a very good place, enthusiastic waiter, food was great. The way the dessert menu is brought out so you see exactly what it's gonna look like before you get it.
What a fantastic place! The shell to the pasty's is so flaky and yummy, reminiscent of quiche, and the plethora of choices is to die for!
Great Food, Great Service,,and the prices are low,,,I enjoy eating breakfast here,,the waitress are very friendly,,,thanks..
This is what I consider the old style taqueria, a hole in the wall place that shows its age.  The food was ok, the service was good, but it just leaves you longing for more.  A remodel, or even an investment on some paint and new furniture would go a long way.
I loved it! What a place! This is the first Chinese restaurant I've ordered from in Tempe that actually has respectable food. This will always be my first choice for delivery. The vegetables taste fresh and delicious, the chicken has just the right amount of sauce, and the rice portions are perfect as always.
Good thing they deliver because this is the only reason we have ordered from them. We had pork eggrolls that lacked flavor and was kind of mushy on texture. Chicken lomein was not at all good. The lemon chicken had a chemically taste. The fried rice wasn't horrible, but not that great.
not really what i expected. i guess i expected new york style pizza which is not what this is. also they don't sell just slices, only pies. we got a cheese and a white pie. it was just ok.
first ever bad experience here & it was all about the check in process & rooms not ready. they made us wait indefinitely & the first ever RUDE experience with check in staff. won't be coming back but it used to be cool here :(
Just saw the Sexy Sheena Easton in the South Piont show room. My  sugar walls will never be the same. Every seat is a great seat. Had a great  time.
Only stopped in for one drink towards the end of the night. The band was breaking down the equipment and interacting with the crowd quite a bit. Drink was strong.\n\n(Ambiance profile needs to be updated...this place is far from Hipster...as are most things in Scottsdale)
Been here probably a dozen times and it never disappoints!  Besides the ramen, the gyoza and the fried rice are great too!!!!
Worst service from a bartender in the history of my experiences here in Las Vegas. Bartender was busy dealing with her issues,  personal or work related,  does not excuse such poor service. The cook delivered our food, refilled our waters, and dropped off our check....never coming back here again.
Newly remodled Best Buy.  It is nice but seems like it wasted a lot of space when they did.  They only seem to have 2 registers as well, and they are poorly placed.  Otherwise, it is a Best Buy and prices are good and service is alright.
I love my coffee but I HATE the wait here. Inside or the drive-thru, it seems like the baristas take their sweet time & don't care that some of us have been waiting 15-20 min in the lines. MAKE IT SNAPPY! ;]
Great views of the strip! but thats about it. Very small dance floor, long lines, and expensive drinks. Luckily I didn't have to pay cover, if I did, I would have only given it two stars.
Had this for lunch one day before work - bad move. I was totally useless all afternoon as I felt like I had a brick of acid eating away at my stomach lining.
Went here last weekend for my birthday dinner- the chicken quesadilla and duck tacos with blue corn tortillas were good. The lime margarita tasted like pure lime, but the cactus pear margarita was very good.
My wife and I love this place.  The Modern Life dealer, who has 3 booths is probably our favorite in the bunch, however we have found a lot of great mid century modern pieces here at great prices.
Food here was OK, but the service was AWFUL. We waited a full hour from when we arrived until our first drink order came, then didn't get a food order in for half an hour. I recommend any other place at MGM instead.
Best. Vegan. Donuts. Ever. \n\nConsidering a vacation was basically focused around flying to LV just for the sheet aspect of experiencing Ronald's... I would happily do it all over again.
Just not very good but inexpensive. Basically its like a fast food place that you sit down at. There are LOTS better places down town, I would check any of those out over this place. Servers are not friendly so if you are looking for that, this isn't the place. Food did come quickly though, which was nice.
Not the Greek Salad I am used to from Mellow Mushroom. Stingy on olives and other veggies. I ordered a full salad and only received one container of dressing. Parking is the pits.
The slowest drive thru I have ever experienced. I got in line at 11:20, it's now 11:50 and I haven't even made it to the speaker to take my order. Only 6 cars ahead of me! Ridiculous. People seem friendly but are either short staffed or not very good at their jobs.
If you are on a low-carb diet you can order the saiman without noodles and with veggies instead. I think I was charged around ~$4. They gave me bean sprouts and napa. Also still had the roast pork with it. Still a decent serving size and was pretty filling.
For the price this is the best restaurant in the MGM and surrounding hotels. The fish and chips is ousts ding, and the service is spot on! Everyone is extremely friendly!!! I would highly recommend this place
Okay, why does this restaurant have high reviews?\n\nThe pizza was so-so and the rigatoni was just mediocre and the lasagna was horrible and dry. The only thing that was pleasant were our kind waiter Gerald(?)\n\nI dont think ill return.
Love this place!   Great amatmosphere to hang out to have a drink or watch a game.  The food is good too, an extensive menu for a sports bar.  Pretty much something for everyone.
The curry chicken sandwich is great! Fresh food and a great choice for lunch.
Maybe best sushi buffet in Madison. But not so good I think.
Cool manager (shaved head). Good food, quick friendly service.
The cheese selection leaves something to be desired.\nThe bakery/bread area is quite nice and usually well-stocked.\nTheir cashiers know what they're doing.\nThe lack of a real meat-department-counter is disappointing.\nThe store is usually neat and tidy.
my fiance got a groupon for this place so we try it out one day, the food was ok , the service wasn't too bad, there tilapia fish  dish was tasty, other then that i really don't have much to say bout this place.
Just bought a few ounces of silver. They definitely have the best spot prices in the area
Good pizza place. Fast delivery. Tasted fresh and hot. The \"Italian special\" with garlic, artichoke, tomatoes, pepperoni and sausage was great. Glad I found this place.
Great staff and they're more than willing to make any customized drink at your request.
Very good sandwiches bagels and desserts Will be back.
I've had much better. Keep looking, FUEL not food.
Absolutely terrible. Rude hostess set the tone. Waitress was too busy texting on her phone to bother for refills. Cold fries to cold with the wrong sandwich but waitress never came back to check on us.  What a waste of $84.
One of my party members food  came out cold my rigatoni pasta was just ok. The lobster and shrimp ravioli was good I liked that a lot. My server came back from break smelling like cigarettes. To sum it all up it was ok
I love Dlish, it is one of my favorite healthy spots to eat. So grateful to have healthy and delicious restaurants like this, with also super amazing and friendly staff. Thanks Dlish, and keep up the amazing work!!!
Typical Applebee's which is no way a bad thing. We love coming here for the cheap margaritas during happy hour. The wings are not bad either.
I was recently invited by Rubios to celebrate the return of their delicious enchilada's; wow! Thank you for bringing them back. The sauce is what got me hooked. Tip: get a side of the red enchilada sauce to enjoy it with your chips.... Yum!
One of the biggest waste of money ever! Downtown sucks! Let us not revive it Mayor Goodman. Sometimes, you just have to let go of the past. The Las Vegas Strip did.
If there is one word I can use to describe this place, it would be:\n\nMeh\n\nVariety of pizza wasn't bad, but good god how can they charge so much for salad?!  I think once in a blue moon is good enough for this place.
Lu took such incredible precision to create the gel manicure I requested. I've never had a manicurist have such great attention to detail.  She's fantastic and has earned my continued business!  Thanks Lu!
We had the prime rib sandwich and chicken ceasar salad. Everything was greasy and overpriced. Would not recommend.
What can I say breakfast is breakfast nothing special. The wait to get seated takes forever and so does the food. My one star is for the Orange juice. Very good. But everything else was mediocre. Service was decent.
Slowest service, decent smoothies. Expect to use your whole 30 min lunch waiting for a smoothie. There must be two people working here
Really not a fan. I took some friends who really wanted to go even though I tried to talk them out of it. The food is just ok. But the service was/is just really slow and rude. Tourists can have this one.
It was almost impossible for me not to stop here on the cab ride back from old town for carne asada fries.mmmm sooo good! I really only went there between the hours of 2-4am but, los betos never let me down.
Very pleasantly surprised for delivery! The lettuce wraps, coco soup and spicy flat noodles...all were excellent! Great flavor, freshness and heat! Medium spicy flat noodles were really quite hot. So happy to find great Thai food that delivers! Will definitely order again or dine in soon!
Fast. Open until 3am on bar nights. Perfect break from the library. Lots of seating. Way more options than Chipotle. Yum.
The noodle soup I ordered was salty and only had 3 shrimps and a few squids in a so-called seafood Tom yum soup. It was bad and way overpriced. Would never come back
Possibly the best bacon cheeseburger I have had this decade! Nice cool Blue Moon beer on draft to wash it down.  Restaurant was clean.  Wait staff effecient and courteous.
Iced coffee?  Perfect.  Banana walnut pancakes?  To die for.  \n\nI can't wait until I'm living in the area so I can eat this all the time and get as big as a house.
We ordered a tres leches cake for my daughters birthday party and we were disappointed.  It looked pretty but it was too soggy.  We won't order that kind of cake again.
Great pub grub. Good sandwiches for everyone including vegans (i.e. me) - the Lonestar - without the coleslaw.
Went here for thanksgiving dinner.\n\nAmbiance was not good.  In a strip mall.  Not great service.\n\nLots better in Las Vegas.
bonne Poutine a la viande! Excellents prix menu midi! J'ai bien aim\u00e9 aussi la terrasse au soleil. Je reviendrai.
A bit dated but for its age there is no neglect.  I've been in larger chain restaurants that were not as tidy as Blueberry Hill Family Restaurant hereto referred as Blueberry Hill.
Good place if you like an older crowd (60 and up). The redzone and tgif's were my favorite spots. The buffet was good..
The chai latte was good, but no WiFi?   Probably a good place to chat it up with friends.  Unfortuneately since the chairs are hard and the WiFi disconnected, it doesn't meet my needs.  Not likely to return.
NCounter is still here and still awesome. After initially being nervous about it's well being I feel comfortable giving it the big five stars and a lot of my love. I have been here a ton of times since discovering it and have had nothing but good experiences, NCounter is my favorite breakfast spot.
Ordered a medium pizza and Howie bread both of which were under cooked. I also ordered 1 pizza sauce and 3 garlic sauces. I got 4 pizza sauces..... I will give them credit as they came back out and delivered the garlic sauce after I called obviously greatly appreciated
If you can't fall asleep after too much Vegas stimulation, just look at the tired atmosphere around this place and you'll be nodding off in no time.  Good news is it's attached to Aria and very close to MGM Grand and New York New York
This trip wasn't as bad. Minus the heard of children ripping tags off things, collecting them, and throwing them on the floor. Again, while parents pay no regard to what their gremlins are doing
Very good fresh sushi! This place restored my faith in AZ sushi houses, the only thing that's preventing me from giving them 5 stars is their rolls aren't bite sized.  Will definitely become a regular here :)
Went to the soft open and loved the experience! Great portions, excellent atmosphere, knowledgable wait staff, beautiful space! Had the wood fired octopus ( perfectly cooked and seasoned) and the lobster Mac n cheese ( I died and went to heaven)! I'll be back!
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS....\n\ni loved the outdoor lounge area..\n\n\nDEFINITELY COMING BACK.
Very knowledgeable staff.  They make all their eJuice to order in house fresh!   Lots of flavors and can make the eLiquid in any Nic level.   Very spacious store.
$8 for a grilled cheese? Sure, if it was fantastic.  But at Ruby's, the grilled cheese is just okay.  Service is mediocre at best.  I was told twice to go to a different register before someone finally took my order.
Brussels Sprouts never tasted so good.  The place is tops for ambiance and good Irish comfort food.  The perfect place when you want to visit Mill Ave but don't want to deal with the college debauchery.
Great food! Nice staff.
Great service quality work . Shaded waiting area with cooler . Cheapest price in town.
preatty good food, not tooo expensive but they give reallly good portion size of food. fast and it look clean kitchen, and the staff were helpfull.
Okay So I am new to yelp but I am giving props to places I consistently go to and Carlos O'Briens has been a favorite of our family for a while. The food is always good and the service has been tremendous and our kids enjoy going there which is a big plus+...Keep up the good work!
We love this store. It is an artists haven and I have a little artist on my hands. From making tshirts, drawing, painting, creating wreathes, and baking, this is always the place we come to.
Love BevMo's 5 cent wine sale! And now it is all the time and you can even mix and match. What a great way to try new wines! \nI only wish this store was larger. The one at Tempe Marketplace is bigger and had a better selection, but it farther away for me.
Just horrible. Service was slow and the sushi cheap and not very fresh. The Crispy Spicy Tuna had been sitting and was too deep fried. Gross.
overpriced, ceviche was decent, guacamole was good- also had chicken quesadillas which literally tasted like they had chicken in them from McDonald's (so gross!!!!)
Mixed menu with Italian and Mediterranean. Good outside terrace great for people watching in the Summer. Food is fair and prices are reasonable.
We stopped in for a drink after dinner at Flower Child tonight.  A friendly, local crowd was in this casual bar/restaurant.  We sat at the bar to watch preseason football and enjoy a beer.  The bartender was busy and not very engaging, but we weren't really looking to chat her up anyway.  Overall, a good experience!
Not good at all go to the Wynn buffet instead\n\n\nSave your money
If you need a replacement card..save yourself the time and go to the Buffalo location.  Wasted 45 Minutes here.  Put that on your memo board!
Loved the decor wine somalier and manager were very nice. Food was mediocre at best. Did like the med appetizer. Pizza had no flavor. Salad was drab too.
Food is pretty good but service is not good at all. I went for lunch and didn't order the buffett - the staff acted all put out by that, and when I tried to order a dessert off the menu they said they'd check and see if they had it. It was OK but nothing special.
Like any Mills outlet, it's cheap and ghetto. Yeah you can find some good deals but is it worth it to deal with an ugly looking horrible crowd? Save a few extra bucks and go to Fashion Square.
Like Ians, I just don't get this place. The service at times is surly and confusing.  The pizza is extremely cheap and quite good. They have a wide selection of after-bar fried foods.  Otherwise there isn't anything very exciting about Pizza Di Roma.
Sometimes Im not feeling the whole faux meat thing... my standard order is the veggie cheese-steak (sans the fake meat). Its a delicious juicy hot sub with all the peppers (sweet and hot, mushrooms, cheese, and lettuce/tomato.\nYum!
This bar is always busy on the weekends and I have no idea why. There's a cover to get in, the staff is cocky, and the drink prices are insane I got charged $12 for a loaded beer. Never again!
Food was ok, service was horrible.  Food took forever, orders didn't come out together. Drinks took forever and couldn't even get them right. Bill was incorrect and took forever to fix.  They treat you like a friend who is irritating them, not customers. Sad, because it's so close to home.
The staff was very rude and unhelpful. They did not answer any of my questions directly and did not treat me with kindness and respect. Definitely never coming here again.
I went there about an hour ago and i was happy with my results. I got amazing costumer service and the workers are very nice. The food is delicious and I'm actually eating some right now...yummy!
Wonderful place--charming atmosphere, if a tiny bit noisy--great service and the food was divine. I had an arugula and beet grilled cheese and the house ale. My kids 13 and 16 years old also loved it. Very reasonable prices too. Highly recommended!
I like the variety and atmosphere of Barriques. It's one of my favorite places to hang out, especially with a fire in the fireplace. On the negative side, I have had better food and coffee elsewhere, but all told, Barriques has some wonderful offerings.
This place is great. Honest, fast, and always busy, but worth it. Billy is always a cool guy.
Service not great.  Bar area is not user friendly.
Go to this McDonalds just cause its next to work.  Service is slow...  everyone seems like they don't want to work there.  Even the supervisor doesn't even want to take orders.  Hashbrown taste like a filot fish.  Even drive-thru takes forever.
They're very kind and helpful here. It's affordable and so much fun! I did aerial yoga here and there were only six girls so the instructor was able to give students undivided attention. You'll get a good workout too!
Walked in starving for a good sandwhich and some soup.  Menu was so unoriginal hubub and I walked out and went to Paradise across the way, which isn't all that great either.\n\nNothing special here.
I get coffee and the Devils mess. It's spicy and fresh. The food is all fresh with free WiFi. Atmosphere is excellent for getting work done in the morning. A bit pricey but high quality food with excellent service and a full bar!
Was not impressed at all with the Red enchiladas. The food was cold, highly upset with this place. Never coming back to this restaurant
Fantastic food, service and surroundings and lived up to eggspectations \nEggcellent value for money.
Very nice octogenarian who was wholly unable to correctly prescribe new glasses. \n\nI would not recommend this business.   I gave him two stars because he is a very nice gentleman.
I miss all of you and wish I could still make your sushi!!! I wish of you the best at Sin City and Haoli Makahiki Hou!!!\nAloha,\nKen
Showmars is always good. Love their gyros.
Its definatly a hole in the wall kind of place but food is yummy but it is a  BYOB kind of place
Great food!  Service was quick and staff was nice!  Very authentic mexican food and some of the best tamales I've had!  Definitely try the green tamales!
These guys make a pretty good pizza. The crust is like a butter flake pastry, so delicious. Pepi's is better know for their subs, it's a must try.
Just had a small early brunch here.  Almost deserted for some reason.  But the food was very good.  Good service too.  Decor is traditional, but felt maybe a little out dated.
I did not have the nightmare experience that everyone else seemed to have.  Got my car in pretty quick fashion, and dropped it off with no problems.  Had a receipt for the gas since everyone warned me about that.  Dumb rule for sure, but didn't affect me.  Just another car rental for me...
I've been going to Lani for a while and she is always laughing and smiling. She makes you feel comfortable right away. She has great prices and you can tell she cares a lot. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
two appetizers and two entrees,  both way, way under par for thomas keller.  we went after absolutely loving every bite at the french laundry, love bouchon bakery too but went here for dinner and were both sadly disappointed.  will not be returning, nothing special about the waiter either.
One of the best Steakhouses, always consistent. Great food and service. You can people watch at the bar
was so glad to try this place even with the uneven reviews. our server craig looked like mario batali. the service was wonderful. the food was amazing. the green chile cioppino was exciting and tasty. this was a vegas worthy dining experience for us. we would come here again.
Completely different than I thought. They make u feel veey at home like a true neighborhood bar & grill. Delicioua food but a little pricey.
This has to be one of the worst buffet I have had. Food was either too cold or too salty.  \n\nWait time : 1/5\nFood : 1/5\nService : 3/5
I am not even gonna start with this place because it's a fucking shit show
Great place to go for happy hour before a game at Jobing.com.  Nice selection of beers and appetizers, all reasonably priced.  Attentive service.  I'll be back again for sure.
We had some computer bugs at our restaurant. Granite was all over it. Wonderful speedy service.
Who wouldn't want to eat at a place called the Pink Pony?!  Very dated-looking on the inside.  Think 1960's supper club.  Still, they don't disappoint in the meat department.  Great steaks!
Not the best but,it'll do
I absolutely love the bagels and cream cheese here, best bagels I have had... to the point where I miss this place when I get bagels out of town. Every time I stray from the simple bagel I seem to be a bit disappointed, but the bagels themselves are worth the 4 star review.
I'm not a mall person but this mall is doable. It's clean, has plenty of parking and a good number of anchoring department stores. Lots of kids and families here.
Love this little town. The Chapel is open to the public. Great place to take guests then a trip to the lake after. There are not too many people so not as touristy as some of the other ghost towns. Views of the Superstition and Goldfield mountains are awesome.
The veggies were fresh. \nThe deep fried shrimp were akin to eating cake-covered shrimp, and were not good. \nThe sauce was sticky and too sweet. \nIck...
The manager here is very rude. Did not want to rectify issues of honesty or quality. The customer is definitely not first with this establishment.
It's a typical TJMaxx.  You can get really lucky sometimes and find a really great deal.\n\nThe best thing about this store is that it's a few stores away from Ross.
My hubby and I LOVE this coffee shop!! Their coffee is delicious and so is their coffee cake. It's a big plus that they are vegan. Not too many places here are. Nice change from your typical Starbucks.
Who knew healthy food could be so tasty too!
Hhmmm, rushed to the gym after work to find out that the class schedule on the website is completely different than the schedule in the gym?!?!  A word of advice....update your website!
Great Hotel, staff is friendly. Shuttle to airport. Not on strip if that is what you are looking for though.
The owner and his wife are delightful and very helpful. \n\nThey can provide literature that helps increase your understanding of various supplements and conditions. \n\nThe prices seem reasonable and the selection is impressive!
I got a burnt fish. Thanks for the lunch tho. It was great eating burnt fish... On a date...
I am still at the restaurant and needed to say what a nice experience for sushi buffet. Everyone is friendly and food is top notch. \n\nI travel a lot for work and this is one of the top places I have been for everything i need in a restaurant. Quick, inexpensive, good quality food that is healthy.
This place was really good.  Came for lunch, got a chicken bento and beef gyoza for about 15 bucks... Talented chefs with quality food, and good service.  I can definitely recommend it.
Love love love! This place has the freshest food around. I mostly get take out, which actually makes two meals for me, but I like eating there also. The restaurant is really clean and the staff is friendly.
hands down massage! its cheap too...$20 and tip...staff friendly...cozy place...recommend for a short and relaxing massage. ..
Great food, great service, great experience.  Nice job guys!
Very modern setting in the Crystals shopping mall in City Center.  Did not try the pizza but the eggplant parm was excellent.  The starter of Calamari was perfectly cooked and very tender, served with Ailoi instead of the usual red sauce, a nice change.
Yum! Great little find just outside of the city....especially if you are Chicago dog fan
Gross my roomate brought this home one night. I would never recommend peter to anyone!\n\nIt is cheap and discusting! Parents who feed their children this should be jailed for child abuse.
Room is amazing and HUGE.  really clean as well.  they take good care of the property.  gaming area is very tight, and slots SOOOO close together.  very crammed when crowded.  good selection of slots tho!  i didn't stay here, just got to see the room.  very impressed.
Very pricey dinner menu, but I couldn't get a simple salad with a vinegarette dressing. Drinks are over priced without any flair. The carne plate, supposed to be their signature dish had much room for improvement. I had high expectations for my first time at this place, but was definitely disappointed!
Like a little sam's club but less crowded and more options to buy things. Like a grocery store/costco in one! Love this store
Ok, not a bad place at all.  I usually stick to appetizers. The portions  are large and enough  for 2 to share.  Fairly fast service and decent prices.
This location has had no hot tea other than \"passion fruit\" for the past two weeks. They claim they are switching to a different brand, but every other location I visit has what I want. This is just the one closest to my house.  This seems to be poorly managed.
I ordered a Santa Fe burger it was delicious & the chili cheese fries were ridiculous lol very cute place, it was a little warm in there but other then that it was awesome. Defiantly will be back
Good place to stay if you are on the corporate dime and they won't let you stay at the Four Seasons...okay, this is really several tiers below the FS but I try to tell myself otherwise...at least the pool is epic.
UPDATE:\n\nThey are closed down. Probably for good. I went down there, on Sunday, & the sign at the window said they didn't pay the rent for the building. So, it might be gone now.
Another over rated and over priced burger place, dry wagyu burger...what a shame, ordered it medium rare and was over cooked to medium well..
Wow!  Came back here last night to see ATB perform for his 1 month residency.  The show did not disappoint.  Freaking amazing music!  Danced until my shirt was soaked through.  Disgusting but whatever, it was so much fun!!
I LOVE THIS PLACE. My second review, yes--but I wanted to see if I could add a sixth star. Came back here three more times, and every single time the owner has come out and talked to me. He's such a great guy and totally boosts this place. GO GO GO.
I love going to Target. This store is laid out real funny. Dont like that very much. But every employee that I have encountered here has been very helpful.
I like it.. I should go there this weekend and blow money I should be saving. \n\nSee ya there?
In a land of endless Chipotle and Red Lobster locations the Cornish Pasty Co is a true GEM! I stopped here while traveling for work from the Pacific NW and then it was well worth the hype (and the wait!)  I ordered the Greek Veggie Pasty and Curried potatoes my meal was sheer perfection!
I've been here SO many times. The tortas are SO good. The ceviche tostadas that $.99 are SO good. Love this place!
This place has delicious, authentic, Japanese ramen! The gyoza are delicious. I always get the pork ramen (tonkatsu)... A bowl of happiness :) I have yet to try their sushi or teriyaki,  but it looks so good. It is always full of happy customers! I love Musashi!
Coffee tastes great, but takes forever in the drive thru!!!!! Sitting here for just under 30 min already, just ordered at speaker. Still waiting to get my drink. WOW
They know what they are talking about and very knowledgable and helpful!!
I,m from New York this is not pizza!
Had so much fun! I've been to the one in San Antonio and I have to say Vegas wins!!\nVery good mix of music!!!! Easy to get drinks! And the ladies rock!!!!
The eggplant was great! The flavor was closed with my hometown tastes (even am from Indonesia :) ). I would like to go back to try other menu!
I order food for delivery at my hotel. I got the chicken carbonara.  It came with salad and toast it was the BOMB. It was delivered piping hot and it was a lot of food I ordered he individual size and its enough for two people.  I also got slice of strawberry cheesecake.
Found these guys using Bing. My iPhone home button was unresponsive. Brought it in and less than 30 minutes I was up and running. Brand new home button installed. Works better now than it did when it was new.
Indeed, the best doughnuts in Vegas...and they're vegan! I love their apple fritter, bear claw, tiger tail and cream-filled. They only take cash but the owners are there everyday - very nice people.
You have to try the same juice and the angel hair pasta! So good! Best local lounge to hang out at.
This Crazy Mocha is very handy 'cos it's right across the street from work.  They have wonderful coffee here.  Too bad they're not open later than 6pm.  Worth it if you need a quick cup after work, but if you want to hang out awhile, go to the one down the street in the Cultural District.
What a disapointment. I dropped off my car and picked it up with new damage. I would absolutely not recommend this shop.
The food came out quick. I recommend the chicken quesadilla plate.
Best dentist in town! Great office and staff. You feel right at home.
Nothing special. Kind of a half-assed attempt to some reason mix Italian with a diner. The food is just okay, nothing stands out at all that would distinguish it from anywhere else. You can find better around here, especially for the price.
For 2 lunches and 1 share appetiser with tip $50. I think it was ridicules. Taco's are small,soaggi,anautentic,nothing to remember about
Dr. Hui was great! He's such a nice doctor and took the time to answer all of my questions. He didn't try to rush me out of the exam room. I will definitely go back to see him when my prescription expires next year!
I just hate the lines at Walmart and it takes for ever to get in and out of this place. Need to open up more registers.
I was here after it opened and it was great. The noodles were some of the best I'd had (thin like pho noodles but ramen recipe). Today it was garbage. The noodles are just average and the chashu had a funny taste. I won't be back.
I might try again, The beef cakes were just ok for me. The service wasnt very friendly.
Decent food but very very expensive. Try the south Indian food - very good stuff, avoid dosa.
Worst nail salon in Summerlin. Do not go here. They will tell you they can do what you want and then they don't do it and try to charge your more than quoted. This place is a joke.
Went for happy hour last year... Terrible drinks and crabby bartender. Will likely never go back.
its a good quick breakfast place. you cant beat their breakfast special.
A lovely statue, with a wonderful slice of history behind it. The story of Bobby is easy enough to find on the web, but if you visit Edinburgh, you really should try and see him.
What was once a great place for a tasteful meal has deteriated to yet another sub par strip mall tenante with lackluster food and inept service.
Live band playing while you grab a drink , that sounds like a really good deal
The barbecue was good but not great. They do have a nice selection of barbecue sauces. The complimentary kettle chips were a nice touch. On the plus side, the food came lightning fast.
Great beer and food.  Service was the low point.  Our server, chad i believe, seemed to prefer spending his time congregating at the end of the bar with the other servers.
Husband enjoyed his seafood pasta alright and our waitress was very sweet. But I was sad that my \"medium-rare\" filet was very much over cooked and dry. Disappointed for a $40 steak.
I usually really like pita jungle but this location seems to be poorly run. Plenty of empty tables but the food took forever and they claimed the kitchen was backed up. Stems on grapes in the salad. Graffiti in the bathroom. Disappointed.
Such a beautiful location!! Created our own cheese and meat board..,. Made for a great evening sitting outside enjoying the company of friends.., definitely will be back!
Third time here and still a huge fan. Would be 5 stars but the sangria was awful, watered down and just plain blah. The Calamari was under cooked as well. Server again was Rhys and he as always was very helpful.
Considering we are in vegas, this is cheap food for a moderate price.  Maybe I should have gone to the Panda across the way, at least then I'd get something I expect.   The teriyaki beef was dry and towards the crunchy side.  The rice seemed like it was steamed and all the moisture was taken out.
Gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains. \n\nOtherwise, not all that impressed with this place. If memory serves me correctly, there were a bunch of girls in strange masks and feather-dusters dusting people, which was odd.
Excellent food. Friendly staff that will help you with the menu. Venezuelan food is very good.
Beware! This place was taken over by MGM recently and is no longer a real brew pub. Draft and bottled beer, and run-of-the-mill menu. It's really no different than a Chili's. Such a disappointment from what it used to be.
All I gotta say is.....YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!!!!!!  =)
Pretty good food here, but the service is a little slow. I still recommend eating here if you handle the slow service.
I Love this studio!! The teachers are awesome. The room is hot and humid, perfect for my practice. Also, when I have gone on Wednesday nights there has been an acupuncturist giving affordable treatments. \n\nI am so grateful for this studio and the owner rocks!!
I will Samantha. I just would like to know if you do have donuts or the old spelling doughnuts. Lol. I will try your pastries this weekend.
I love this place. Great beer, great prices and their food is pretty good too. I always make a pit stop here when I am in Downtown. Great for Happy Hour too!!
The floral scented O2 they pump into the casino is better than the bold coffee scent Aria pumps into theirs. 4 stars. Rooms are more posh too.
best thai in vegas hands down...perfect whole in the wall in a ugly strip mall with amazing food...cant go wrong here if you like thai food
good for that quick get togeather with the girls ..
Great waffles! Try the naked ones. I got some frozen ones too. They are decent, but as expected not as great as the fresh ones.
Hubby and I were super excited to check out this place but close to 1hr later and our food order is no show! Did I mentioned this is our second visit? Yup first visit they had no Vietnamese sandwich bread? Come on making it super hard to give good rating :(
Loved the service I received from Ve, and the hygienic inserts in the pedi spas are wonderful!
\"It's a chain. It's fondue. BUT perfect for the right occasion. I would give it 4 stars for groups or first dates. You get to cook your food so it is interactive giving you something other than your nerves to focus on. Pretty pricey however.\"
Food is absolutely over priced. This is Henderson not the strip. If your going to charge this much, make sure its worth it.
Great place for some morning coffee n food! Nice view when sitting outside and convenient place to meet n talk w friends! Get there before the 9am morning rush and your bagels will be ready in a snap and no lines to wait in! What else can I say it's Einstein Bagels! They have awesome bagels n spreads!
Same Starbucks menu forget the relaxing atmosphere ! It part of the new cruelty to wait as the staff looks up what your order means...  How can you'd screw up an orange refresher? Total bust!
Good food, horrible customer service. I continue to give them business because it's close to work but otherwise I wouldn't bother. Nothing like being treated crappy while spending your hard earned money. Several of my co-workers have had the same experience.
CLOSED! Out of business
The sales team worked with me to trade a car that needed work and put me into the car I always wanted for a price I could afford.  Talk to Jeff and Dom they are Awesome!
Amazing food and amazing service. Try the skinny margarita. It's amazing. :)
The food sucks and so does the service beware of the old Asian lady Linda she is the worst! Super attitude and can barely even speak! Avoid this place at all costs it's not worth your money or disappointment! Just say no
The most unusual hot dogs... all with an Asian fusion flair!  If you are searching for something different, try this.  I loved the Angry Kimchi Fries!
Had some shirts embroidered & silkscreened, took them less than 2 days for 8 shirts... not too bad! They came out really nice. I posted a pic under Tips & I'd recommend checking it out.
So much love for Cupkates, we have used them for our son's birthday party and just for fun! Delicious, super cute & just the right size!
This restaurant really should not exist. The waiter has made a ton of mistakes and the food takes forever to come out.
I enjoyed the swanky new look. The ahi tuna was amazing! I ordered the 11 oz sirloin, it was worth every penny. The waiter Timothy was very attentive and filled our drinks before we even asked. My wife enjoyed our dinner as much as I did.
The pizza is always great here and the servers are quick. Great bar with even better food!
The bread is the only thing delicious here. Service was poor,, Cesar Salad taste rotten!! Fettuccine chicken was bland!
Dr. Woodbury and his team are THE BEST!!!  I have been cared for--and I do mean cared for in the very best sense--by Katie and Dr. Woodbury for many years.  I always recommend them to my friends who then become loyal patients.
This place has the special combination of spirit and good food. Great ingredients prepared very well and delivered with gusto . The place is also relaxed and conducive to casual chat and meeting new people. Will return another day.
The decor is awesome! The music, ehh..I don't know if it was just a bad night but it was weird random stuff..I will go back though and give it another try :)
The food's great here. But bike, walk or come on the bus, there is little or no parking around the restaurant. When they get busy, expect slow service.
I leave it for them to do.\n\nGreat folks. Great service. Fair prices. Can't ask for more!
Great atmosphere to watch any sport, cool open patio, awesome location. Food was decent had the Cajun Wings and the Coconut Chicken. Worth going to and I will be returning!!
This place was great until they simplified their menu. Still authentic and pretty good, but I miss the platas.
Not a good place to eat. Terrible service. The place is dirty as hell. I will not be back to this restaurant. Over rated. One star for me. Very disappointed....
My wife and I go here pretty regularly. Sure its a large chain restaurant, but their Steak Fajitas and Queso are always great and the quality is pretty reliable. I've always had good luck with the service as well.
Soon as you walk in the place smells, bathrooms smell. Food is nothing special not worth going to loaded with soy and Blane tasting. Good service, nice staff and decent looking place
Don't go here. The drinks are watered down, the prices are outrageous and the food is mediocre with tiny portions. Service is also nothing to rave about.
Enliven your taste buds with a trip to Teavana.  The new Kierland store is a pleasure to shop, the smell of tea leaves and flower petals in the air, the colorful displays of tea utensils all provide a happy break from the mundane.
it's the best pizza I've ever eaten. Yes, it's a bit pricey, long waits, blah blah blah. Don't care. I love you.
Breakfast was fine until I saw a waiter step behind a booth to pick his nose before continuing his food delivery. Call me old fashioned, but I prefer to think a good pick should be followed by a good hand wash.
Very good Greek food. Very pleasant staff. One of our favorite places. Good Fast food.
We stopped in here after a long day of shopping on the strip.  The food was great, but the service was WONDERFUL!!!  The waiters/waitresses are very personable and will bend over backwards to make you happy.  I would definitely go back.
Very vegan friendly restaurant!  Everything is healthy and delicious and full of beautiful spices.  The pumpkin soup is especially outstanding.
Got a salad, with a dead mosquito body in it. Very disgusting.\nWouldn't go back. Lettuce and vegetables should be washed several times before served to people to consume.
it's a typical deli/diner... but today i tried the chicken salad... and i do like the pineapple and almonds in the salad... slight bit of sweetness, moist, and smooth!  :)
One of the few places in Charlotte where you can see an indie or foreign film They serve wine which is a plus! The seating is comfy and the crowd is mature, no noisy teenagers on a Friday night!
A hahaha haaa...this place is such a joke and the people there are so serious about being cool.
Been going to Ross J's for over 10 years and everything I've tried there is delicious. My personal fav is spicy Korean chicken and meat jun. The meat jun sauce is crazy good! Ross J's never disappoints!!
This place rocks! Best Sicilian style pizza in Las Vegas by far. Get the naked city and add meatballs. Meatballs and sausage are made in house and you will be able to tell immediately. Hardcore!!! Slayer on juke box while writing this!!
I hated our terminal.  We were flying out of Southwest and were Gate C I believe.  There was only 1 bathroom within the whole area, and not many food options.  But I have flown out of Phoenix plenty of times and it has been better in other terminals.
Its SO bad! I dont know what kind of LSD the other reviewers were on (obviously the GOOD stuff) but seriously its THAT bad. Stay away!
A comprehensive vegan menu with appetizers, entr\u00e9es, and a desert. The food was great and the servers were very helpful and friendly. A must visit for vegans in Vegas.
I used to go to this place weekly in 2006 and found the food to be excellent.  Went there yesterday before my flight and was severely disappointed even after ordering 5 different items.  I don't know if my taste buds have matured or if they have changed cooks.
We ordered pulled chicken, brisket, baked beans, coleslaw, and mac & cheese.  All of food was pretty bland and the brisket was dry.
They use cheap meat. Ends up being chewy and not edible. Not worth the money they charge.
Great food great atmosphere and great service from Sally had the ahi burger it was amazing
Tried a couple years and & thought we would give it another try. The service & Service was incredibly slow!  Food was below average.  Won't be returning again.
Very rude girls working here ! Then We got served dry chicken and greasy biscuits  food was really gross, will never ever return to this or any other churches!!!
Stadium is good setup for multiple events. \nConcessions are easily accessible.
Great place to stop by after work for some GREAT cocktails.\nMake sure to see George, he makes the best mojito's and a good mule.
I have had a good experience at this location. The manager is very attentive and quick to solve any issues that arise.
Great pub for grabbing a couple brews. The barkeeps are friendly, and the atmosphere is warm, dark and familiar - everything you want a pub to be.
Could be the most inefficient operation.  They had one guy moving cars and four other guys standing around. Took over an hour to get a wash, and that included no vacuum as well.
Chris Angle show is SUCK. Simple tricks and a lot of talking. Don't waste your money on that. The hotel elevator is horrible. However, Jabbawockeez show was good so 3 stars for them and free room.
Eww! This place feels gross to me. The staff is friendly but the table was sticky and the drink (yes drink not drinks because I wasn't wasting calories on a crappy cocktail) was weak. Blah all cocktail juice, no alcohol. I won't be returning.
Horrible service and rude employees!! Sadly this is one of my few consistent lunch options, so it will have to do... Employees are rude, on their phones, and don't care. Also the kitchen closes when they see fit, so tough stuff if you want a wrap around the end of the night
Big big fan of this place!!!!! We had an amazing dinner last night, love the way the restaurant is set up... They have different station for chefs. Everything we ordered was delicious.....
Impressed with the service and freshness of the food. I had the pastrami sandwich with a side of braised cabbage. Excellent!
I've been training with Brian for about 6 weeks.  So far, I've lost 10 pounds and am so much more toned.  My workouts are never the same.  I feel better than I have in a long time and I actually enjoy working out now!
The sushi here is not bad, but not great. Service is also up to par. Sushi rock pails in comparison, however, to nearby restaurants, that have much better quality sushi, and hover around the same price. Though I may come here again for Korean food, I will not be returning for sushi.
First Watch is good for a light breakfast as they really don't pile on the food.  The food is good though and the service is good too.
This was a wonderful place with great bartenders and live music. We will be coming back for sure.
Went with a party of 8, everything we ordered was hard to swallow.  Luckily we were all starving.
Took 20 mins to get an appetizer... then the waiter brought me a bud light when I asked twice for a Budweiser... salsa taste like water and they're nachos were regular cheese half ass melted on chips... this place blows...
Great spot! Spacious tables for homework or newspaper reading. Friendly staff. Turkey with brie is awesome.
This place really does earn 5 stars1 The customer service is excellent...  I just arrived from Florida and told the front desk clerk I thought I was dehydrated from the heat, and she gave me a bottle of water!  That is going above and beyond!
Love this place! Me and my boyfriend frequent this place often. Good food and good service! Open all hours which is great cause we work night shift so they are still open serving the whole menu at any time!!! Have specials all time! Did the mention that the staff is great!
Safe staff and clean facilities.  This is the best Pump It Up we've been to.  All of the inflatables are new and clean.  The parents lounge above is a nice touch!
Nice Happy Hour spot in downtown Phoenix. Their Sunday brunch is good as well. Kind of a small establishment,. Nice friendly staff.
i just walk through here to look at cute stuff!
I often go here to study, but I was appalled this week at the state of the bathrooms. They were more than filthy. I lost my appetite and walked out. Never again.
Best Japanese in Pittsburgh and I have been to them all. Great sushi and awesome filet and chicken hibachi combo. If your into it, try the Kim chi , very good flavor if you like that sort of thing. Absolutely delicious Saki.
This is of the casino not hotel.\n\nI thought the Mirage was decent, but definitely cheesy compared to other hotels. Props to the indoor tropical paradise with several kinds of orchids. Boo to the fact the volcano wasn't working.
Decent food, elaborately plated. Perhaps too elaborate. \n\nIt's nice to see a casino-based restaurant with windows, but the view is forgettable. Unless you like watching the valet park cars.\n\nService was very friendly, but excruciating slow.
I love this place! Awesome customer service and the food is amazing for a very reasonable cost. It's very busy with local clientele so it's a cozy diner.
This place sucks, they first off lied to me and my guy about the prices over the phone when we booked are rooms...jerks oh and this made me so mad the pool closes at six they kicked us 0UT at 5:40 apparently they always close at that time then change your signs and there slots are tight as a virgin.
great food great staff great atmosphere. happy hour is bomb. endless mimosa?!?!?!?!?!?!?! yes indeed. tables are not crowded together. dog friendly. highly recommend.
Had so much fun here. I really liked that it's not just pinball machines. They have different types of games you can enjoy. Can't wait to go again
Service was bad. Waitress forgot our drinks. Food was bad. The beer cheese looked and tasted like vomit. Then we couldn't leave because the waitress wouldn't return. Even the beer was bad! I am the least picky eater EVER and I hated the 'Ole Caw'. Waste of calories.
love this place. nice staff. good yogurt but obviously yogurtology has them beat with their self serve concept
Yup, its amazing for music and the number of beers on tap.  Food just gets the job done and helps you not throw up from too much alcohol.\n\nShort rib pizza wouldn't be so bad if they didn't cut it with so much caramelized onions.  Double the meat, forget the onions!
a neighborhood must.  food is delicious and the atmosphere is unique and exciting.  great rueben and kombucha.  The bad breath burger used to be my favorite, but lately i think it's too much burger...
Went in to get some basic Mexican food expecting what you would get at every other small Mex joint. Got an amazing surpise. Fresh ingredients and cooked and prepared perfect. Good job guys. I'm hooked.
Amazing cocktails. Great food. Awesome service.
Pretty good, but don't try kongpao chicken, it's nothing like the REAL Chinese kongpao chicken.
only good after 4 to 7 beers
Fantastic service. Our waitress was great. Chili cheese dip was good. Ruben was excellent and the Big Easy wrap was really ood but a little on the small size. Great atmosphere. We would definately go again.
Burgers are awesome.  We go a couple times a month and the kids LOVE it too.  If you haven't tried In-&-Out before you have to give it a shot next time you see one, you wont be disappointed!
Been dining here about a year and still trying diff things from the menu and all have been good. I don't think the heat is unedible even the hottest plates are just \"good\" hot.
I had the beef hash for breakfast which initially was very tasty but developed a sort of sweet taste which was odd.  The potatos were very good and the fresh orange juice was great.
Got the turkey burger and it was yummy. My friends said their burgers were cooked more than they wanted though. Still, food was good. Our server didn't check back often but I know typically they are more attentive because I've been to this location a few times
Bland pizza.  Not particularly horrible nor particularly good.  Staff that cared more about what's playing on the tv screen than keeping the tables clean.  But a nice space otherwise.
I went here because I am going to an event and needed a special bra. I think it is wonderful to have a specialty store in the Las Vegas area and apparently this is really the only one. However, the lady at the store was not friendly, actually made me feel uncomfortable. I ended buying something too large but needed something for this dress.
It was good. There were a variety of options to choose from. In a great location and easy to find. Wasn't blown away, though.
Low quality food, I've had salads and their burgers, while not being terrible, it's not good.  Typical strip prices (relatively high) and quality comparable to a cheap grocery store deli.
My sweetie and I came here for our anniversary.  The management took better care of us than we could have ever dreamed. Staff, food, view... all amazing. Highly recommend! We'll be back again!
bitchin !!!!!!!!!!
Post-lunch hours.  45 minutes late and super greasy wings which mushed up the coating on the bottom wings.  The waitress was friendly enough but I'd much rather come to DanMarinoRedOnionNewName at 2 am, when I don't know any better.
Not only did they charge far less then what I am used to paying for an oil change but they rotated my tires for free. Everyone was super friendly and made sure to let me know everything they were doing and let me know what I needed to get done to make sure I don't have trouble later on.
Been there twice now and both times the food and service were excellent! The Sushi quality is fantastic and the variety is very good. If you like wasabi ask for their fresh wasabi!
Absolutely beautiful venue, but the music wasn't to my liking. We got on the guest list by hanging out in the Mirage casino during the day. It was cool to watch the visual effects throughout the club, including interactive tables and led displays/projections on the wall. I'd try it again and hope for better music.
Used to be a cool place to hang with good food. No the food and service SUCKS!!!! Good drink specials but that doesn't matter if you can't get one. Servers would rather eat or hang with their friends than work. Building is falling apart. They are surviving on their (old) reputation.
Hmmmmm, there really wasn't anything else downtown and the joint next door was closed. Lol but it did the job for what it is. Between 4 of us we got a  burger, chicken wings, chicken sandwiches and a steak. Dinner at 11 pm, maybe not such a good idea.
Oh yeah cheers for hopdoddy,  I didn't know they were from Texas until my friend who I took today told me. you go up to the bar, order your grub and they bring it you. Nice vibe, good beer and milkshakes,  tho not at the same time!
Use to be the best airline. Now they won't let you use banked monies from family. They are also stupid not letting you fly standby for earlier flight, Thereby freeing up later flights. They have raised their rates so much on last minute flights that the are more expensive than almost every airline.
1 Day from temporary tag expiration so called DMV and they said the dealer has yet to process the tags.
This ice cream is the best I've ever had in my life. The caramel macadamia flavor was orgasmic. My goodness I loved it.
I know I should write a more descriptive review of this place...but this is what you are going to get.\n\nGo eat there! Get the mango chile lime mini pie! It is to DIE FOR! \n\nI can't wait to go back and see what other goodness they create!
Would not take back defective merchandise, made me feel like I was trying to cheat them. Will not shop here again.
The food here is decent, and they offer a good value. They have been in that location for more than 25 years, so they must be doing something right.
They don't take care of the league players at all. No practice table. Stuck listening to the radio. Staff was not pleasant
I can't believe I paid over $13 for two milkshakes. Why would I do that? It's not that they were bad milkshakes, they were fine, but no milkshake is that good. Not in Gilbert.
Great store for arts and crafts supplies, very helpful staff. While looking for things around the store, the staff helped me find exactly where to go. I was purchasing some arts & crafts materials and the friendly staff helped me scan a bunch of coupons for my purchase I did not know existed! Saved me a bunch of money!
This has to be the worst IHOP ever. I went on November 27th, 2010 and waited 20 minutes just to be acknowledged at our table and a whopping 48 minutes to get a half a sandwich and soup. The waitress was friendly enough but slooooow.
Good restaurant with fair prices! Would absolutely come back again and bring friends. This place is conveniently located at two major streets. I like the cups here too.
This place is Awesome! Chicken saga is tender and flavorful. Coworkers really like the jelfrese. Don't miss the cheese or garlic naan! YUM!
The chicken wings were very good.  My husband loved his burger with mushrooms and onions.  The dessert was overkill - but delicious.  The only negative was the service.  Our server made me feel like I was interrupting her day - she did her job, just not very friendly!
I've been to this Jack in the Box on several occasions. There really isn't anything distinct about it. The service has been standard on every occasion that I have visited via the drive thru and I have no qualms about stopping here again if I'm in the area.
Not the best food you have to ask for bread the staff are nice food is okay not much food to choose from ....
Best Falafal in town. Hands down.\nAlso try their grilled wild salmon salad with their pomegranate green tea. so good.\nthey also have a location in Chandler. just as good but with a bar.
Nice clean gas station, but it's a bit pricey. Love the Sunday oil change deals.
It is a chain restaurant with decent beer and decent food.  What gives this place five stars is excellent service.  Keep up the good job putting the customer first!  The managers at this restaurant could show folks in other industries how to treat people.
This place is too cute!! Exactly what you would want for a local coffee/tea place. Check in for yelp offer and look for the sign because it's off to the side on a side street
The service was great, the food was over the top one of the best places to have a Prime Rib. Went here with my babe and had a total blast. The only thing i dislike was no real privacy.
They have a nice assortment of music on the weekend.  The drink menu is comprehensive, we were happy with what was offered. Spacious and we were comfortably seated - much nicer than so many other bars around town.  \nIt reminded us of a cruise ship.
We went to Karaoke on a wed.nt..Nice little place.Theres no stage,you just sing where ever...
The only thing that is ok here is the bulgogi.  I'm half-Korean and nothing here impressed me.  The sushi is not good at all.  The rice is gummy and the fish has no real flavor.  I heard so many people from Luke AFB saying this place was awesome, but I wouldn't try it again.
2x fried chicken had really chewy breading but good portions. The buns were ok. Service was so so. Didn't seat us at a booth.
The Hotel itself, the staff, the rooms and the service is very good.  However this hotel including Wynn are NOT kid friendly.  I was not able to take my son to any restaurant except the buffet.
Such a bummer! Turned a nice restaurant with delicious food into a fast food joint with mediocre food. Booooo!
Every meal that I have eaten there has been wonderful.  The breakfasts are awesome and the bread that they use is some of the best I have had.
They call you order by name which can get confusing when there is more than one person with the same name. As for the food, I've seen better.
i really want to give it 5 stars but my carne adovada sometimes is kinda fatty. i love this dish but hate sometimes picking through fat. they do have the best chipotle ranch ever!!!
Had the low carb bowl. Chicken wasn't too dry and it was ok. I just ended up drenching the bowl in Sriracha and spicy teriyaki sauce. \n\nPlace is just ok, nothing special about it
Great tacos always fresh and flavorful.  Lunch is quick and the patio is great.
Love the food & the market. Great place to meet up for lunch with friends
The zucchini appetizer, the citrus salad, the first class service ... This place is amazing!  It's our go to for a nice, quiet treat away from the office.  The manager comes to our table every time and asks how or meal is.  Steve is a great waiter!
Service is five stars but not the best prepared Korean BBQ i've had. But if your hungry it gets the job done.
Roman Candle Fitchburg has great pizza but horrible service!\nThe service is consistently bad. Everyone I talk to that eats here has a bad story. It's almost comical the issues that come up. The Pastoral pizza is good. This location has potential, but won't last with the consistent bad service!
Came here at around one in the morning and had their breakfast platter. The ham steak was kind of tough but the rest of the meal was good. In general pretty expensive for a 24 hour cafe.
Glad it closed.  The owners were not nice and the food was awful.
Like many car washes they do what it takes to scrape by.  I am still looking for a place that actually puts a little extra elbow grease into it.  I am tired of being upsold on exterior waxes etc and they cant even take the time to vacuum my seats.
This store has Coke Zero in their fountain offerings!
I thought this Motel 6 would be seedy. But it was great! Great location we didnt drive anywhere. Right next to the MGM grand and NYNY. The room was very modern and clean. The new renovated rooms are cool but small Only draw back...the pillows are 2 inches thick.
Far out! Burger lovers unit at this place. Had to come after hearing so much about it. Had the blue and green burger...omg...my tongue died and went to heaven. You will not be disappointed by the food or service!
Time and time again, tracking shows as DELIVERED, package nowhere to be found.  Paid extra for Saturday delivery - can't be located until Monday at the earliest, if ever.  Avoid like a plague!
Great food and great customer service! My favorite BBQ place. The Prime Rib they occasionally have is so delicious. Highly recommended.
This place is a must stop on Friday nights  when ever we have guests visiting from out of town. Where else can you see live bull riding, lots of fire pits, live country music, numerous bars outside that eliminates the wait for a drink. Have not tried the food.\nWear your boots and cowboy hat!
My favorite place to eat when I'm tired of the food courts on the strip.\nI've only tried the club sandwich (which is excellent BTW), but I hope to try the other ones next time i'm in Vegas. The bread is toasted perfectly and there is a nice variety of hot sandwiches.
Very unique and great food.
Food was great! Service was spectacular! We had a birthday dinner here and they set us up in a private room. The decor is quaint and cute.  Loved the steak and Chicken Cajun shrimp, delicious! They made my son feel so special on his bday! We will be back for many more dinners.
The prime rib had no salt crust. Almost no flavor. The service was nice, but awkward. My vodka gimlet was far too much rose's lime, but it was serviceable. Cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e was good.
The kids love panda express.  My 9 year old actually complains that they give you too much food. This is pretty much the only non chicken nugget or spaghetti or pizza food that my 5 year old will eat.  And to be honest- I don't mind it either.
One of the better sushi joints in town, for the value.  Always fresh and always tasty.  Some variations on rolls depending on the chef preparing them, but overall good.\n\nHave eaten here about once per week for the past 2 years.  Never disappointed yet.
Food was great. However the service wasn't that great. We were there for over 2 hrs. The waiter wasn't very friendly. It felt as if he was rushing us and looked frustrated when we asked questions. Experience not enjoyable at all.
Always good. And they reopened. Much better. Diver's Scallops and chick peas. Who would have thought. But they were great. My girls Loved the cheese pizza. Truth be told I thought it was quite good as well.
$3.759 for 91 octane gas (2/23/11) versus a QT on 19th avenue near the 101 at $3.359 on 2/24/11. Are Scottsdale fuel taxes 40 cents more than Phoenix? I will not gas up at this location anymore.
Simple easy all american food. drive thru service was quick. and their slushies are amazing!
Steak wasn't med rare no server after the food came the manager was wanting to know what I thought only great thing was the bread
I worked there when I was high school they, however they are nice selection but you can.
I had high hopes for this place since it seemed a little different than the typical airport fare. Turns out I was wrong. Although I applaud them for trying something a little different, my $8 mexican chicken sandwich (torta) had no flavor or seasoning. The bread was decent, but that's about it.
My favorite local breakfast spot. Food's great, outside seating when I bring my dog.\nI recommend this restaurant.
Brandi was very accommodating in taking the order, making suggestions, and following up on any outstanding issues.  The cupcakes were beautifully decorated for the baby shower.
Best Butcher shop in the west valley! The chorizo is the bomb as is all of their meats. Next time you need meat give them a try you won't be disappointed! Bacon Burgers are tasty as heck!
First came to this sushi bar right around when it first opened. Everything here was fresh and tasted wonderful. Service was good. Rolls were amazing. One of the better sushi bars on this side of town.
We choose a chain for consistency but when the chicken is full of the part no one wants to eat it ruins the whole experience. Please cut the fat, literally!
this place is ok. some of the dishes are hit or miss. this is one of those places when you order 5 dishes, 3 are really good and 2 are ok.\n\ni may come back if i have a comp...
Good place, crowded but Ann gets the job done well. She listens and doesnt go crazy leaving you with a buzz cut when you ask for a trim or touch up.
May not be the best crepes, but by far the best thing we've got in Ahwatukee and a very nice place for brunch! Sometimes a little slow and a little pricey, but usually worth it!
Jackpot I got a large New York style and a large Sicilian. Both were solid, nice and crispy definitely my new pizza spot!
Little better than the average mexican restaurants in Vegas not the best though, portions are big my meal was good to share.
We loved this place a few years ago, but great food is on the menu but exiting the kitchen. Both of us here and I eat alone.
No free refills at this location. :-(
Passable middle eastern and mediterranean food in a nice State Street setting close to campus.
the food here is so delicious!! Everyone who works here is just as friendly as the owner. Easy take out, and a great place to stop and eat at.
Wow! Visited this place while on vacation for a 3-day drop in and I am glad I chose this box over the others. The coaches and programs are top notch. Looking forward to visiting this place again in the future.
Awful process. Had to wait for a cup of coffee after paying. Need to pour plain coffee when you pay like Starbucks does. We want Starbucks back!
Bad service, overpriced, and they screwed up the food after a long wait. We asked for our money back.
Can you make me a venti skinny soy splenda no sweetener half caff cappucino with no foam in a grande cup while I explore plebian society while visiting from Mesa? The Willo is so edgy isn't it?
Updated:  they simply can't get their Americanos done right even with complaints and no I am not picky. .   After a few visits with no better results they get a one star review at best
Excellent sushi & surprisingly great service! I will definitely be going back.
Excellent Tapas, service was awesome and the atmosphere was great.  We had only eight of the many available Tapas and everyone of them were flavorful and cooked perfectly.  \n\nI would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys great Tapas and at a very affordable price.  We'll be back!
Fun shop with thousands of unique costumes for rent/sale. The staff are very helpful and know their stuff. For Halloween they rent most costumes for the entire month at their regular rate.
This place was worth the visit. The food was good, the prices were great and the staff were attentive. All in all worth trying out if your in the area.
Didn't come in for the food, just a drink whilst waiting for a connecting flight.\nThey close at 11:00, the beers on tap tasted old, flat and were served very warm. The bartender didn't seem to care either, and charged $17 for two beers? Really?\nNever, ever again.
I've been doing light exercises like yoga and walking but wanted to start high intensity training. Stefania has helped me to form an exercise regimen and I've learned the proper way to train. Our sessions are great and I've been able to work hard despite my prior injuries. I recommend her for beginners and or those with prior injuries.
Do not get the fish and chips. It was bad. Did I say bad ... It was fucking terrible   ...and they didn't even compensate even though I only ate 3 bites.
They burn the jerk chicken.....they get 1more chance, how you burn jerk chicken and you jamician
Food took ages and arrived cold, but would have otherwise been plain but satisfying. Atmosphere is casual and fun, but this place is quite crowded -- perhaps better for a group of cheerful beer-swillers than a couple who were already pretty hungry -- and the service was very slow.
Great party idea! They came 15 minutes early and my boys did not leave the inside of that vehicle for the next entire 2 hours and 15 minutes. The kids seemed to enjoy very much. And it was a nice break from the noise for the non-video game playing adults like me. Highly recommend for any kid or big kid that likes video games.
I used to LOVE this place but in the last year, I keep getting the same useless waitress that has really ruined it for me.  I won't be coming back.
The service and beer were great, but the food was only average.  The cheese curds were a smashed, greasy glob and the beer cheese dip for the Giant Bavarian Pretzel was almost devoid of any taste.  We did really enjoy the deep-fried pickle spears and the dip that came with them.
I use to stay at this hotel a lot, but unfortunately it has gone way down hill. Really run down down hotel.  The only reason I gave it two stars is for the staff-They're really helpful.
Great and friendly bartender. Just like hawaii's yardhouse with all the choices. We didn't get any food, so I can't rate it.
This place wasn't great, but it was cheap and there's a student discount if you have your ID.
The food at Perkin's is consistently terrible.  The breakfast menu is decent but anything refered to as 'dinner' or 'salad' can be safely ignored.\r\n\r\nGets points for being open 24 hours and having a really eclectic mix of drunks at 2:45 AM.
The Attic definitely has some very sexy clothing, and some great furniture, but don't expect to pay thrift store prices.  Shop here if you need to dress up for a party *tonight*, but you won't score any super-cheap miracles.
Great location - across from the Bellagio. Fun music and good people watching. The 2nd Mai Tai was loaded with liquor and wasn't very good. Food was ok. Would rate this 3.5 stars and probably won't go back.
The waffles are sooo good you can't eat just one.   The food is outstanding and even though you eventually become full you still want more.  The menu has  many selections and is very easy to read.\n\nLarry & Eva Roth
Great atmosphere. We're doing out staff party there every year.\nThe guys are great, food is good and we always get discounts on drinks.
I love the salad - very fresh.  I love the breadsticks with olive oil - nice touch!  The pizza was very good, but I prefer a super thin crust.  Service was wonderful and the atmosphere was brilliant!
Didn't care for it very much.  The chicken was kind of chewy and had a lot of grissel. I enjoy the food at L&L so much more.  This place was nothing special despite the great reviews.  If you like L&L, you won't like this place.
Yes, its beautiful but do I really need to walk over here when almost every hotel has their own high end mall?
The atmosphere is great and it is an excellent place to study.\n\nHowever, their drinks are not that great and very overpriced.
Service was good.  Food for me was average.  If your putting chicken and waffles on the menu it needs to be good!   Other people I was with liked their food. So I would give it a try.  Like\nMost restaurants in Vegas, a bit pricy but the portions here are large if that is something you care about.
Cheap sandwiches but they're pretty whatever. I got the BBQ pork, which had pickled veggies that was a nice contrast to the pork. But other than that there wasn't much flavor. I love that the combination sandwich (#1) had pate as spread.
This is my favorite place to eat downtown, without a doubt. The Mac & Cheese is almost as good as Grandma makes, the salads are amazing, and the delicious sandwiches are unique. The service is friendly, and any recommendations I have received were exactly right.
It delivers on the name. I stopped in after work for a drink and never tried the food but this is not my kind of place.
As delicious as it looked. Would have submitted a photo but we ate it all too fast. Breakfast simply taken to the next level! This could compete with any of the big name chefs on the strip.
Nice atmosphere. Cheeseburger was not all that.
Food was OK wine list was above average. I may go back if friends really wanna go, I really was not impressed.
The food here is delicious, but I wish they had more authentic Greek foods like taramasalata and gigante beans. It sounds like they sometimes offer these items, but I wish these items were on the regular menu. There is outdoor seating, and the wait staff are courteous and friendly. The prices are reasonable too.
Great food. We were there around 9 on the Sunday of a long weekend. They closed the kitchen while we were there. Also, the place is nice enough but I would not call it fancy. It's more of a family restaurant or a good weeknight option for couples.
If you're a coffee freak like me, this is not the place for you. As my coworker put it, their coffee taste like sewer water. Other than that their customer service is great!
So... I tried another business similar to this one but in a different town.  I was right.  The instructor MAKES the evening!  The new experience was okay and the instructor was sweet but Bricklend was FANTASTIC and I would eagerly attend another evening under her instructions ANY DAY,
Randy Brooks and Bernie Youngman are the best. They gave me awesome service.
Great job framing a canvas piece that I brought back from Panama. On time and relatively good pricing, I think. Either way I love the piece and the work they did on it.
A very nice sports bar.  Great place to watch a game or just hang out.  They have awesome TV's.  My boyfriend is in love with their nachos because they use fresh jalapenos, which makes them pretty spicy.  I'm very excited to have such a nice sports bar so close to home.
Great ambiance and even better staff and drinks. Probably one of the most hidden hotspots around town. I'm telling you, just try it one time. You'll be back...I promise!
Food was good but nothing out of the ordinary.  A little greasy.  Would not make a point of coming back
Honest and pretty fast though they can get busy. Nice people, close to uptown and good hours. Give them a shot
Both Brothers are really professional and courteous. And the girls that fit you with the classes are really funny and patient withe the clients while choosing your classes. I now live in California but I am planning a visit to Vegas for more glasses and sunglasses.
I am giving 5 Stars on New Years Eve because of the service. Our waiter had to stay because others called in sick. The food was a little delayed but with the wait. I had the French Dip. Very good.
I love the atmosphere, the staff, and the food.  My go-to for a girls' night out or a laid-back date.
Josh did a fantastic job with the massage I received. His technique with Swedish and deep tissue are great and you go away feeling refreshed! I would definitely recommend Josh for a LMT and will go back for more sessions!
Great place with perfect coffee and service!
Went with some friends who really like this place.  Maybe it's comfort food for them so they have some positive emotional associations I lack.  \n\nTwo stars for friendly service.  The food was slimy, poorly seasoned, and the ingredients were cheap.  Would not eat again.
Capital Grill is Classy Vegas with spectacular service. The quality of food is Great, although a bit on the pricey side but well worth the experience.
Best local pizza! Just order the Cheeseburger Pizza with bacon. Delicious! Seriously. The wings aren't bad, not a bad beer selection. We go for games and sometimes Trivia night on Wednesday. Service is so, so but a couple if the waitresses are awesome. Might need more staff on busy nights.
I bought my car here and they treated me with respect.  I drive a long way to get my car serviced here as well.  I took my car to another dealership for servicing and I'll never go back.  Big Two treats you right!
Pretty girls.  Pretty awesome beer list.  Pretty awful food.  Pretty awful service.  Pretty low cut shirts and yoga pants.
Really awful.  Bad food, bad service, dirty tables, dirty restrooms.  Plus, they don't take credit cards.
The whole staff from reception to the doctors are most excellent. I actually think my dog likes going there.
My number one pet peeve is cobwebs hanging over my head while I'm trying to eat and a rude hostess..this place is awful. And smells like a dirty toilet bowl. Too bad because the food is decent. Maybe you guys should change the carpet.
Inconsistent is the first word that comes  to my mind. A la carte generally is ok, buffets not so much., especially if you are a vegetarian. Can't speak for the usual chicken stuff. Time for Indian restaurants to  rethink the whole buffet strategy.
Great food, great service.. got there late so they were out of some items but everything they did have was exceptional
This is a great pizza place!! The pizza is really fresh and tastes amazing! The price is really reasonable too!
Have only been for lunch on 2 occasions.\n\nSalad and soup was great but it took awhile to get it. Not sure that would be good if I worked!
Decent car wash but high priced. They are always trying to up sale. And always looking for tips for a sub par job.
Love their breakfast burritos!! Haven't tried anything else there but very happy with the breakfast!!
Solid lunch delivered in minutes. Med chicken flatbread and Greek salad. Iced tea. Polite if impersonal service.
Ehh, s'ok
I'll keep this brief. The food really tasted great (kudos to the chef), but the service was very, very slow. Also, a bit pricey considering comparable restaurants.
First time in the Monte Carlo resort , don't really like it theirs no wifi the rooms are not that great
I thought every thing was incredibly bland and pretty boring. \nI had the blackened mahi mahi tuna tacos with rice. Not hot/spicy at all. The chips were good, as well as the guac but the corn \"salsa\" left something to be desired.
As a chocoholic, I was looking forward to try this place. But out of four lunch and dinner dishes and three desserts I tried so far, nothing seemed worth raving about. Perhaps brunch is better? Guess I'll have to give them another chance...
Don't be afraid to try this place out for size. The rooms are small (as all older hotel rooms are) but well appointed. The casino itself has a vintage appeal with alot of historic items on display. the 777 Brewery is suberb and will exceed your expectations. No pool though.
Pork buns are amazing! buns are sooo soft! i now crave them!  And i got the street noodle #1. it was fantastic!! Definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots!
They make a nice breakfast for less than the tip form dinner the night before.  That's not bad!
Had a great dinner here last night !  Our server was friendly and knowledgable, and the restaurant full of energy yet not too loud.  We enjoyed the kale salad, gnudi pasta, pork chop, chocolate ice cream with hazelnuts, and a few glasses of wine.  Highly recommend.
From Las Vegas and each time we go to visit friends, My husband and I always manage to come and have dinner to this place. We enjoy it very well. The staff are very friendly. And food are awesome!
Breakfast was great.  Samantha was awesome. Only ate eggs and chorizo but would have loved to try the carbs.  Pancakes and muffins looked amazing.
Nothing too special about this place. Just close to where we live.
The pizza was very good, but customer service is not a priority. Yet, who are going to complain to? The place is a \"secret\".
Love It! Try the Salted Caramel Mocha! Sooo good :)
Sushi is decent but rest of the food is so so.
Love Copper Star. There's something about it that is so reassuring. Whenever I need to hide from my crappy job I can always count on Copper Star to be there, waiting with good coffee and a cupcake. \nWarm, inviting and never swarming with annoying hipsters or yuppies.
Al Phillips customer service isn't the best. The people that answer the phone are all very rude.
Eeeehhh... I wasn't impressed. The rolls were plain and simple, I think I've had tastier rolls at the grocery store. Place is small. Service is ok.
Lost their lease. Closed for business
Great place when ur craving something light and in a hurry.\nMy kids like the yogurt smoothies too.
Ginormous place. Lots of choices. Friendly staff. 3 places to eat sushi.  Many choices for everything.
The Ahi Tuna entree here is the best in town.  It is consistently a sushi grade cut, unlike many other places that claim to serve sushi grade.  The service is consistently top notch as well.  It is expensive, but worth the price!
Lifepower is so great to practice yoga . I first start with a friend of mine who has attended for many years . Im so glad i did m everyone is very nice and welcoming .
Some good sights seeing while at the stadium. Good view from where ever you sit. Had a great time inside and out during the recent Sevens Rugby tournament festivities. But it is old and outdated. OK at best. They should level it and put just off the strip.
This is one of the cleanest most organized gas stations I have been to in a long time. The cashiers are fast and friendly. They have really good on the go style breakfast sandwiches. Definitely gonna stop there when I can.
What a deal after sitting at the tables giving your money to the casinos.  Earl of Sandwich has really good sandwiches at very affordable prices and IT'S OPEN 24 HOURS!!  The line may be long, but they're pretty efficient so be patient and wait it out.  You'll be happy you did.
I tried the pan fried crispy noodles with chicken and the pad thai.  Both were disgusting! I actually had to return the pan fried noodles because it was not edible.
I like this place and think it is one of the better Madison Thai restaurants, though I think the other location on University is better and more consistent. Had take out and only one dish was memorable. Still, it's my go to take out place when I am visiting the parents on the west side of town.
I did not eat or drink but the show rocked.  Do not take your mother but be prepared to be entertained.
Great burgers, but pricey for the portions.  The cheese curds are lacking.  The best thing about the place is the beer selection.  The service could be better.  Some days, a guy can get ignored pretty well.
Love their bagels and cream cheese! My favorite is the rye bagel with veggie cream cheese.
Best buffet I've been to here in town. Service was great and the food was fresh.  The only thing that sucked was the wait to get in other then that i will be going back there t
Some of the best Mexican food we've ever had! We love going here. Great atmosphere, wonderful service, & the food is delicious!\nEverything we've tried is so good!
Love this place specifically for their cicillian pizza. I love that you can take out or eat in and it feels like a fancy restaurant.  Good service.  And not too expensive.  Definitely recommend
My favorite place in Ahwatukee! They have the best bagels and homemade cream cheese & freshly squeezed OJ to boot. The other breakfast items are all top notch as well. Friends always tell me the coffee is choice too! Lunch is good but the breakfast is where its at.
Best Pizza I've had so far in my 29 years of existence! lol.. it has moved over to MGM grand for those that don't know
$40 not including tip....very expensive for coffee, fried calamari, flank steak and fries.
We called today, told them that we live in the area of Tropicana, just east of Boulder highway, and they said that they don't serve this area. So, if you live in southeast Las Vegas, call someone else.
Food is decent. Service is always hit or miss. Great for a quick family breakfast. Buffett for kids is free with an adult. Boom.
Simply one of the best pizzas put together!hot and delicious! The cheese just makes it happen.
when i go here i usually get the Grilled pepper jack chicken enchilladas with beans and rice and i really enjoy it.\nthe service is fine meaning they could be a little more attentive but other than that its great\ni really like sitting outside outlooking the street (at night only) because its great scenery
This place is HUGE!  You have to shuttle to your Gate. Security lines are long. SECURITY is intense here!  Body scanners?!  WOW!\nIt's an awesome airport though!
brand new starbucks, everything is very clean and new. typical starbucks decor. the coffee was great as usual
Came here for lunch buffet once. The buffet is not worth it. Theres so little food in their buffet it doesn't deserve to be called a buffet. Its tastes okay, but go elsewhere if your looking for a real chinese buffet.
New management, New menu\nwe have been 3 times and food was awesome all 3 times!  great service, cool outdoor patio.  Great Happy Hour specials.  We'll be back!
Food was great!  Ribs were amazingly tender. Steak had great flavor. \nWait was long and they don't accommodate larger parties. Other then that... We really enjoyed it.
Just a quick update to my review ... The ownership of Leap's has changed, though it looks like they are keeping the same look and feel of the place.
It is a good place for drinks and late night snacks but if you are looking for authenticity and food quality you will be let down.  It is fine if you don't really know food.
My friends ordered the steak and eggs. They ordered it medium rare. It came 'looking' med-rare but it was not at all juicy. Given that it was only 6.99. But its a ruined steak.. I've had well-done steak juice than that. Sad.
I love Sonic, but the food at this location isn't quite as good as others.  This location is not in the best area of town for you out-of-towners.  We did get fast service though.
Probably the second worst detail I've had on my xterra. The left some spray  that they used n my dash on my windows that didn't come with cleaner.  Unfortunately it was darker out when I picked my car back up so didn't inspect it very good.  They are ok for cleaning the outside, but they rushed the interior detail.
If you're into the color white and doll houses this place is cool. Otherwise pass.
Decent food, decent service.
My boyfriend & I were here tonight. Stephanie was fantastic! The food incredible-- we will now be regulars. Thank you:)
Nothing bad, nothing great. Breakfast, an omelet, was very average and the service was fair.\n\nBeing a chain Le Peep is a know quantity and reliable. Reliable, as in average.
Cute little mom-and-pop gourmet shop near Green Valley -- nice hand-picked selection of cheeses and charcuterie, plus an interesting collection of dry goods (pasta, beans, olive oils) and rows and rows of wine. The folks who run the shop couldn't be sweeter.
Just as good as Yountville. If you can't make it to Napa then eat here. On a nice day have breakfast outside, it's beautiful.
This place is great!  I have been coming for quite a while, but first as just a panther fan.  During panther season jello shots are a dollar and beers are 2.  It is wonder\nThen a couple years ago I discovered their dance floor, and their food, both are great.  It is a cozy environment for all
Drive thru takes far too long and parking is terrible in the morning. If you have the time to wait then the staff is very friendly!
Normally I love them especially for breakfast but at this location the service is a bit slow and seems a bit understaffed. We ended up leaving w/out desert or coffee just because the waiter was too busy (not his fault just way understaffed)
Short and simple. Love the store, don't care for the workers. Some days I'll have one that actually wants to help, but I've had worse service.
Not worth even a star: Waited 40 minutes for our food - left money for coffee and left the restaurant. Lovely hostess - we enjoyed her -knew it was our first visit; but  no one come by to say what the delay was? We WON'T be back. Stick with Biscuits down the street on Dobson!
This place is a true gem.  The food is always fresh and LOCAL.  The service is top-notch.  I usually sit at the bar and watch a game, and the bartender Brian is great to chat with about the game, or recommend a wine to go with my meal.  Highly recommend!
Took me three sentences to know I didn't want to shop here. When the salesman tells me to ,\"Come here! \" I can pretty much tell that he already got a pitch ready. No thanks
The best Buffett in Vegas. Everything is fresh, well prepared, and delicious.
They ruined it by moving...\nThe new location is awful, I was literally shoved around by servers trying to get to my table. The wait outside was bad and then the wait to get served was even worse. Not worth the hassle any more. We will not be going back.
They billed me for an emergency room visit and not an Urgent Care visit.  Shady and fraudulent.
Terrible. Some of the worst service and worst pizza I've ever had.
The worst place to ever order on the phone! They don't make it until you get there. What's the point of ordering in advance?
I didn't get a chance to try any of the entrees, so I stayed conservative with some gumbo.  It was actually pretty good, compared to other Creole restaurants that I've been to.  Next time I'll try an entree and hope that it also delivers.
It's fun to watch movies here. The drink prices are outrageous though. I saw one concert here and I didn't like it for that kind of venue.
Went last night.  Food good, no smoke, service a little slow.  Overall well worth it, especially with the $25 off coupon from ValPak.
Great quality food and good prices.
Two 16oz coffees = $5.25. Is this Madison or NYC? Whoa.
Have not been here in years.  The food & the service were not good. And you would think that a margarita at a Mexican restaurant would at least be drinkable, but it was so sweet I could not drink it. It may have been an off night, but I think I will probably wait a few more years again to go back.
Just had the santa cruz sandwich with pasatrami and bacon.  Pastrami was really good, but the bun was very soggy   and there was no cream cheese on it.  Very expensive 9 dollars for a small sub.  Very disapointed .  Will not be going back.
The Greene House is very good. Their atmosphere and outdoor patio is one of the best things about this restaurant. I took my husband there for his birthday & had the Fresh Pasta & Shrimp - soo good! The only thing my husband didn't like so much was his entree was a somewhat small to medium sized portion for a grown man.
Unbelievable service. The manager tried to swindle me and convince me that a medium burger was rare. The food is okay, but you're going to notice a couple of people send their food back because they can't seem to get their orders straight.
The worst service ever. Waited 45 mins for a damn burger and the manager did nothing about. Never eat here they suck.
A great place to eat & watch the game! We had our own private space with couches & 2 TVs so we could watch whatever we wanted! The food & drinks were great! Highly recommend!
Not a great variation on the menu. I had a cesar salad and it was yummy. Their shopping area was nice. Great variety of olive oils that you could sample.
Doesn't rate one star. To say food was horrible is being kind. We ate there after ironman to celebrate  and this was ruined by the disgusting food. Made us sick. Never again. Other maycayos were good.
Meal was ok but I had to argue to get them to honor their yelp checkin offer. Service was good. I'm not sure I'd visit again given the fact that the managers didn't know what was going on with their YELP offers and gave both me and my guests problems...
eh, not so great.  Crowded and lacking in the flowers.  The chocolate fountaint thing around the corner is much more exciting, because it's made of chocolate.
We have gone to this resteraunt a few times since we moved to vegas since this is one of the only places you can find somewhat Authentic mexican food. The best part of the place is the chips... Other than that everything is overpriced and not all it is cracked up to be.
This place is Awesome!!!! Also convenient if your on west side ...   called at 730 they said they were open til 8 asked if I came in ten min if they could repair my iPhone screen he said no problem took only 15 mins I highly recommend this place
The wait to check into the room was long, the room was okay and the price was reasonable,  but I wouldn't stay at the Luxor again because of the long check in time after a long flight, the slots stink, no freebies or anything to entice you to come back
the  food  is  good   very  good  just  the  place  is too small and   they  have a  1 dollar fee  if  you  use  a  credit or debit   !!!  really  that is   why  i do  just 3\nstarts
Nice mall mixture of High end and low end stores from Dior and Gucci to Nike town and Gap. The lay out and architecture look like it came strait from the  Roman empire. The architecture only get's better when you get to the fountain with the aquarium with stingray and other exotic fish.
I got the pastrami cured salmon bagel twice this week before work. The first time is was delicious. The second time the bagel was too stale to eat. Why would they serve that? Throw it in the toaster? \n\nI think I'm done with this place.
Very well put together, very organized, and the atmosphere is very nice (:.
Great little spot. Drinks are more than reasonably priced, staff is friendly and competent, atmosphere is pretty cool. I'm here with some friends from work and it's a great way to end the week.
Awesome dancing and awesome music. Awesome story, history and hotel.  Loved every minute.  Free souvenir at the end!  WINNING!
gone!!!! finally went out of business. Can't believe it took This long.  Wonder what's coming next.
Great food & great drinks! I had the shrimp pasta with vodka sauce and it was delicious!
Bartender Ryan was real nice..!\nCan't beat 24 oz. draft for $9.00 on the strip..!
Do yourself a favor and get the pumpkin brownie...most amazing brownie I've have ever had in my life!!\n\n**only serve buckwheat crepes if that's an issue (apparently it is to my boyfriend)
Large portion and a fair price! Sure beats the Pho spot I was contemplating inside T.I.
45 minute wait in line? Really??? Seriously? Ridiculous!!\n\nThere were lots of tables either open or needing to be bussed and that line would have moved a LOT better.
Clean, professional, and very fast.  Could not be more impressed.
Fish was good...  Terrible place to visit if you are a pesco-vegetarian....  Ribs looked good enough to kill ya!
I had a burger and it was pretty good.
Came here for lunch on a beautiful afternoon. Everything was incredible, the only drawback was that I couldn't sit outside and have cocktails, other than that, it was lovely and fresh.
There was so much \"Bam\" (a.k.a seasoning) on the fish of the day, that I couldn't tell that it was overcooked or previously frozen?  The B-B-Q shrimp appetizer was more of what we had expected.  Nice interior design.
Great place.  Been there many times for lunch and cocktails.  Rooftop terrace is really nice.  You have. To check out that awesome bartender Kia she is attentive remembers your name and quick to help take your order and serve.  Every bar should have a Kia!!'n
The food was great, and service was even better.  Place gets packed so there tends to be a line.  But well worth it
We ate here in late Dec.  Food was good, service was excellent, atmosphere enjoyable.  The problem was that we both had real stomach issues the next day.  Has anyone else had a problem?
Have been thrilled with my experience in my lease thus far. The staff here runs a great community; clean, efficient & great service(s) for their residents.As well as great location to highways & entertainment as well as being in the Summerlin Area. Would strongly recommending here for those looking to lease in the Summerlin area.
Great new hotel. Everything is brand new. I really like the King bedroom suite. The pool and breakfast area are really nice. I'll come here again for vacation.
I wasn't  really impressed with the food quality.  I thought it was really dry.  You are better off going up the street to Dave's BBQ.  The service was fine though.
Third visit, eating my way through the menu and haven't been disappointed yet!  It's worth it just for the awesome sides and salads, but everything is fresh and tasty.
Soo good! Homemade pasta and the best lobster bisque I've ever had. Shared the pasta trio and if I wasn't still full from lunch I could of easily ate a full portion. I'm pretty picky about my calamari but it was really good!
I order the chicken tacos lunch special- pulled a few partial gizzards out of my taco before giving up on the meal all together.
The decor is pretty cool but the food was... utterly REVOLTING!!! My friend who went with me actually couldn't stomach it cuz it tasted so terrible. Please for your own good, avoid this place at all costs. Even if you're starving....
Earl of sandwich an ok decent sandwich not super great not terrible. Decent and edible.
The owner looks like she comes from a refuge camp, totally unkempt.\nVery crowed seating, but food ok nothing special at all.
A bit pricey. The sushi is standard, nothing mind blowing. The service is great though and if you check in you get free edamame. That's all I've got.
Happy that the city made a fun, large, beautiful park. Wish it wasn't so far away from the side of town I live on. Skate pale is nice and large. Love the basketball, volleyball and tennis courts! Get your game ON! The play area is unusual and fun my 3 year old has a blast at the difference:)
Service was great. I had salmon patties, yams, collards and cabbage. All were good. The buffet however,  was lacking. The mac and cheese was not a favorite. Just a lot of cheese over pasta. Not the way mama used to make.
Not bad. I would call this right down the middle for a Las Vegas Buffet. They had all the standard fare like Prime Rib, Ribs, and King Crab Legs. Not the widest variety but friendly staff. Decent price.
Is a good place to eat if you like Chinese food not very fancy but it's a decent meal little pricey for what you get still decent place
If you love creativity, this is the place to go! Everyone is always very friendly and make you feel welcome. Prices are reasonable.
Greek Tacos are amazing! Great little downtown find!
Wasn't impressed. Dressing tasted like a store bought bottle dressing and tomatoes very very mushy.
Good service but food was a pass. Too much salt in the Bolognese and the pasta was overly boiled.
Poorly managed...felt like Robert from Restaurant: Impossible would show anytime to break up the gang of waiters gossiping near the door...hearing words like \"nasty\" made me cringe yet the enchilada was ok but certainly not worth $15.
Good guys here. Quoted me a reasonable price, ended up costing them more in the long run but they stuck to their quote. Mike's a man of his word. I'll be taking my bike back to them for some clutch work soon and I'll follow up with a second review.
Much better than Subway...especially the bread.  The employees are always great and accommodating.  This store is also a really big supporter of our community and they deserve our business because of it.  \nI just wish they had spinach as an alternative to lettuce.
The food and portion sizes are pretty good and I love the I can get Chinese food and my boyfriend can get spaghetti in the same place :)
I broke my iphone 5S screen last week end and these guys fixed my phone in just 20mins. They have the lowest price in town. Great job wireless phone doctors! Im referring you to every one i know that has a broken phone. :)
Love the choose 2 option. They are polite and the employees and managers here do a good job of keeping it clean. The spuds are awesome.
3.5 stars - great  back-up if you need to pick up a last minute save. Large selection like any typical Urban. Spacious loft upstairs. Late night hours - open until midnight.
God i hate eat n park. Only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish, except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if u have little kids
The people who work here are fantastic, wonderful attitudes, genuinely care about your day and shopping experience. They also have an awesome olive selection. I got some awesome frozen veggie Phyllos and love their frozen section!
Rice was undercooked. Seriously, they handle rice for a living and yet no one knew?  And the salmon was old. Disappointing. I would've went to 808 Sushi but they don't open for lunch on Sundays......next time I'll stick to 808 Sushi.
Great service and great prices. Just happened to see this store when headed to the movies. Glad to see a high quality yet affordable men's store open here. Definitely recommend this store for a new suit. The staff are knowledgeable and the tailor works right out in the open. Cool concept!
My favorite thing here is the Tom Yum chicken soup its very good. I have tried other things on the menu but was not impressed Thai beef salad to much fat in meat, sweet sour chicken was over cooked. So every time I go Tom Yum soup is the way to go best in town and their Thai Tea is awesome!
Great Service, Great Hair Cut, Great Prices!
Remember to check for coupons around the house! Also, for some reason calling in an order for a pepperoni pizza and picking it up is more expensive than ordering it online and picking up... really?
Horrible pizza. Extremely inconsistent. Every once in awhile you will get a good slice if you come mid day but if you order a whole pizza prepare for disappointment.\n\nHowever...awesome hot Italian Sub.\n\nHe Cheeseseak is dry and does not contain much meat.
What a disappointment. Good Memories of Gyro Time on W. Charleston have all faded. Gyro Time was once tasty. Now just serving overpriced calories with a bad attitude.
Food was good TexMex fare.  Margarita was one of the worst I'd ever had.  I was totally dumbfounded that their Margaritas could be so bad. Order a beer and you'll be fine.
I wish the sashimi was AYCE but it's okay. At least the sushi is. \nI'd say, go straight for the raw fish sushi xD so good. \nExcept on busy days. Then they just serve u fat lmao
Correction - I dined at the Mill Avenue location.
really great omlett for a great price. the muffins are awesome!
Great selection for home brewing. Very nice chick that runs it.
Pita Jungle\nThe food is good,
really good pizza!
Had a great buying experience here today. They made my purchase of a Smith & Wesson M&P quick & easy,unlike at the gun show.\nThanks for the great price & the laughs,I will return.
Oyster shooters are the shit!
I know I am from out of town, but there is no greeting at the door or system for new customers. It looks like a good place to eat and hang out, after you establish yourself.
Who wants to wait an hour for cold food?! Terrible service with a side of burnt bacon is what you can expect here. God forbid you need silverware.
Oh, YUM YUM YUM!  I couldn't decide between a few flavors and settled on vanilla mint and loved it.  I need to go back and have the peach.  \nI was stuffed so couldn't order more than a small... there's always next time!
First visit for breakfast. Great food. Eggs cooked perfectly. Will certainly return for an encore.
What's the whole point of calling ahead to order if they forget to put the order in when you arrive??? Fail...
If you've ever been in a Pittsburgh bar you will hate it here. They slapped photos on the wall in an attempt to make money from bandwagon fans. This place is as fake as their video poker machines.
The mini putt here is not so great.  None of the water features are filled. The greens and scenery are pretty run down too. I liked that it was open late. If you want someplace a little more entertaining try the castles & coasters Northwest of here.
Epic.....every time.
Same story-mojo was closed when we went, lucky for us, Y+ opened up! lots more flavors than mojo had, and yummy choices of toppings--one suggestion: more fresh fruit!  Should be jammed by the summer--we'll be in line!
horrible customer service. They only care money!
Great place.  The Huitlocoche and Mushroom dish is gone but the Mongolian beef with lettuce is fantastic.  Definitely recommend.
Family style Italian dinner. The food was not great, it was overly salty!\n\nIf you have a big group they are accommodating but the service is not the best either. \n\nFor the price you can definitely find somewhere better.
This place is cute, trendy in champaign, and always packed.  The staff here are very friendly, sushi is good (try the volcano, spicy tuna) and drinks are tasty.  I will definitely be coming back.
I think I've reached the closing of my quest for the best taco. Truly authentic, flavorful, and reasonable at $2.00. I personally recommend the spicy pork and beef tongue.
The worse customer service I've experienced in Downtown Phoenix. I'm talking zero acknowledgement any customers in the store even existed, followed by severe attitude at the counter with a bonus eye roll. If you're into this place you're better off making a drive to one of their other stores.
I didn't enjoy the lack of variety at this mall; many of the stores are far too similar (e.g. Sears, Macy's, and Dillard's). It's an alright place to burn a few hours, which is why I was here in the first place, but that's about it.
Sunday night at Bank nightclub was amazing!   I really enjoyed myself.  When walking in the door man greeted us like we were VIPs.   When getting to out table we were greeted again by a beautiful cocktail waitress.  She took great care of me and my guests.   The music was awesome!  I would definitely go back!
The food takes SUPER long to be served. Kinda disappointing and makes me wonder if they do it on purpose to fulfill the waitress's $3/hour.\n\nOn the other hand, their service is pretty good.\n\nI'm pretty hungry, still waiting for my food.
I definitely enjoyed this restaurant - sat in the bar, service was great & the chef was pretty awesome & friendly. Highly recimmendable!! Can't wait to go back.
I had a friend in town and we were going to dinner. He wanted to get a couple of nice wines that the restaurant didn't carry. He bought the last bottle of one of the wines, but I was so happy they had them! We had fun and had our wine to enjoy.
It's a tradition every time we come to Montreal.  It's small and cozy.  They know the value of a good salad with a side of hand-cut fries.  The prices are very reasonable and service is friendly and welcoming.  It's that neighborhood place only the locals should know about...  Look how special you are now.
The Broaster fried chicken was bomb!  The baked wings are pretty good.  I'm loving the sandwich!  The prices are decent and the food is even better!  This is a must try spot!
Besides the onion rings I'm not sure how this place has any business.  Generic food and the server acted annoyed we were even there.
Huh? What? I ate here. Oh yeah. That place with the really really expensive salads, that sounded good on paper, but were boring,  and the really not too great service. The dining experience was great due to good company, but unless I have like.. a 75% coupon, I won't be back.
Had the brassacre (Brussels sprouts, bacon, cheese, Olive oil), kale salad, and the spicy ginger cake. Awesome.
Ok for a Korean bakery.  Cake with fruits was ok. Shaved ice was refreshing though.  Wish there was a better asian bakery in las vegas.
Amazingly fresh, friendly, and clean!  Sophia Stucki took extremely good care of us. She knew everything on the menu and explained to us patiently. The ambiance was extremely nice. We are excited that they have moved in the Surprise area!
When I lived in LV I used to frequent this place pretty often. It's a pretty decent location except for the panhandler who always asks me for change on my way inside and out.
fun place! great drinks & food
Besides the fact that this place is close to my house I dont have much positive to say.  \n\nGreat cocktails, but NO DRAFT BEER.  Need I say more?
So the rate has more than doubled and the content is less.  It was like let's make a deal when I called to cancel - so really what is the bottom line?  Ask for a better rate and you might get it they offered $24/ mo today.   Seems ingenuous!!!
I'm not a fan as the food and decor is just so-so. It's priced accordingly, though, so it'd be good for a quick bite! The staff is very nice.
Fantastic ginormous walk-in humidors plus a nice relaxing lounge. Fantastic, friendly staff who know how to mix excellent drinks. Good cigars aren't cheap.
This food sucks. I would rather spend 20 cents on ramen noodles because I would end up happier. Even when a coworker drags you here just pass on putting any of this in your mouth. No matter how hungry you are!
The food is decent. The atmosphere is nice. The kids menu is appropriately priced but the other food tends to be expensive and not fantastic. Their happy hour specials do tend to be good though.
How could you not love to eat here.. Freshly cooked when you order. No confusing menu, none of that gibberish menu here, just your simple burger, fry, shake and a drink and num num num.  :)
Very Americanized; haven't tried the sushi, but why would you eat sushi at a Chinese restaurant?
Food was just ok. Service was unremarkable. Drinks were good. Food portions were very small. Rather pricey.
I came here over the weekend bc the reviews said how good the food was. I got the bowl and the 3tacos. The food was okay but definitely not spectacular. I felt the meat was lacking some spices. Ingredients was fresh but lacking.
Tasty! Beautiful presentation with a huge variety of themes to choose from..got a red velvet for our anniversary n the chocolate one for birthday n loved 'em'. The cakes are fresh, not too sugary and yummy!
Friendly service. Got the fajitas. They were pretty bland. We got the fried ice cream for desert. It was either not fried or not fried this century. It was rock solid and was almost impossible to eat. All in all\nI would not return here.
The food here is quite good. The wait staff don't communicate well. The ambiance needs work; feels like a warehouse. The hot seasoning is very hot, but the Cantonese is very mild. Try the braised eggplant and cucumbers in garlic.
I have been standing in line for over 60 minutes. Paid 30 minutes in waiting another 30 after i pay is complerely rude. They are apso letring literally 100 \"vip\" Members in front of the uncool people never again will i eat here
The food is OK but is 'gringo-Mexican' food. If your parents are in town and you need a safe place to go, this would do the job. Bring your antacids with you, maybe some Gas-X too as high winds will blow after eating here!
What a dissapointed visit! Not anything like it once was. Had better food at truck stop. Way over priced for what you received. Go to other places in this casino, far better.
We tried the Cheese Danish w lemon. Creamy, flaky and not overly sweet. It was fantastic. Chocolate croissant was yummy too!
I heard a review on the local NPR station that said this was 1 of top 10 restaurants in Charlotte. I agree !  The chicken skewers were some of the best I've ever had.    The gyro's were pretty good too.  I definitely recommend Zeitouni's for casual food.
This place is horrible! Ginger duck was gross and other dishes were bland. I will never be returning here.
Bland New Orleans/Cajun food is an oxymoron, but at New Orleans take-out it's a reality.  Flavors here (with the exception of the sausage in the Red Beans and Rice) could be best described as vapid.
The classic swirl is very good. The topping choices are limited compared to other places but the quality is there. Great yogurt overall and I will be returning.
Right out of the cafes of Southern France. The sandwiches are divine.  Owner Olivier is a gentleman.
Nom noms. Very good. The beer was dang good. The food was spot on too.
One of the best sushi buffets I been to. They have lots & lots of different rolls to choose from and they have red bean ice cream!
Great food, excellent and friendly service, highly recommended
Good location but seriously how much would it cost to put cushions in the armrests...
Food is always good, but there were a ton of flies, which made the dining experience poor.
Plays well with a Tazza latte around the corner! The quiche was divine and the the biscuits were what I imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuits. Two words: YUM-OH! Cannot wait to return to the Steel City so I can partake in some of the desserts.
Big portion, and that's pretty much it. Incosistent service, and doubtful seafood quality.
Great prices and selection! It is like a candy store of accessories! They need one in Honolulu! It is inside the mall and the parking is free!
While it is the best newspaper in Phoenix it remains well below average.
Course was in great condition leading into the winterseason.  Beverage carts were frequent and the price was just right (Free) sponsored scamble.  I asume the price is a litle steep inseasn but with 27 holes you can play multiple rounds with sme variety.
I love getting my dress pants and shirts from Ross.  They always have enough selection in my size with good quality brand clothes.  I don't come here for anything else though so really my review score is only based off clothes and customer service which I feel are both great.
First time at dc steak house.  Nice place. Little loud but not bad.  Had a acoustic guy tonight.  Sounded good.  Very good wait staff.  I felt not over priced.  Great steak.  Over all good experience.   I recommend a nite out with the wife there. Cheers....
Dinner buffet was pricey and didnt live up to the price. The dessert selection wasnt as diverse as the one display on yelp pictures. Totally disappointed even with all the 4 stars overall reviews by yelpers.
Good location, always great service to get me in and out with my cup of coffee.
It's great to pick your dinner with a salad bar as a side-item. Also, their menus have a lot of options if you don't want a big meal. Overall I have been here a few times and never disappoint.
Horrible staff, Louie the manager was the only professional person. The bartenders decided to tip them self $120 and forge our signature or something (still not sure exactly what happened) but Louie the manager refunded our money and hopefully fired the staff that was responsible for this. Rediculous
This is better than the Premium Outlets - South.  With a better selection of stores and facilities.  Asics running shoes, Ferragamo, Burbery, Kate Spade, etc...
Overpriced hot dogs that aren't special. What more can I say? \n\nThe original one in LA is a tad better, still, nothing more than a lot of hype.
Gaucho is beyond awesome. The meat is high-quality product, over-the-top well prepared. The staff is enthusiastic about what they do. The whole experience is like going to a good friend's house, discovering that some of your other friends have also come over, and then being served implausibly good food.
I've been coming here my whole life. The zaru soba is good. The sushi used to be better. But I'll keep coming here because I have a place in heart for it.
Best hotel in Vegas. Amazing hotel room with open floor plan from bathroom, living area, bed and porch. Gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains and Vegas strip. Friendly staff and good casino. Very trendy and younger crowd. Highly recommended.
I love them here.  Always been a great experience.   Best doctors ever, very caring.  Wouldn't go anywhere else!!!!
Only one employee knows what he's doing. The other three stand there and have Ross answer all their customers questions. They need to hire helpful employees. Took three hours to just set up two new phone lines.
Miss this place! I have lived in many different cities over the years and this is the only city that never sleeps and of course has a 24 hour Starbucks! I enjoy the customer service and the team that works here and no matter when I come I get a great cup of Coffee!
First Cirque du Soleil and it was free...there are no bad seats just an amazing performance!!!
Not a fan of this store as it really smells and doesn't have a lot of stock on the shelves.
Korean fried chicken here is so good! Also very family friendly. Recommended, for sure!
Never enough cashiers work. Never looks like they attempt to organize the store.
Looks larger from the inside. Staff. And security was nice. Tempe PD present for the larger crouds   Great venue.
Went to the Yard House tonight with friends and I am sure I got food poisoning. I did not eat anything anywhere else but there. I got home a few hours later and felt extremely sick and am nauseated. I am also having the worst stomach issues ever! Although service was good I will not be returning anytime soon.
What's better than some refreshing, authentic Italian ice on a 115 degree day? Not much. Good variety of flavors, friendly owners, and a nice space. Enough said.
Amazing!! Great food and lots of it!! Gotta love the huge outdoor patio too.  Definitely\ngonna be a regular!
Absolutely horrible! Wing night was a bust, they were flavorless and over fried,  dry as a bone. Several people actually walked out. The music was way too loud and the sports were missing from the \"atmosphere\".  The only good thing was the beer was cold.
I've never lived at Sundance, but my job takes me into this complex nearly daily and all I can say is, avoid living here. I'll keep it brief because I would simply be echoing the other two reviews. I would gladly sleep in the bed of my truck before I ever slept a night in this complex.
Went here for lunch.  Had the Summer Risotto. It was good and definitely had a refreshing flavor.
Seafood Version of the great mastro's chain.  Food, Atmosphere, and service are all great, Very nice bar, Try the shrimp appetizer
Overpriced for what you get. The meatballs are dry, there is hardly any sauce given, and the service is confused and inconsistent.
the. best. vanilla. ice. cream. on. earth. \n\nperiod!
So forgettable.\nBeen here twice, can't remember\nA thing about it.\n\n(b)
solid bar. thai nachos the way to go.
Ate here for lunch after spending the morning at the pool.  Overall it was very good.  Enjoyed the crab cakes and one of the pizzas.
Tasty salty beef broth with good portion and price. Unique ambience, might be the first pho bar restaurants with live music I've been to in my life. If you love pho, give this place a shot. I would eat here again.
worthy !!
They have suspended service in Nevada!  Only two stars cause they still list Las Vegas as served on their website and it took me 20 minutes to find out that is BA.
not a very experienced barista. the place is roasting hot and the service was just meh. I didn't get a very complicated drink. just asked for short shots and didn't get them. I really don't see what all the fuss is about. I think i like the place up the street better.
American Eagle is amazing! Cute clothes, amazing quality, good prices, and super friendly associates :) heehee
Excellent service always and steak cooked to perfection.
best fish tacos ever
Crappy service and crappy pizza with barely any toppings, we ordered ahead. The Little Caesars by us is much, much better and sells a good product. We won't be returning to this location.
Staff is cute and friendly. Coffee is meh. If you sit anywhere near the smokers, the coffee starts tasting like cigarettes. \n\nIt's definitely \"cool\" and has that vintage retro hipster thing happening.
Cocktails and appetizers on a weeknight, yum! Pork Nachos and some strawberry drink. I enjoyed it, but service wasn't great. I would definitely try again, and am interested in the brunch.
Had just arrived in Chandler & this was our 1st experience .Needing more customer service.waited 20 mins for a manager. No one ever showed! Very glad there are 4 to chose from so I will head to another! Lines are always too long!
Great staff! Fun stuff! Something new everyday. I highly recommend this place whether you need supplies for the military, love hunting, or need costumes for a play.
This place is not attractive from the outside so I was hesitant to go in. It was very clean inside and noticed it as a family run business. Food is okay, my gyro was served cold to even with a lunch order for 6 people. Service is friendly when not busy.
Dive of a location BUT great interior, quality food and great service-- Pelegrino water only comes in large for $7 - not bad but could be a shock if you're eating by yourself as i often do while business traveling \nTheir Fuji water may come in small bottle but ask
Surprising find by some good friends. This wine bar had a great patio to hang out and drink wine. They also had a pretty great selection. The selection was more randomly broad, than deep, but with some treasures. I was able to find an enjoyable Broc Cellars Cassia Grenache. The prices are reasonable.
Usually not the best customer service but, great pizza!
I decided to take another trip to BJ'S East.  This a great place.  I know few people here that have gone elsewhere,  but Niko made sure that I was a satisfied guest. I will be back again!
Loved it. Overall a good combination of sexy, raunchy, and funny. It kept me super entrrtained and the husband of course loved the amount of boobies he saw ; ) I would have given it five stars if it was just a little longer!
I got the most sever food poisoning at this place, We contacted the restaurant in person and by email, they never got back to us! \nThis place is supposed to be well known for their sea food and we all know food poisoning from sea food is very dangerous!
Exceptionally clean with a helpful attendant. Best laundromat experience I've ever had!
$42 for two double talls and I didn't even get to see any of the hookers mentioned in other reviews.
Could use a decor upgrade for sure but nothing went wrong. Cheap and I would stay there again because of the price but it's nothing special.
This restaurant was great in every capacity!! The service was great, the food was awesome and the drinks were yummy. I had the cioppino and I have never tasted anything like that. It was loaded with all types of seafood and had an excellent well balanced flavor. I will definitely be returning here soon.
Music is way too loud. Felt like I was in a concert trying to study. Asked for them to turned it down nicely but all they said was \"we'll see what we can do\" like wtf?! Are they doctors or something and afraid to tell me straight up yes or no?
Heard their Champagne Cherry was awesome, so stopped in today to try it. AWESOME!! It needs to be on the flavor menu more often. Also loved the Coffee Chip. Both were stellar and super yum. Do drive from across town for these flavors. :)  Custard is so much better than ice cream!!!
Horrible just horrible. Aren't they suppose to clean your teeth? I hate going to businesses with lazy workers. The Doctor is lazy. Go elsewhere for better work.
Another trendy spot with not so hot food.  We had the Lobster Mac and Cheese and the Pancetta Pasta with sweet peas both were really bland.  The rice ball appetizer with two dipping sauces was delightful however.  \n\nThis may be better spot for drinks and appetizers.
Very commercial. A lot like a Baja Fresh or chipotle. Not bad though. Food was decent
Lots of options. Somewhat friendly staff. Plus they have pretzel cones. Has fun flavors (Honey ginger, Horchata, Scotch Ale Caramel Crunch....)
The food was awesome, the staff as very friendly.  It made me miss the Philippines. Superb lechon!! If you go to Vegas, this place is a must on the list of places to eat at.
Never again!  If I wanted my steak burned to a bitter charcoal crisp I'd do it on my own grill and leave it overnight and save $$$.  I've been lured back here because of the beautiful grounds of the Wig Wam, but never again
The atmosphere here is really cool.  Great place to go with friends and to watch sports.  I love their local selection of craft brews.  The wings were good and the fish tacos were nice too.  I will go back.
This restaurant was pretty average. The steak, a little worse than average. It kind of made me feel like I was a ranch hand, because they didn't have real tables or seats. Just picnic tables.
Good for kids?  NO!  They don't have high chairs...it was a disaster!!!!!
Greasy and slow service. It was too icky for me to finish it. Usually I like the food from this chain but, I don't think they had cleaned their hotplate at all so the grease was dirty from all the prior cooking. You have been warned.
Great overall but the Filet was a little bland. Everything else was absolutely amazing!!!
I had a sampler plate, beans and coleslaw.\n\nI don't know if it was the pink chicken on the sampler plate or the mayo in the coleslaw but I was serverely sick the next day.\n\nDon't think I'll be eating there again.
A little cramped on NYE 2010/11 to see Diddy.  A nice club with great staff, too bad not in a better casino.
How do you not have Coors Light. 2nd time in a year that they have been out of it. Shame on who does y the buying. Burgers are good tho.
I visited Charlotte last week and I ate here three times.  I couldn't help it.  \n\nSoul Food is right.  Eating here is like having a spiritual revival meeting in your mouth.  You feel like a better person after having eaten here.  A better person who will die of a massive heart attack in 5 minutes.
The food was great, small portions and for non-organic food it was way overpriced. Our bus boy provided great service in contrast to our waiter. I tipped the bus boy. The desert was the best part.
Great food.  I'm a vegetarian, and although there weren't as many selections as there were for my meat-eating friends, what they had was awesome.  The crispy tofu with ginger sauce was amazing.
Sushi is great and staff is friendly.
Can't really go wrong with Michael Mina. Very good food.\n\nSelection isn't as wide as you'd like it to be. Also, it's kind of weird to get same items from his other restaurants, makes it not as special. Although that Shabu shabu dish is so good.
Awesome family run business !  Super tasty salad bar. A really nice variety of entrees, and daily specials as well.
CLOSED. GONE. Went back over the 4th of July weekend only to find lights out and the \"Hours\" sign saying CLOSED. Too Bad!
I've been living in Las Vegas for twenty years and in n out used to be really good. The last four times I ate my usual double double it was dry and tasteless. I'm done with this place! I wouldn't recommend in n out to anyone.
Great spot for the atmosphere, and absolutely fantastic coffee. The Food is wonderful. Love It!!!!!!!!!!!!
We eat at trio nearly twice a week. The menu has various different items and everything is good. I love the homemade chicken fingers and their brick oven pizzas are to die for. Trio is also very inexpensive for the quality of food that you get. Most dishes are under 12.00. The service is good as well.
Can I give it zero stars? Waited 90 minutes for food to come out and still waiting. Have no clue if it will be any good.
The interior makes me feel like I am eating in a factory. \nFood was extremely oily. I was my 1st time there and I am not sure if I want to go back again.
The food is TO DIE FOR! Great Italian! Crazy Alfredo makes me drool just thinking about it! If you haven't been here then I urge you to GO! AND BRING FRIENDS BECAUSE YOU WILL LOVE IT! Friendly service, beautiful romantic setting. AAAHhh!
She is definitely still the one. Like that she connects with audience but campfire could be changed.  Bit too much in the saloon scenes. Love her music, the opening, wedding dress & the horse scenes.
Great food. I had the philly gyro melt. Perfection!  The Greek salad was also very good. Calamari was perfectly crispy. The service was slow for lunch. They only had two waiters. All in all, pretty good food. Needs to improve on speed of service. If return and recommend.
What a great place, although it's hidden it is a true Gem. Not only does Dana have amazing cakes the store has eye candy, real candy too!  I like the local feeling that I get in here.
I read some of the recent reviews and decide it's worth a visit.  We got huge classes of orange juice, lunch is $19.99 or $12.99 with player's card since it's new years day.  Great food, attentive service, fancy decor, overall I am pleased!
Avoid this place.  Its super loud, and the weird seating gimmick is a nightmare.  Food was nothing better than average.
One of the best meals I've had in Vegas.  The food was great, service was good, and the view was AMAZING.  Great place to bring a date.
I went through a bad luck streak with tires and the guys at this location always made my experience a painless one. They are quick and do great work work at fair prices. Once I had a warranty issue and without question that had me back on the road in minutes. Good guys I hope to only see every once in a while! :)
Did like standing in line to look at pictures on the wall to get a costume.
So first the lady on the phone read my order back completely wrong. I corrected her twice and when I arrived in 30 min to pick them up I had to wait another 10. The order was still in correct and nothing was offered in return. I love NYPD but not this one and I advise to go to another location.
I loved this place while Janet was there.    Janet is at Pamper Me Day Spa and Salon on Craig  and Rancho.  Her number is 702-325-3575.
If I could give them a negative star I would. The customer service was rude and I didn't end up getting the car that I already prepaid for. I'm still waiting on the supervisor to call back with my refund.
My kids have an awesome time when we come here. The owner is very friendly and it's a cheap way to wear out my kids. I wish it was a bit bigger so a few more attractions could be added. It gets kind of tough for the kids to not bounce off each other when it gets busy.
I've never eaten there, so I can't address that.  I only can address the quality of the pizza.\nI'm usually only a fan of thick-crust pizza, but for thin crust, this is excellent.
i came here to grab a crepe since there was a line out the door.. it looked promising.. although my roast beef and mushroom crepe was good.. it wasn't 12 dollars good.. it definitely could have used more beef and shrooms..
La Casa Blanca isn't one of those restaurant chains that seems the same.\n\nThey have great food, excellent service and a really nice atmosphere. The patio is awesome to relax & dine in. We'd recommend this establishment to anyone looking for a great restaurant experience.\n\nRobert Pfeifer
What a surprise when I presented my Groupon for $30.  Manager said we don't accept that coupon anymore.  I just bought it 3 weeks ago.  Too bad for me.  No way to run a business.
I've now eaten here 3 times. 2 out of the 3, our order was taken correctly, the kitchen made the wrong order. The last time, they even made the reorder wrong. Food is decent and priced fairly. you won't be blown away by anything
We have been here multiple times and we absolutely love it. There's always a sense of genuine hospitality. The food is second to know Hawaiian restaurant in town we will definitely be returning as often as we can and would highly recommend it to anybody who enjoys Hawaiian food
Great service once we entered all the way until we left. Biscuits were fantastic my salad was just the way I like it. My husbands steak and lobster was the best he had he said he actually had no complaints at all everything was cooked perfectly and taste great.
Went here for lunch with my husband on a Monday. We ordered the fez salad (amazing) and the phyllo pockets (even more amazing) and the bruschetta app... We were very very pleased! The place is nice and the staff were great! Def coming back (hopefully soon)
I know I sound like one of those old people but \"I remember when these shirts were half these prices\".  But I still just like plain colored clothes with no words or crap on them so I still buy stuff here.
Came with roommate. Stood in entryway for 5 minutes. Chose a random table and sat for 5 minutes. Staff made eye contact with us and still chose not to address us. And so we left. Spare yourself the trouble.
I am updating this begrudgingly to say that they have pants here that actually fit me.
Good service. Horrid food, over priced.
Located in Phoenix international airport, Southwest terminal, gate C 12, this place offers incredible gourmet coffee selection. They have limited choices for drip or they have a wide variety of selections using the clover machine. It does take time to make good coffee so make sure you plan plenty of time to catch your flight.
Not worth the extra money you need to pay to get in here.  The seafood was mediocre at best. The lobster tails did not have much flavor.  The prime rib was alright.
I have been coming to this place for years and getting great service. However, the last year the service has been just awful. The quality of the work is sloppy, messy and unfinished. They are very slow and the employees are not friendly. I was hoping the service would improve but it has not. This will definitely be my last time here.
its del taco.  the food was alright but ive had better.. prices are higher which is a given. service was good. ehhh good place to get late night food or a quick cheaper lunch. =/
We had a pre-Thanksgiving lunch with the family. Loved the new seasonal menu. The Kale Salad was delicious with the addition of Ahi Tuna - perfectly seered! Never disappoints!
Great food, if just slightly overhyped. It's a cute building in a great location with friendly staff, but does not win my vote for best pizza in Phoenix, sorry! Definitely check it out though, it's top five, but be prepared to wait!
Food was good, service was not.  This is baffling to me as there were only 4 other tables seated in the entire restaurant and 4 dudes walking around in ridiculous plaid shirts but not getting much done.
Ditto on other comments about the chips n' salsa. Whoduthunk that simply putting 4 kinds of chips would make a basic appetizer so much better?
This restaurant is very great to din in. Reddish cake, sticky rice on lotus leaf, yaw choi are great appetizers! Wonton noodles is tasty too. Not pricy.
It's too bad we weren't able to experience Joes since we'd been there for 10 minutes and no one even said hello to us let alone bother to take our order. never again. They are clearly understaffed.
I live around the corner and had been wanting to stop and eat here. So I finally did. It was horrible. Paid over 35 for two average combos. The picture had a drink on the combo but at the counter they told me the drink wasn't included in the price. False advertisement.
Reserve the pool area for 35 guests early in the year. The catering was excellent.
Good. Fun. Great service for fast food. Not in my top 10 for burger joints.
Good as always. Alchemists here are so good at their job you can taste it @_@
You can find almost everything you want for a good coffee house here! They provide a good selection of coffee and tea. The place is not very large, but it is full of natural lights and the design is simple yet modern. I wish they could provide more different options of pastries.
Great local pub perfect for a cold one on a hot day.
i'm a fan. the hotel is new and the decor is great. the rooms are super clean and the lobby and casino area aren't smelling of ciragette. i would go back.
The most epic bestest boba ever!  At the best prices, freshest ingredients and great service!  I also love the shaved ice very yummy.  I haven't tried the other food items they have on the menu so this is strictly boba and shaved ice review.
First time stopping in today and won't be my last. Nice, extensive flavor offerings and quaint feel to it, but definitely overpriced. Thoroughly enjoyed my latte though :)
What a freaking joke this place is. They don't let guys in if the ratio isn't perfect. Or if you don't have the perfect shirt. Never will i recommend . I hate Vegas and its bullshit like this.
Love the location - everything about it makes you feel like you are in the middle of WI. Super small inside though.\n\nThe night we were here, they had live music- that was funny. The shuffleboard table is great also.
Fastest manicure ever. Had to remind my manicurist to put a base cost on. The mani bubbled. Absolute shit unless you're getting gels. Don't bother for anything else.
Tropical Smoothie is Tropical Smoothies. It's always hit or miss, always depends on who's making your drink and preparing your food. I give it an extra star only because its dine-in is open 24 hours.
We ordered 2 brisket dinners with mac and cheese and yams. The sides were okay, but the brisket was a pile of inedible, fatty, oily mush covered in bbq sauce. Just nasty and a waste of hard earned money.
Great food. Staff is friendly and helpful. I went for dinner last nite only waited 20 mins to get in nt bad for only 2nd day open . Kudos to Jason(the owner) who I met last nite. Job well down. Come  on Las Vegas let's show our support so they open more afound the valley.
Awful food. My eggs Benedict was served with over poached egg and covered with a slice of cheese.
As part of my bachelorette weekend, my friends surprised with a classy afternoon for some tea and a TINY TINY lunch. =]   I wish they would have more scones and the mini sandwiches and less dessert but everything was pretty delicious.
Delicious good and fantastic service! Great way to start off a trip to Vegas. Michel is one of the best waiters we've ever had!!
What a HORRIBLE public transit system. The buses are not on time, if they even SHOW UP. Hands down the worst public transportation I've ever seen. You guys have got to shape up. People depend on your service and you need to realize that.
Not bad for a theater.\n\nNever had any issues here at all.  It's in a convenient location and the matinees are a good deal.\n\nJust eat before you watch the movie at the food court located right outside the theaters and you won't pay ridiculous prices for food.
It's a total 5 stars!!! Try it!!
Definitely not a 3-star hotel. Barely a 2-star hotel based on my other multiple experiences staying in Vegas... Quite disappointed at the room cleanliness, quality of furniture, location. Everything looks old and depressing.
I've used ExecuCar many times over the course of the past year and half. I've never had an issue with them. Drivers have always been on time, always courteous and friendly. I've tried a bunch of other car services and ExecuCar has always been my go to car service.
Stunned by how good this place is!  I am a die-hard Le Thai person, but I have long needed a place where I can get my Pad Kee Mow fix both closer to home and open on Sunday.   Thai Noodle House nailed it.  We will be back.
Great place to go with the kids and with large parties.  Great wings, and you can order as many combos and flavors as you want.  Thursday is .35 wing night!
Did not enjoy my meal what so ever.The staff was cold and the seating area was dirty. The place was more of a hole in the wall then I can appreciate. Cheap but your getting what you pay for in quality.
The place may look simple and uninviting but that is part of its charm! Because the focus is on the food! We were warmly greeted like part of the family by our wonderful server. Food was made to order, hot, fresh and delicious. Sit at the bar and you can watch your food being made.
This place does decent Thai food, but is nothing special. There was nothing memorable or notable about my meal. The service was decent. This is one of few places in downtown Pittsburgh where a vegan can go and be reasonably accommodated.
I love this store! The owners Sarah and Annamarie are wonderful.  There is a large selection at the store.  I bought myself a gorgeous pair of vintage earrings today and can't quit staring at them!
Maybe I went on a bad night, but the service was stunningly bad.  Water glasses stayed empty for almost 15 minutes!  Ordered 5 dishes, all pretty average.  The tab:  $300+.  I won't be back.
cause their food is great
Lots of great beers on tap. The food is so so. The service was good. If you just want some beers an bar food not a bad choice. We won't rush back but we won't avoid it either. So dealers choice LOL
Don't bother going here to watch the Soccer game the whole bar has already been reserved we all left...very disappointed...
Tish Hegel is the best. I highly recommend her. I wouldn't bother writing a review if I didn't think she was. Greatest teacher I have ever had!
Military discount, kids menu\n\nOtherwise standard mexican restaurant.
I needed something to hold me over before dinner.  Anything is better than McDonalds so as I walked by, I saw the Earl of Sandwich.  I ordered the Italian and it was a couple types of meat on a really good heated fresh baked roll.   I was pleasantly surprised that the sandwich was tasty.
- 10 stars. Terrible shady company! \nCRIMINALS!!!!!!!!
The food and service were amazing. The wait for a table was crazy long and the only complaint I had is that we called ahead of time when we were on our way to get on the list and the girl that answered refused to put us on the list over the phone. Otherwise great experience.
I has a awesome experience. The nail salon is something like you see I'm a upscale magazine. Amber was amazing and very patience with me. I'm coming back with 6 friends Saturday to get pedi. If you want to treat yourself go here :-)
I live on the lake and decided to stop by for lunch. It was very cool how I could dock my boat and walk up right to it. The good was good and it was a good atmosphere. A great place to stop by for lunch.
they had everything i needed for my stay in Vegas and then some. i stayed at a timeshare down the street and this place is a 5 minute walk from there. i was going there almost everyday to pick up little things i need. they have everything for good prices. alot cheaper then other retail stores. this place is not bad.
I just had my first manicure here and it was great!! Bee was so friendly, precise and efficient. She knew exactly what I wanted my nails to look like after talking briefly. Her nail art is amazing and very creative. I also got my eyebrows threaded by Bee. They look amazing!!! Thanks Bee
This place is AMAZING! The food has exceptional flavor and is very authentic. The Chef's Choice (which is not offered on the menu) is worth asking for. You will be served  nothing but the best & guaranteed satisfaction! By far the BEST Mediterranean cuisine ever!!
I've been here twice in my travels to the Emerald City - both times to catch the NFL games on Sunday.  Tons of tvs, good beer flights.  The place doesn't get too crowded from the times I've been there - but even if it does, it's quite the large place.
We stopped and grabbed a couple of brewskis after a long day out on the Strip.\n\nEyecandy makes great for people watching since it sits in the middle of the casino. Comfy booths/seats and ample seating. I'm sure this bar gets packed during peak hours.
I absolutely love this place!!The food is delish. Brunch on New years day is PJ themed. So fun and so chill.
They are always accommodating with getting us in quick and getting our booth. Food is great but when did the portion sizes become so small? I ordered the chicken tender meal which was literally baby sized. I think a kids meal gives me more food. Portion size and price do not meet my standards.
Meh. Staff was great, food was ok at best. Our steak was described to me by my friend as \"Eh, it was a steak.\". I got the Kobe short ribs which were very bland and unimpressive.\n\nThe bar looked trendy and had a good atmosphere, though.
Our son has been taking lessons here for a few months. He really likes it and wants to come each week. He is much more comfortable in the pool and we are more confident in his ability to swim. He's safe and we r happy.
I used to work here and I have to tell you that I wish i still did.  The food here is awesome!!  They have a cafe and a fine dining area for lunch.  The food is phenomenal.  I only gave it 4 stars because it is really hard to find.
Great job!!! They are so nice and the work is excellent
Meh! Wasn't impressed at all. We should have known when the waitress couldn't really recommend anything on the menu. Oh well, I wanted to like it but something tells me I won't be back...
I came here a second time hopeful to change my opinion on this place but I was still not impressed. This time I ordered the turkey sandwich which had turkey, lettuce, tomato, and avocado and again the food did not wow me. They say the third time is a charm but you won't see me here a third time.
Good food, but the service varies.
We love the Greek Island Grill! Great service and great food.
food is really just ok. they must improve otherwise when other restaurants open at Downtown Summerlin it would be hard for them to survive...
Good hotdogs, expensive prices.\n\nNice crunchy outside flavorful inside. can't complain...other than the prices.\n\nbut hey you're in vegas on the strip, can't be no cheapass
Meh. \nGreat service, blah food, but it was cheap. That's the only thing this place has going for it. The bathroom was clean, so there's that.
if you are looking for fresh veggies, look elsewhere, their selection is tiny and what they do have is in bad shape.  if you're looking for ingredients to make vietnamese or chinese dinners, then you're in luck
This is one of our favorite restaurants despite the high turnover and occasionally crappy service. The sushi/sashimi is fresh and the meals are large and delicious.
Bleh. Too noisy and not enough good beer. There weren't even fun animations on the scoreboard. Most of the music SUCKED. At least it was clean.
The place is white, bright, and clean.  Aloha pineapple smoothie was pretty good.  It was a blend of strawberries, bananas, and pineapple sherbet.  I just did not like to keep  sucking up the chunks of strawberries.
I think Heist is great for beer and meeting with friends but for food it is too little for too much.\n\nI have had food here before and it's good but overpriced small plates that can feed a 2 year old.
As of 9/28/14, the Happy Hour prices have now doubled.\nDrinks during 10-11 AM and 5-7 PM are now 2.00 plus tip
Great food, great people.\n\nI have mad respect for a place that not only has great food (and of course vegan options) but is also run by nice people.  Food is fresh made and you I was seriously treated like a friend while i was there.  \n\nGreat lunch spot!
Had a wonderful lunch with my sister and friend yesterday. We ordered the calamari, Oriental salad and the eggplant sandwich. All three were delish. Vanilla bean cheesecake was terrific. We all shared. Our waiter was awesome. Always a great time at the Factory.
Stopped in and had their pad Thai along with some Thai tea. Everything was very good and very fresh. It's a little on the lighter side, which was refreshing. Their coconut ice cream is amazing. 10/10 for Thai food in the area.
Just came from dinner at Thai Noodles Cafe.  The restaurant atmosphere pleasant, the food was excellent and the prices very reasonable.  Will definitely eat there again soon.
I'm a little biased but generally have had a good time at this place. I liked the food. Good wings but they have changed them somewhat an I liked them better before. Staff is very friendly. Fun atmosphere!! Five it a chance people!! The angry reviews are just that angry.
Delicious!! Try the red snapper carpaccio and the yazu style salmon sushi... Green beans on small plates menu are great too
Excellent!  Great food, service, pricing...everything was great.\n\nIf you are looking for a great steak, try STK.
Second trip to the bar v ased on a promo of free play.   Gambling was good, great Pandora music, and plenty of tv. Bar keeps are to much chatty kathys among themselves.
LOVE LOVE this Bakery!!! Every Time, I Visit them Its great!! just wanting to Give them a Shout Out!!! You Guys Rock!
Food was very good, service was quick. Did I also mention tasty? The lady working seems a total sweet heart. Decor was nice and prices fabulous. Will seek out next time I'm in Vegas!
One of the best restaurants in the East Valley! Literally, love everything, but my favorite:  Portobello Mushroom Sandwich! omgosh!!
They have a nice selection of beers and the service was good as well. I really liked the couches! I was with a group of friends and we were able to relax on a couches, facing each other, which made for nice way to enjoy good beer in a great environment!!!
Outstanding cocktails, great craft beer selection on draft, and the food I've had so far has been brilliant.  It's been quiet both times I've been in, and I'll definitely be back.
I no longer go to Buy Buy Baby or Babies R Us now that I've been here.  They have all of the good stuff I like to use and a really wide variety of unique items that I can't finf anywhere else. The customer service is usually pretty good.
Best. Burger. Ever.
Had to update my review due to the store adding a fresh fish section to the market.  We here in Arizona have no access to the ocean but restaurant Depot makes us now feel as if we are on shopping on the Gulf Coast lots of friendly staff reliable foods for the restaurant business our partners for success.
NEW OWNERS - HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! Customer service was disgusting, can't believe they behaved the way they did! Very rude , missing orders - never coming back..
Like 99% of the BBQ in AZ, this place is \"meh\". I actually got the shits both times I ate here and was unimpressed both times. I actually went back after my first unpleasant experience hoping for a different outcome. Not so much.
I like their cheese and crust but this is a place to go more for the atmosphere than the actual food.
For me this salon is perfect! Small and quiet, excellent products that are gluten-free and don't burn my nose. The woman who colored my hair did a fantastic job. The color was perfect! Clean, trendy and beautiful interior. A great experience.
We went here for lunch while on vacation.  The food was great and the portions were quite large.  3 of us at for $30 plus tip.
The chicken is awesome! Specially, for the price. Service is quick.\n\nUpdate: Didn't have the same great experience on follow-up visits. Still, it's a good place for good chicken.
Excellent crepes!  Strong, good coffee.  Big portions.  Great for breakfast.  Very accomodating for kids.  \n\nStrongly recommend for a simple affordably priced breakfast in old Montreal on a charming street.  Try the salmon, cream cheese and caper crepe!
Still my favorite place in Vegas, especially for brunch! But dinner is great too! The food is the most consistent i've seen in a fairly big restaurant, that doesn't feel like it's a big place. Must go! All the steaks are fantastic!
Best salads!  So fresh and healthy!  Perfect size!  Love the Cobb and BBQ!  The shrimp is really good in all the salads. \n\nHope they open one soon in southeast chandler!
This is NOT a clothing store. This is a wedding venue!! Please have Yelp update the name of this place.
Ordered and shared all three dogs on that day's menu, including a corn dog, an aubergine and a tongue dog, they were all great. The corn dog batter was thick and tasty. The only down side was the strength of the parsley, but easily remedied. The chips were exceptional, so tasty.
Pizza sauce had no seasoning in it, very sweet. Cooked pizza was very chewy, not good. I will not be back.
Really nice ambiance! Went here for margaritas at the bar and got a complimentary chips and salsa... score!
Espresso, pastries and service is awesome! Building and location is great. Art and reading material is always fresh. The barrista's obscure music/noise being blasted at full volume? That's the main reason I get everything to go or sit outside and don't give them 5 stars.
3 1/2 stars.   Food was decent! The stuffed mushrooms were just wonderful! Service wasn't the fastest but it was friendly! \nWe came late on Friday night so the prime rib was only well done so we got the rib eye instead. It was cooked perfectly.
Same Ol Dennys. You can rebuild, and re model, but the Manager remains there. ;( Booo
I shop at this market weekly. I love the inexpensive frozen mackerel. Additionally, their fresh food is great. I enjoy bento boxes, onigiri, and eel bowls. Definitely worth trying! \n\nCon: They do have limited seating on Saturday's when they serve soup/ramen, etc.
Looked like a good place for drinks. The food and service was mediocre.
My Go-To sushi place in Pittsburgh. The prices are reasonable, the staff and chefs are friendly and helpful and the food is top notch. I usually stick to the sushi and appetizers and I've never been let down by either. Great for a quiet date night. 5 stars well earned.
Most of the beers on the menu that are supposed to be Belgian really aren't. There is no Blue Moon in Belgium or Northcoast brewery. And there are several more mistakes. They should get their act together and don't lie about the origins of their beers. There is no substitute for the real thing.
Over all very disappointing service. I found a stem in my sandwich and pointed it out. But all they did is come back and say it was supposed to be in the sandwich... Really? Never going back!
awful, place is dirty, all chairs have stains all over them.  Place is not clean, soda machines only have PEPSI products and the tea is not freshly brewed tea at all, it is machine taste,  Kitchen is dirty and they do not wear gloves when preparing food.\nFood is awful.
Had a problem with a coupon here, and the cashier and manager were extremely helpful in resolving it. I will definitely keep shopping here simply because of the extra service they provided to help.
First time to go to a restaurant of this nature.  Reasonable price to enjoy a variety of tastes and eat moderately healthy foods, i.e. salads, vegetables.  We enjoyed it a lot and would definitely go again but live a 1,000 miles away.  We would love for a restaurant in this chain to locate within reasonable driving distance of us.
Kim is awesome and takes great care of you. Place is not to fancy but I have no complaints on the service I have received.
This place has great food and even better customer service! ! I recommend you coming here! !
got my lashes done Thursday night and half of them have already fallen out, not too impressed with the work done there :(
One of the best pizzas I've tried. Italian and Sicilian pizza highly recommended. If u like cheese pizza try their white pizza! Bomb!
Love the red chicken curry here!! Arrive early for lunch on weekdays - restaurant fills up fast.
I had a flat tire and decided to go here. I had to left my bike as they said they can't do it right away. \n\nI came back and charged $20 for it!!
Very tasty Mediterranean style food. Their gyro meat is excellent and their pitas with the gyros are wonderful. The yogurt sauce was nothing to write home about, but the gyro was excellent even without wonderful sauce. The Saffron ice cream is tasty as well.
I am sold on the whole chicken and waffles thing!!!  I love LoLo's Chicken and waffles, they are by far the BEST southern food I have had.  I tried collards for the first time, on my most recent visit, fantastic!\nWay to go LoLo's!
My girlfreind and I went after purchasing a Groupon. Overall we had a great time. Definitely somewhere we're planning to visit again.
Great place for eating light during the very warm vegas summer !  Lots to read, products to look at and of course great juices and smoothies!
Steak ok, overpriced, pecan pie almost inedible
My boyfriend thinks their fried rice is the best is ever eaten. I love their pho and the spring rolls. I feel like they up their prices because of the location, but it's our go to when we are having a lazy night and want some grub. I love the decoration.
Very lively place with great drinks and a hipster crowd. It probably appeals more to the straight community, but there are plenty of gay men who feel comfortable here.
Sat at the bar for lunch.  Watched sports on the TV and talked with the bartender to keep entertained.\n\nThe factory burger and fries are always a good call.  In fact, the fries are definitely above average.\n\nYou'll never leave this place hungry!
this place is ok i had bbq chicken nachos the sauce was really good but the nacho cheese sauce was not good and thats a deal breaker for me i love cheese i dont think i would go back at all wasnt the place for me .
The only thing this place has going for itself is the cleanliness of the restaurant.  The portions are utterly small and at outrageous prices.  I had the egg Noodle wontons and I was very disappointed.
After going to Side Bar we ate The Living Room. The food really good along with a cool urban downtown atmosphere.
First time try here, hope I can get a good experience ; ) the waiters are very nice, and it has the table for us (11 persons  the lobster supreme looks nice, can't wait for
Reservations went well. Check in was smooth. At first glance the car looked great until we left the building and looked at the back seat.  There was rubbish on the chair and water bottles in the doorway.  Ugh! They obviously did not clean the car from their last customer!! Look before leaving the lot!!
bring back the tortas and no one gets hurt!!!!!!
I live near downtown Tempe and eat here at least once a week. I always get the chicken quesadilla with a side order of chips and queso and have yet to be disappointed. The staff is always really cool and polite. Overall I recommend this place if you love quesadillas and queso!
Food is excellent, always fresh, and more than enough. If we are ever in Stonecrest, this is the first place we choose to eat.
Long line to wait to see what is NOT better view than your hotel window.  Go to dinner instead.  Its not a \"ride\", its just an elevator to the 30th floor or so...and then u have to look thru chain link.  Save your money.
All around just ok but too expensive. Much better options at a better price to chose from in the area.
Long wait and they aren't even busy. Brunch is served till 2 and they don't let u order off the lunch menu... Waited an hour and all they offer is a cup of coffee for free NEVER EAT HERE
Yummy coffee. Super nice staff. Nice cozy coffeehouse. If I lived closer, I would be back more often. :)
Dude! This tacos The best i just drove All The way from Cali to try The quesadillas  so good ill be specting a byt in Cali soon i hope! Go worriors!!!s
I will never have my car cleaned here again. They basically squirted leather cleaner on the seats, left it in puddles, didn't wipe it down.  The vacuuming was cursory even after I was specific about it. Don't waste your money and your time.
Was the worse Mexican food I've had in Vegas. El Monterey frozen taquitos, canned salsa and guac, yes the guac here has to be out of a can or container of some sort. The soup was tasteless. I dont think anything is made fresh here. Don't waste your money here.
WTF? I almost broke my damn neck on this ride.\nBumpy and raggedy. $14.\n\nPARKING: Self park, thru the casino, thru the arcade... \n\nWALK TIME: 10 mins top
how does this place have such high marks i was not impressed at all. the decor left soooo much to be desired. the playboy club is dazzling and then you take the escalator up stairs and its such a let down. the dj left a lot to be desired as well.
Grandlux was closed so we wandered the Vegas streets for some food. Relief at the Denny's sign! Yayyyy, took forever, but since its 24 hours u cant really complain. Cheap greasy and good 3am food.
Food great short menu service great and friendly maney beers on tap Just a great neighbor hood bar
great coffee--great servers.\n\nmake sure to get their text specials.
My Favorite Dive in the Valley. Maria (pronounced Mahr-eya) is the best bartender around. I've been coming to the H&H for years. The food is ok, the drinks are strong and it's a come-as-you-are kind of place.
Just got amazing service from Daniel. He smiled while he explained the menu. He offered Eater cups and heated up out desert. The food was great but what made it rock was his service.
It's a Subway.  Friendly enough staff, clean bathroom, conveniently located next to Gold Bar.  The daily special six inch sub is pretty affordable.
Overpriced and uneven haircuts given. Don't waste your money here! It costs more to get a tiny dog groomed than a regular woman's haircut. $55 for a 3 pound dog !! They are crazy...
Top Auswahl\nGutes Ambiente\nPersonal gut\nSchmeckt sehr lecker, das rechtfertigt auch den Preise
Way too yummy! Get the red velvet!
Way overpriced clothing as a foul odor never enough shopping carts whatever you do don't buy you shoes because I got a bad fungus on my toes from it I have to be a medicine for 6 months gross gross gross
Decent food buy WAYYY too expensive. $13.50 dinner price is outrageous. I'd rather go to an actual Chinese place like Sesame Inn and get very high quality food for much less.
Do not use unless you like waiting and being forgotten!  Took me over an hour to get to my hotel from the airport. The return trip they forgot to stop at our hotel.  If I didn't call them I would still have been waiting.
The deep dish was the best.  Make sure you order an entire pie,  they take about 40 minutes so allow you self some time but it's worth the wait.  If you order by the slice it's premade and not quite as special but by the slice is pretty awesome as well.
Better than average BDubs here.  Service is good and beer is nice and cold.
pricey for a breakfast spot, and food was not spectacular.
The bar is pretty big, separated into different areas. The crowd is pretty young, but it's a good place to enjoy a quieter night from the typical Old Town scene.
I was very disappointed with this place. I felt like I was a piece of wood caught in a money machine (in the way). It is very unlikely I will return.
Killer drive-thru breakfast spot. Love the Breakfast Buzz, really kick-starts my morning with the heat of one thousand suns. 5 stars.
Luis and George were here today and job well done again! Carpets were brought to life and Luis was his usual jolly self. See you again in 6 months, put me in your calendar now!
it's a sunoco... Anyway, The store is full of convenience. good place for coffee and smokes if you hate getgo or are on the way up craig out of oakland. I as the duke, or perhaps the once duke, I approve fullheartedly this establishment.
Better than SUBWAY, not as good as FIREHOUSE. A little to pricey for what you get.
Good ol' fashioned diner food with friendly service.  Though they could use better coffee from a local roaster.
Average Thai cuisine.  Not the speediest service.
I had breakfast here several times recently.  We tended to go early in the morning and got good service.  Omlettes and pancakes were excellent.  I definitely never left hungry.
One of the worst service I got in Montreal! The waitress was very rude and the sangria wasn't good either. One of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had!
i have been using them for close to a couple of yrs now and they are always there and do what needs to be done,the only issue i have is i get woken up at 6am on sunday my only day to sleep in...otherwise very happy with service...
I upgraded to the Ultimate Car Wash because of a special.  It was not worth it.  My dash is too oily looking when the finish is matte.  My floor mats were washed and yet I had to pick off debris.  Leather conditioner was left soaking on my seat.
its an OK hotel. If you wanted to just rest for the night in a cheap spot.. this hotel would work fine. the crowd is weird here
i love this place when i'm not sober. sooooooo gooooooood. Came here 3 times today. And I'm probably coming back for more.
The place just isn't the same since Lee sold out.  I've tried to stay but at some point the wide selection of glitter and polishes does not outweigh technicians who don't know what they are doing and who are rude.   I need a new place ;(
it's just that...stay away unless you are in need more than your life.
The service is good which is important!  I ordered a Cesar salad and added chicken I was surprised that the amount of chicken on a skewer was so little I left hungry.  Other than that it was good but guys cut loose with a little more chicken.  :)
Did not care for their menu selections and felt they we're trying to be too gourmet. Was not very good. May be more focus on their wine menu might be better. Probably will not go back.      There are better places to go......
Food was so-so.\nService was ok\nWaitress charged one of our breakfast orders as all side orders which cost an extra $13 over the menu price but I was in too much of a hurry to make a fuss.
I come to this  store every week. the associates are very helpful. Very easy parking.
They didn't know what a hot toddy is. And the coffee was cold. I know this is Arizona but c'mon, it's December.
I went in with no expectations and was extremely pleased with the phood. I did take the food to go, so I did not experience their uncourteous-ness. Those that attended to me were quite helpful. I will gladly eat there again next time I am in Vegas.
Not bad. Not bad at all. It's not like so great but not bad at all. I might go there again. It's good for light meal.
I am a stickler for not only good food, but also quality food... That being said, I definitely will not be returning to this buffet. The food was edible, but the lack of selection and spotty service makes this a place that I will only need to go to once in my short life here on Earth.
i grew up thinking a crepe was golden brown in color, this one was purple or grey,  i'm not quite sure.  The chicken with swiss cheese was just alright, i certainly wouldn't rush back.  It is a very cute place, all the appointments were great, maybe they need to practice the cooking.
They are so slow. Can't get orders right. Wouldn't recommend if you are in hurry. Gas station would be a better option then McDonald's.
Good all around restaurant.  Great service.  Good eats.  I recommend the following the \"Chicken Marsala\", \"Lasagna\", and the \"Koobideh Ground beef kabobs\".
I recently had the opportunity to visit during our Warriors Retreat Workshop. The Marriott went above and beyond to meet all of our needs.
Very nice hotel in a great, convenient location.
The TSA agents here are so rude and don't even give you an opportunity to put your items in the bin before they basically tell you to hurry up and push them through. The only reason I gave an extra star is because southwest has always been wonderful through any airport I have traveled through with them, which is many.
Went here for a team outing. Extremely friendly waiters. They were very attentive. The food was excellent. Didn't know what a Pasty was until I tried my first one. It is similar to a calzone. I highly recommend this restaurant due to the variety of choices on the pasty and friendly staff.
I have been eating here for years. Best pizza in Phoenix!\nThe service used to be excellent, but have seen it decline over time. ONE waitress cannot be of good service to the entire place. Please, Florencia, bring your excellent service back, and we'll be back, too.
I have been to Carolyn at La Bliss several times for Mani/Pedi's and have not been disappointed.  She's super upbeat and fun!! Great variety of both regular polish and Shellac. Has great specials!! I would would definitely  recommend checking this place out.
Had the guys at Vyne do a a large hoop for a table I was building, it came out great, and they got it done in three days. I discovered they have a $75 minimum, which I thought was a bit steep for what it was, but I am still happy with their work.
We eat there alot and we have never had a bad meal. It is recommended to call ahead to place your order.
I went there for Botox and the Vail was bad , they did not open it in front of me like it should be done but in a back room , The effect was 0 \nSo there you go $450 out of the window
Wonderful food, in a lovely setting. Great local produce used to prepare great dishes, presented without too much fuss. Service was great. The restaurant is beautiful too, old stone pillars and opulent decor, with plenty of nooks from which to watch other diners.
we each got a salad and it was fine.  nothing too exciting but left quite satisfied.  the rolls were delicious and there were a few varieties so that was fun. i might eat here again if i'm in the shops area but won't be rushing back.
The food and tea is always spot on! Definitely a hidden gem. The only reason I would give it 3 stars is because of the staff. Possibly understaffed and they Always seem to be a little confused.
I really enjoyed my breakfast here. Their omelettes were definitely good and delicious. The place is simple yet has a nice atmosphere in it. The service here were good too. Already been here a few times and it was a good experience to have breakfast here. Price is pretty cheap too!
Jill Flynn is an amazing photographer!  I have AZ Prussian Snailhound Dog Rescue and her pictures really help to get our pups good homes!  She really captures their personalities in the photographs.  I highly recommend her!
For those of you who don't Pho-know any better; this is pretentious Pho.  You're paying for the modern orange walls and acrylic chairs.  Stick to Pho Chandler.
Good times and good brews.
-fun place to gather friends\n-good food, beers and apps\n-a bit to 'neighborhoodish' but love the dog atmosphere
Unfriendly and unhelpful service. Our shrimp was undercooked and noodle dish had no flavor.Will not be returning.
The food takes too long, but it's SO good.
I'm not sure who is going to win in the Civil War of the amazing flavor that just came from that pizza I loved it every minute of it
Amazing ! I love this place! I wish they had more closer to me! But it's worth the drive(:
The customer service was outstanding. The food was mediocre... But my mother in law loves going here so I had to try it myself.
Best sushi in Vegas. Served by Itamae Aki, everything is excellent. If you're in the 89012, this place deserves a visit. Don't miss the specialty roles listed on the wall (they are hand written in size 5 font so sit to the left at the sushi bar if you want to read).
Staff is the most dis genuine I've ever dealt with in the service industry. The stars are only for the amenities in the Stay well room. Will be filing my complaints with the BBB. We checked out early it was that frustrating.
I had a latte with art ( a tree I suppose ) it was delicious and I'm not a huge coffee lover. Had a Dante sandwich with the carrot salad , the sandwich was very good and tasted fresh and the carrot salad had dried up cranberries which made it sweet , I want to come back and eat here again !
Had another great dining experience at Alexi's last night.  It was very busy but we were waited on immediately as if the place were empty.  The food was delicious.  They serve chocolate cake that is to die for!  Hope to see you there soon...:)
Food was wonderful.  Atmosphere lovely.  I found the service slightly awkward - made me wonder if the host and servers had ever been in a restaurant before.  I would certainly go again!
Located in the food court at Bally's near the monorail. Decent pizza for a decent price if you need something late when everything else is closed and are staying at Bally's or the Paris. I recommend this place over the pizza place located in the Paris.
Still Love this place!
Delicious bagels! Staff was very efficient and friendly, will be back here many times!
I used to enjoy this for lunch on occasion - Sorry to say it CLOSED a couple months ago... I think \"Julio's Too\" is still open.
An extensive menu, something for everyone. Best breakfast anywhere near Fountain Hills. I love the Thursday potato soup! 9 TVs, no reason to miss your favorite team's game.
Fast service. Decent price. Greasy food.
Decent food and good service, very cheap prices. nothing special but ok in a pinch...
Worst tacos ever. Makes me sad. In LA. There are better places in skid row. People. Stop giving these people your money these are not good at all.
Well, not coming back. 35 minutes went by and the waitress made eye contact three times... Hmmm... So Melissa, if your going to survive as a waitress, get it together.
Came in on a thursday lunch.  the place was filled got the garlic prawns and green curry both were amazing
I enjoyed the decor and the bar tender and staff were friendly and attentive.  The food options were somewhat limited, portion sizes were small, and the presentation was so-so.  Overall, the meal was OK, but pricey.
Very overpriced!!! save your money and go elsewhere. Not willing to deal!  Go to Eagle guns instead.
How can you mess up a greasy spoon breakfast?  Well, these guys managed to do it.  Stick with Pamela's.
A fine little M&S tucked away from the bustle of commuters that's a perfect place to grab lunch in the morning, especially when Upper Crust is only serving breakfast baguettes.
The best place in town for weekend brunch.Only 11 dollars a person! Fresh omelets made to order,carving station,shrimp,awesome biscuits and gravy,and all you can drink champagne! A bit out of the way for me,but it's worth it
Awful. These idiots have destroyed several of my shirts as well as several of my wife's dresses. They also iron wrinkles into my suits and shirts.  To top it off they overcharge and they're rude.
Amazing cappuccino!! Free wifi. I would definitely go back.
Consistently a good experience. Amazing hummus, always a variety of new dishes.
The best nightclub I have been to.  It has one of best DJ line ups, and their outdoor area is insane.  I highly recommend going here next time you're in Vegas!
I've taken customers here and its definitely a favorite of ours when we feel like eating upscale.  Its got a nice cozy dining area with TVs and nice dimly lit area.  I'm always struck by the smell of the wood burning grill as soon as I walk in the restaurant and that must be my favorite thing.
Une cafeteria nouveau genre. Parfait pour bruncher!
Over all it was great service!  The food was hit and miss...Vitello Piccata was really salty but the Risotto was awesome.  Three stars because the waiter was a little slow taking our orders and the salty Vitello.
I loved Chuy's, their baja tacos will always be a fond memory for me.  This location is closed and probably will be forever.  They weren't playing by the rules.  Go across the street for some good eats.
I went Arizona Mills to get my ghost armor repaired, the  front  screen had peeled off. The tech informed me he would be happy to replace to for free, however I need to pay $5.00 for his time.  If a product has a lifetime warranty I want to know why I have to pay the tech for their inferior product?
Very bad service. They are extremely slow. I waited 90 minutes even though there were just 2 cars in front of me. I bought the signature service which includes vacuuming which they didn't do at all. When I told them that, they just lied and said they did. Never going back here!
Excellent service. Very knowledgable and friendly. I would def come back again or recommend them to others. Thanks discount!
I have to add this: on more than one occasion we've seen the cooks handling buns right after touching raw meat without washing hands or changing gloves. NOT SAFE!
I've been in the line up so long I thought I would write a review!!!! Smell is very odd and even though there aren't a lot of people we have been here forever, just waiting.....
The food is just ok and sooooo over priced.  The shake is good but again way too expensive for what you get.  I don't think this place will be in business for long because they are just too pricey for what you get!
The bomb.com!! These subs are deelish!  This place gives Subway a run for their money and I was a big fan of Subway!  Every sandwich that I have tried at Firehouse is perfect!  They have great locations as well all across the Valley and the 3 locations that I have been to have great employees and clean restaurants!!
Executive provides shared ride shuttle service from LAS airport to the Vegas Strip for a very affordable rate. Driver friendly and vehicle in great condition. Nice and easy works for me!
AMAZING!  Best in town.  BEST WASH EVER.  Touchless, high pressure hand wash.  A dozen guys in total almost cleaning well and fast.  You'll be AMAZED.  At least try it once.  TIP THESE GUYS.  They are worth it!
I've been shopping here  for years, the staff is GREAT. I rarely walk out empty handed, so many bargains
Not even worth
Good place to go and eat gyros if your up in North Scottsdale. The staff is friendly and the food gets to you real fast. The price is somewhere between 7-10 per meal but that's usual for N. Scottsdale.
I LOVE Dreamy Draw and I'm there almost every weekend. The park is large with plenty of parking and there are numerous paths/trails so your sure not to get bored.
St. Raw Berry is divine!!!
Great food.  Fun vibe from the sushi chefs!
It was a nice place, great food, and fun times with friends.  I got the teriyaki chicken and gyoza.  The gyoza was very good.  The teriyaki sauce was too sweet for me.  The servers are good but had to wave them down a few times for refills.
Oh my goodness is this place good.  The bar atmosphere (on both sides) is nicer than most. The service was great!  The food was such an interesting, delicious twist on the typical bar menu.  I highly recommend the bison burger and shrimp ceviche!  Headed back there soon!
I love this place! I think of it a lot like the Cheers of Vegas. Since moving here I find most of the local spots to be riddled with assholes, but anytime I happen to meander into the Label I feel right at home. Drink prices are average, the Thai food is good, but the staff is the best!
Excellent place for lunch with a little bit of everything. My favorite happens to be the double potato spring rolls so tasty. But you want some kind of Asian or even Italian they have it. Service could be a bit better happens to be slow but for what they offer it is pretty good especially late night.
this mall is pretty big!! they have nordstrom, macy's, and i think robinsons, it was kinda confusing the first time i went to this mall, but i do like the selection on the brand name of clothes, my kinda style.
Went here on a Saturday night. Unlike other clubs there was no cover even for tourist. The music was circuit like and really good. The drinks were VERY weak. I don't know why that's a thing here. Strippers were hot. We had a good time.
Freddy is the BEST massage therapist! He worked out a knot I had in the middle of my shoulder blade and the rest I didn't notice until they were all gone!!! They have me as a member now!! ;)
This is the first time my family has completely different opinions about the food. I personally love there thin, crunchy  style pizza. However, for rest my family it was too thin and the crust was too crispy. If you like thin crust pizza then you should definitely try this one.
A good 'all-around' pet supply store.  The staff is friendly & fairly knowledgeable in their areas.  The store is clean and inviting, with a large selection for just about every pet, be they cat, dog, bird, etc.  They also have frequent specials throughout the whole store.  A great place to have nearby if you own pets.
Went there for brunch , hot cinnamon rolls were fantastic  all three in our party had the same thing which was the radio Maria stack. Which had everything you want In a big breakfast   By the way it was delicious. Waiter was very friendly also\nForgot to mention  the interior design of this place was very attractive and comfortable
I don't like Pei Wei. They have a snow pea fetish that I don't agree with. You get about 5 pieces of meat and then you are left with dry rice.....
Trop graisseux...
Fine place to stop and have a beer.  Just a little bar, tv's and some games.  Johnny Cash seemed to be the theme coming from the jukebox which I had no problem with, it fits the place well.
do not come here horrible gym, staff harassment specially when your husband trying to help you out. parking horrible, gym is basically a meat market. staff rude, dirty disgusting gym.and no free wifi trainers jealous with their CLIPBOARD
Warm crab legs...melted butter. Ughh..'nuff said!
Colourful.....I think thast probably the word for it. \n\nI dont think I have ever been anywhere quite like this place, in their favour they rock a great cheeky vimto!!
Second time I have been here to get a wax and each time I have had Norma.  She is such an amazing lady.  Walked me through the process the first time and put all my fears to rest.  You can never really say waxing is that enjoyable but I can honestly say I enjoy my time with Norma!
The staff is composed of 80 year old ladies that are beyond annoying. Place is nice though \nService: 1/5\nPlace:5/5
I almost always write good reviews. This Starbucks is so slow an the customer service SO bad that I regretted my decision to swing by. I would not recommend it for anyone with less than 30 minutes to wait or doesnt have thick skin, at that! Turned me off from Starbucks for awhile!!
My girlfriend got food poisoning while eating here! I wish I could put zero stars but it wont let me. and it was expensive for what you get.
This show is not as good as the other Cirque du Soleil ones. I felt asleep a little bit during the show. The story is kind of boring. I am not a big fan of the singing. The clowns have a few good acts. I would not recommend it.
Cool place, bad food. The tacos were not impressive at all. The tortillas were cold and the food seemed to be pre-made earlier that day. Definitely not fresh. My stomach ache all night was a reminder to never go  back.
Like everybody said, the wait here is a joke. 2-hour wait and it seems like a norm here. The front desk lady and whoever answered the phone is quite dumb and rude.  The dr. is nice but maybe finding another office with less wait time would be wise.
Full of overpriced shops that think they are on Fifth Ave in New York not a sleazy strip of casinos built with losers money.
The pretzels taste like cheap white bread. The cheese sauce tastes like velveeta. The decor looks like they put a pushcart vendor indoors.
I've been here twice, wasn't too impressed either time.  The food here seems to be perpetually bland. I don't know why. Maybe I just go on \" off\" nights?
excellent food and drinks, happy hour is awesome
Service as great, food just average.  If you have the energy to walk go to the studio walk, you'll find something better.
Simply the best ambiance, food, and service. Eddie and Giovanni are in a class by themselves for professional, accomodating service. Another great meal last night.
This hotel has seen better days. Definitely due for a complete remodel! With that being said, the R steakhouse is awesome. One of the best in Las Vegas.
It's actually a little pricey for the portions.  We got the chicken fried steak which was really good, but not that big.  So, I was a little disappointed.  But overall, the place is nice and staff, friendly
Always love eating here. Friendly staff, prompt, attentive service, great selection & absolutely delicious. Every time.
Great selection of sandwiches and desserts.\nWe have ordered several cakes for wedding, baptism, birthday and been very satisfied with the quality and taste!
One of my favorite places to go after work. Food is awesome and atmosphere is relaxed, come as you are, be who you are. Great outdoor space if you can get a seat! Inside is just as fun. Great place for the Creative Class... have great vegan and gluten free options...
Awesome breakfast. Look forward to coming when I am in town. I always get the key largo crepe. Would love one of these in San Jose. Came on a Sunday once and it was packed so plan to wait. Week days are better.
Had lunch there this week and I gotta say - I am just not sure why folks rave about Pin Kaow.  I've tried 2 of the 3 locations here in the valley and I am disappointed everytime I go and try it again.  Just doesn't seem super fresh and the chicken is pressed.  Not a fan.
This place consistently has old food, rude service, and I have recently decided that I'm not going to go here anymore:/.
Horrible customer service. No one helped me pick out a dress, or in dressing room. I was told one thing and then another. I wouldn't recommend going here.
Why are your lines so long? Worked in retail for many years and really think you can do better.
Such a beautiful store! My favorite place to shop for MacKenzie-Childs and gifts for over 20 years. Everyone is always so nice and helpful! A must go if you're in the Phoenix area.
Waste of time and money. Paid around $11 for lunch as I just missed the happy hour. Just fatty pieces of pork. I will never come here again. Seems like they were more interested in the tour bus business. They even asked if I wanted to come back at another time.
The blackened swordfish of the day was cooked perfectly but the chef drowned it in pepper, which was unfortunate because otherwise this fish would have been delicious. The squash soup (also a special of the day) tasted like it came from a can. The service here is very good but the food just doesn't add up.
I've had the exact opposite experience at this branch as previously described by the other individual. Had my general banking needs can be taken care of without issue.\n\nI'm guessing something might have changed in the past year.
Some good mojitos,\nSome bad attitudes. Must bring \nYour bestest squirrelfriend!\n\n(b)
Sometimes they deliver, sometimes they say, \"Corporate says we don't have to.\" Consistency would be nice. Stinks, because we do enjoy the food....
We were very impressed with our experience. The food was absolutely amazing, wonderful flavor, and presentation. Also very pleased with the service of the staff, everyone was very nice and helpful, esp coming from someone who works in the service industry I can 100% say we enjoyed our experience. We will be back! Thank you !
Best vegan cookies but the service is slow. The food is great. Taco salad and chicken pannis.
Love this place.. guy behind the counter is very helpful. Meat is excellent! found them with one of those deals! Been back several time.
Love the shuttle service so I don't have to worry about being stranded while my car is being worked on. Also, service managers do a great job of keeping me informed.\nLove this place Honest and accurate repair.
awesome food for a cheap cheap price. Sweetest women ever work here
I won't go anywhere else for Chinese.
The food is authentic and makes you want to come back for more! Never disappointed! I must add they have Great costumer service!
Nice location, clean, good customer service and selection. Nice Pet Hotel and Grooming areas as well.
Love it!! Only thing is just go in for a slice because delivery and tax ends up being so expensive.
Mediocre food, average atmosphere...it did not live up to the billing it had been given by a friend.
Tucked back in a small strip mall, this is a great little place with a very friendly and helpful owner/chef, super service, some killer salsa and good food.  We had the red chile and green chile burritos.  Tender meat. large portions and priced right.
This place has good food but it is what it is. It's a bar for rowdy people with that hip live retro music. Assume that based on the attire of the staff they want a desired effect.
Nothing special about this place.  Prefer local coffee houses.
I've eaten at Pepes several times. Decent portions, good prices and usually pretty tasty. Id' go for a Burrito or a plate over the tacos though. Better value.  Also this is  authentic Mexican. Thumbs up for me.
Seriously awesome pizza, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The salads are HUGE! Oh, and don't forget a pizookie!!
The food here is great, but beware, they no longer take the restaurant.com gift certificates.  Get your money back.
Seriously good New York style pizza! Thin, crisp but chewy crust, great variety of ready made pizza-by-the-slice at lunchtime...something to suit any mood. Good thing I'm only visiting town or I'd spend way too much time here.
Great stop after the club. Open 24 hrs! But why am I not surprised...vegas never sleeps! Long line to get in but we didn't wait too long. I got the combination pho that hit the spot but I felt like I had more meat than noodles.
I like Wal Mart. I really do. Just not this one. I feel like I need to take a shower after I'm done shopping here.
I would rate it zero because the manager is a terrible person. They delivered to the wrong apt and when I called they started scalding me over it. Horrible management which means they most likely spit in your food.
I've been here several times and the people are always very knowledgeable and friendly. The coffee is really good and the selection is broader than other coffee shops in the area. This plus plentiful outlets (almost every table can access one) and a cool, laid-back atmosphere makes this my favorite coffee shop in Squirrel Hill by far.
So slow, took over 50 minutes both times when told about time crunch. Never again. \nFood was decent
In my opinion this theater is better than the other Station Casino theaters. The theater seats are decent and selection of movies is good. Will come back again.
Wow...Ice cream benihanas! Ice cream made before your eyes on a ice pan. End result was great tasting fresh ice cream. Great Experience...take the kids and enjoy!
I like riding my bike there and their prices are less than a weekly market. I do wish they did not have anything from Mexico though. I am ok with avocados traveling from California but we do grow tomatoes here.
We went there, food was bad and over priced. wrote a bad review and it disappeared  kinda funny only good reviews
Skip it. Really not worth it. Over attentive but inefficient service. Yeah, I know. Sounds weird, but it was. Waiter even passed a bigoted slur on his staff. Manager tried to bail us out from of mess of problems. AND, got really sick within an hour.
I called and left a message and emailed them through their website over a week ago and never got any response back.  Bummer...
Pretty good ramen, big portions for the price... We liked the pork slices with the tonkatsu broth.  I would recommend skipping the beef slices (lacked flavor and was dry).  I will go back when craving Japanese ramen.
Food was god awful. The mole sauce tasted like they used powdered chocolate just tasted weird. My parents live close to the restaurant and I was craving Mexican as I'm from NYC and there is not much selection in terms of decent Mexican. \n\nIf you are in Henderson avoid this place like the plague
Place is amazing !!! All shapes and colors for your beach cruiser needs !! I called and needed a last minute Bday gift , they stayed open and made a Bday wish happen , great  customer service , that local feeling . I will definitely be going back !!! Thank You
I know I look like a fat ass because my past few posts are all BUFFET reviews, but I did the whole buffet passport thing. Soooo worth it btw!!\n\nThe best part of this buffet was that you got to make your own crepe. the end.
It's ok... Two stars for the atmosphere. Service is so so. The chips and salsa are not  great and I can't stand when Mexican restaurants charge for them. The tacos weren't too bad but not something to come back for.
Travis is very nice and helpful
The most amazing food I have ever eaten in Las vegas. The house salad dressing blows my mind it's so delicious. The filet mignon was perfect. The mashed potatoes are out of this world. The chocolate layer cake gave me a foodgasm. You must go here and have the dinner special for 39 well worth every penny.
Cool environment, good food and drink selection, great happy hour prices but they could turn the music down a scoatch so the customers could hear each other easier. We will definitely be back but hopefully next time the DJ won't have such a heavy hand.
Gorgeous place! Nice and VERY talented hair stylists! Totally worth every penny! It's a MUST for gals with curly hair :)
I've had several items on their menu and have been let down each time.  Serving portions are very small.  The many HDTVs are a definite plus tho!!
love the way how it looks inside!!! \nvery cozy and elegant!!! \nand the food was awesome!!!
Absolutely beautiful decor.  Tasteful, interesting, makes you feel as though you've escaped the desert.\n\nSpring rolls were tasty, salad was intense but delicious in its way.
Love this place for all their quality foods, treats, and eventa for our pup. They care about our 4 legged pup and us as well. The owners have become our friends and we even made a few fountain hills friends at spikes events. Definitely recommended!
We are very satisfied with the food and service. Unlike most authentic Vietnamese restaurants, the service is really good. Our food came great tasting and timely. The restaurant is all clean and pleasant. We will definitely come back and recommend this place!
Service lent, cocktails pas \u00e0 leur meilleur. Ambiance de Casino.
Only reason they get two stars is because their pies are great. Terrible service and don't have enough people working so it takes half an hour to get anyone to even acknowledge that you are waiting.
valarie was nice, i was the only guest but i enjoyed my tuna salad sandwich and my frangelico and coffee.. her conversation was good and not intrusive even though i had a million questions about the area..
Food was OK. Place was dirty!  Tables and chairs are old but that's not an excuse for the nasty tables.
Lame... Haunted my a$$!!! This place is like any other park with lots of kids playing.
Food is good but loaded with sodium. I've had the turkey burger, fried pickles and atomic fries. Make sure you drink lots of water to counter act the salt explosion in your mouth and have some tums ready. I wouldn't go there if my friend didn't absolutely love this place.
We loved everything we got there the frog legs was good the fish is delicious alligator was great.
Skip the 2/1 offer. Drinks are ok but they automatically add the gratuity AND a service charge. I didn't mind the gratuity this time because the service was good but the service charge was ridiculous.  When we asked about it the response was that it was charged because we sat at a table.  Tacky.
Roll up the doors and get yourself a burger and a beer.  That is the theme at Al's Garage.  It is a fun time here and the burgers and fries are worth coming for as well.
Super friendly coffee spot!  VEGAN milks!!!!!  Yea!!!!!!  Almond, soy and rice.  The owner is very accommodating and the inside is nicely decorated...it's so peaceful in here and almost comfortable enough to take a nap!
great experience a must try!
Burger was thrown in the box and the entire thing was overlooked. Never go here
Always a nightmare to cash out here.
This is the only place i\"ll go for my nails.\nGreat service, friendly staff, and I never have to wait long.
I have to appreciate that Frank's gave me a call to improve my opinion of them, but unfortunately, I have moved away from the Vegas area. On top of all that, my car is having a hard time holding its idle after the work I had here. I'm going to have it worked on again....somewhere else.
A fun place to take the kids while in Vegas. Get the soda sampler and some extra cups to share tastings.\n\nThey take your picture with the coke polar bear downstairs. Its not free but still enjoyable.
Great food, great people!
Although this Streets never has the same staff twice in a row ( which probably says something about the management) my wife and I continue to frequent it because we like the pizza. They make a pretty decent sub sandwich as well.
I love my cherry lashes! It saves the hassle of getting ready as I am always on the go. I love the convenience of it and its nice to look pretty all the time when you wake up. I can't go without them and look forward to my appts everytime. Definitely recommend as the pricing is reasonable!
Great date spot!  The patio is so cute.  The pizzas we had were fantastic and the Nutella Mascarpone crepe was to die for!  Can't wait to go back!
Entertaining and exciting when dining with a large group. The atmosphere is very modern and the pleasant staff round out the dining experience. The food was delicious and  is great to share in a large party. Fantastic!
Many changes since the manager change. Not all the new people up to speed. Hope it gets better
A head chilling stroll...\nRelaxing without chaos...\nAn urban escape.
Excellent food! The Hot Sake was the only disappointment. Great service too.
Great happy hour beer special with friendly bartenders.  This is a good place to start and end the night.  There food is decent (gringo Mex) as well and I like the Mexican out door atmosphere feel.
Loud.  Cheap Mexican food.  Beer.  Better than Mi Patio.  What else yuh wanna know?
Only reason I'm not giving it four stars is that they're cash only.  Kind of a pain. Great otherwise.
Changed owners and the name. Epic fail! Prices have almost doubled as has the wait time.
bad bad bad dinner. the food is not tasty. the price are very high. i dont recommend this place at all !
They say us in the back for 1hr no service after we called ahead for reservations we couldn't tell you if the food was good we left
The mixed reviews on here confuse me; I thought this place was great! Good house wine, burger was delicious, fish and chips was well prepared, and I'm still thinking about the banana pudding 4 days later. We live right near this restaurant, I wish we had visited sooner. We will definitely be back!
best staff ever, i drive almost 15miles just to get the great customer service :DD keep up the great work
Same old, same old... my GF and I came here because we had the munchies and didn't feel like going into a noisy casino.  They have a sign out front advertising they had Wi-Fi.  But it didn't work.  :(
Very intimate with great views, but also with enough room to dance. Met a group of cool guys and girls here with whom my gal pal and I hung out with for a considerable part of the night (our thinking was strength in numbers=no date rape). Not a problem. Loves it.
Place is great but this woman serving me is weird, she is loud and obnoxious. I wonder what she is on. 12.06 pm sept 20
We visited this pub on our first trip to Charlotte. The Guinness Stew and Potato Cakes were very tasty. Our server was friendly and fast. Our beers were never empty before we had a refill. Great place!
This is a great store because they carry all kinds of natural and organic products that most grocery stores don't carry. The only thing that keeps me from rating this location \"exceptional\" is the small parking lot.
Friendly staff, good atmosphere, free wifi and pool, and enough tvs. Plenty to like.
love the Atmosphere, service, & yummy pizza!
I only ever go here when my boyfriend is craving a greasy, tasteless fatburger. I can't stand these things. Like another poster said, they just make me hungry for In-n-out.
This is a great place to enjoy \"Taco Tuesday\". They have cheap amazing tacos and their house margaritas are delicious. I normally would have something negative to say about a business, although that is not the case here. \n\nYou can definitely expect me here more frequently.
Great espresso drinks and delicious fresh Crepes.
Soooo expensive.  They come up with arbitrary charges that end up costing an arm and a leg.  They also ripped the seam on one of my shirts in the process of cleaning it.  Would NOT recommend.  There is a $2.25 dry cleaner right down the street on Indian School that I've started going to instead.
We took mom there for little birthday party and sad that we did. The FLIES where every place, inside,  outside, should call the fly bar. Makes you think what in the kitchen. Won't be back.
Nails here are good but slow. I stopped coming here because of the price and slowness. I paid 55 for acrylic glitter tips. Plus tip. Not worth the money. My other place I go are 40 and 20 for fill. And just as good.
Wednesday evening at 6PM.  I could see the two cooks, the two waitresses and the other two customers in the Brat Haus. Walked out after 15 minutes. Could not get service.  Water was brought to the table and the waitress never came back.  It is a shame because I was looking forward to this place.
The only thing I like about this place is there Iced coffee and the Roasted Beef sandwiches. \n\nLee's Sandwiches is Over RATED!!!
i love the food its all delicious, i have no complaints about that. every time i come i'm welcomed with kindness by both young ladies that host upfront. there is one gentleman that always gives an attitude for some reason and its every time i go. over all the food is great!!
Okay, the place does not have the best atmosphere or decor .... but the food is pretty tasty and the prizes are reasonable. Good place to go for a casual, quick bite to eat.
Had a nice happy hour at Windsor.  Parking was a cinch, good food and drink specials for happy hour, attentive & friendly service and a cool atmosphere.\n\nI didn't eat anything, but I will definitely be back to try more that Windsor has to offer!
Great tomato soup and frozen hot cocoa
lins is honestly the most amazing buffet ever !! maybe if you guys stop being disgusting and making a mess it wouldnt be so dirty ! the food is great and for a very reasonable price ! :)
When you walk through the door you're greeted and thanked. The store hasn't been all that great since they remodeled. There's less selections in movies and CDs. Some of the products are overpriced. Usually when I go there, I walk out with nothing. I rather shop at the other stores in the area.
First check in on 4sq every time you come. Penny beer every 5th trip. It's all about the naked grilled  wings. I get mine hot. Not a fan of the breaded wings, but naked with no breading are fantastic. Also say hi to Eva behind the bar. She's great at what she does.
Fantastic food!  My wife and I love it.  We've tried 6 or 7 different entrees here and it is up to par with any other great Thai restaurants we've been to around the country.  Service is always great and you can't beat the lunch specials.  2 thumbs up!
Tried this place the other day and the food here is very delicious. It's around the corner from my house. Another mom and pop business that we should be supporting. Service was superb and the food is great !
What more can you want? Cheap used stuff being sold by a company that does good for a lot of people. I am sold! Keep it up :)
I liked the atmosphere of this restaurant but that is about all I liked.  The food was average as was the service.  Have not been back.
I have eaten at a lot of Ruth's Chris joints.  This was the only place where nothing tasted like any of them.  Apparently not part of the main chain and it shows.   Fail on all levels.  Had to send steak back twice before I just said to hell with it.  Horrible.
This place has been going down hill. The food quality is getting worse and worse. The servers are trying to make it a better experience but the food is just disappointing. Skip this place if you can until they either fix with what's wrong in the kitchen.
Service was excellent, but the food did not equal the price.  My pasta was lackluster at best.  For the price, I would go to Lydias.
Disappointing experience. Service was pretty much non existent and food was mediocre. Our server seemed to be annoyed with us needing refills or anything else.
The place was charming, and we enjoyed the food, particularly the brats and sweet potato fries, but to call it a serious restaurant is a bit much, since the fare is mostly pub food.  Our main objection is that the music is too loud and the sound system is terrible.
This was my second time here.  Family members love this place.  Small store footprint makes for less travel.  Good selection of a little of everything.  I was struck by the large number of packaged, prepared foods and the steady shopping traffic at 9 PM.
The ladies at the Waxing Studio are super nice! They did a great job and I would recommend their services. They are quick, clean, and professional!
Hands down the best haircut I've ever had! I was working in Arizona for the week and was looking for a spot I could get a good haircut. I came across Shaving Grace and got exactly that. The guys are easy-going. You basically get a haircut/ shave and a show.
Hanny!! Was awesome.. Me and my friends were driving and I saw this place .. And then they looked it up on yelp! And the food was great!! Service was great! Def enjoy coming back here again..
I always end up getting their Mido roll!  Not a big fan of their deep fried stuff.  It always taste like it was left out for awhile or bad oil.  Also like how they serve you miso, salad, and edamame right off the bat.
I love this place!!!!!!
The food is great, the prices are up there. It's always freezing cold in the restaurant so if you're not doing takeout bring your sweater. Definitely get the side of Mac and Cheese, you won't be disappointed!!
We had a great dinner just now.  The service was excellent, food came out fast and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.\nWe definitely will be going back!
Food is good, but service is a way too slow. So, if you have 1 hour lunch, do not go there as you will get your food 5 minutes before your lunch is over.
Not consistent here like other Cafe Rios in Las Vegas with food quality or offering military discounts. Two week's ago offered and today not. Without a doubt, the dryest fish taco I have ever had. However, real fish as I found an 1-inch bone in my fish taco. Not coming back here.
Chelci has been doing my hair for 3 years. She is very talented and creates great color and cuts! She listens to what you want and will offer feedback. She's done beautiful updo's for my daughter's school dances.
This place is horrible !!!!!!! If you want your friends Asian grandmother to do your toes and not really paint in between the lines , then by all means this is your spot .... Offered no compinsation for the shitty pedicure I got !! Won't go back !!
Never enter this place unless you're looking to get ripped off!  No refund/return policy on your receipt.  Biggest buyers remorse ever!
Place is a hole in the wall. They have a good Pad Se Eew. Fried rice isn't so good. They good lunch deals.
Worst Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had! Not sure if it's the seasoning on the beef or the beef but it has no flavor and very bland. Waste of $10! Won't be coming back.
How do you run a business without a phone.  Their reservation system sucks.  Great food....OK service...but really....answer your frigging phone.
You'd think Vegas would have a rockin airport, but this one is actually kind of shabby as airports go. But the option to 'buy' yourself a seat at a slot machine while you wait for a flight is unmatched.
Very mediocre. There are two better thai options in the downtown area... Thai Elephant and Thai E San. Wild Thaiger had mediocre curry ( i have tried to enjoy dinner there two times,  and horrible, slow service. \n\nCheck out the places I mention above.
My salmon didnt even taste like salmon :( & my rice was super cold. The imitation crab in the rolls tasted like it was straight out of a blender. Prices were double average prices. I usually expect good food out of hotel restaurants in Vegas. This was pretty bad. The seaweed was also very soggy. Never returning
I haven't been here in over a year and this place still rocks.  5 star, still the best Gyro's in town.
This is truly one of the nicer airports. The staff are friendly & helpful. Even tho they took my shampoo, I wasn't made to feel like a criminal for having shampoo.  Going & coming was a good experience.
Simply put, one of *the* best rubber stamp stores in the U.S. I have yet to ever walk out of this store empty handed. Debbie (The owner) not only is extremely friendly and helpful but also she's got taste in what she orders. You want art stamps? You want the newest and best? Go here.
I love this place. They have never let us down. Great pizza, Decent prices, Nice service.
Best take out lasagna in Montreal -  a huge family favorite
I give 5 Stars to Customer Service but MINUS 1 Star for having the environment dark! Food was delicious and average.Plus I MINUS 1 more Star for charging my 6 years old daughter $15 for 5 piece of \"California Rolls\" ... really its California Rolls!!!
Good time, kind of quiet for a Saturday night, but lots of TV's. Classy hostess outfits =)
Quite possibly the worst barber shop on the planet. I have never seen haircuts take 45 minutes or longer.  I guess these guys are not interested in making money. If you have 3 hours to kill...this is your spot.
Maybe I am growing out of my kid phase, but I thought the hot dog on a stick was gross and soggy! But I will say the lemonade is delicious! Drive thru was fast and they were nice. So-so. Nothing to brag about.
Everything is over the top huge, and battered. Really greasy. \nI wouldn't go here again. Dissappointed.
Rather ordinary Greek fast food with a McDonald's feel to it - cheap, uniform, and people going there because it is located where nothing good to eat fast is nearby.\n\nFalafel was just ok, fries ok, and I'm not sure why it was a little pricey for what I got.
Awesome, STRONG drinks in cool glasses and a dark, dark room.  Need I say more young grasshopper?
Had halibut. Was well overpriced and over cooked and chewy. Won't go back. Paid over 60$ for mediocre quality.
Sesami Inn will deliver up to a certain distance, not sure what that distance is though. I can verify they deliver to parts of the South Side. Good Chinese food.
Popular place on a Saturday night!  We were able to get a seat at the bar and that worked out perfect!  The bartenders were very friendly and the food was really good.  The turkey burger was great...no complaints and the fries were tasty too!
My waiter was awesome and my food was.delicious i.got.chicken fajita tacos. Mmmm love it
I live in Marley Park and walked here with a friend on a Saturday night. We had a few martinis and they were AMAZING! The key lime pie one was especially delicious... and strong! I am anxious to try their food, as their menu looked very good and decently priced. Burgers were around $10.
This place is good, service is good, pizza is good. The price is ok, the building is getting a little worn down. \n\nThere is only an outside table to eat there. Nothing inside.
Went here for a quick lunch when I arrived in Tempe. The menu has a large variety of different Mexican and not so Mexican dishes. I had the carne asada; it was decent. Nothing to complain about, but nothing to rave about either.
Food has good flavor, but I would have preferred a bigger portion of meat and hotter food. They really aren't out to impress, only to fill your belly.
food was good but the service needs to be more polish. I know its a good restaurant but the servers need training. Food is good and always ask for fresh salsa..
This is not a bad little Chinese food place. It's very clean inside and the employees are friendly. The food is relatively inexpensive and satisfying, even if it's not of mind-blowing quality. It's a good place to hit up on a weeknight when you don't feel like cooking or going broke.
Phenomenal Sushi!!! Yum! We come here at least once a week!
The service was piss poor, the bartender did not know how to make a simple drink.  Don't waste your time or money.
My go to when I don't want to sit in a smokey bar to eat dinner.  Fast friendly service and good food.
This place is fun and the food is delicious, great service and location! Try it before or after catching a movie!
What happened to the Rio?  I checked in and checked out.  The room was horrible.  it had a couch that was covered in stains.  Hallway carpets were filthy.  Rio needs some definite renovating on all levels.
I've been going to Dr. Patel for over 10 years now and he has always been a great doctor. I can always count on getting in right away and have the confidence Dr. Patel and his staff will take care of me. I recently recommended one of my good friends when she was looking for a new doctor and she loves him too!
The service here was good, but the food was bad.  All of our food came out cool to the touch.  We ordered the pick your own combo and the meat all came lumped together and was full of fat.  Not too sure if we'll be back.
Took a buddy to lunch here last month.  Surprised to get there around 11:30 and be the only ones there...  The food was great, as was the service.  Looking forward to my next meal here the next time I pass through Phoenix.
Cheapest gas prices in town!!  A couple of weeks ago I paid $2.49/gallon.  Yesterday it was $2.59 when most places are over $2.60 or even to $2.77!  The clerk was real nice, too.
Great decor, great service, and great food! Stopped here for dinner while we waited for the Cirque Du Soleil K\u00c1 to start. Prices are also reasonable. Will return when given the chance!
Slower than desired service the last two visits. Food is decent. Flat iron steak sauce was very salty.
Love it! Very intertaining. Way better than I thought about a hynosis show.
Ive had PHO in alot of different places throughout the country and well, this place would be right at the bottom of the list of good places to eat.  If you got no where else to go, i guess this will have to do.
Our food was served Luke warm. The sweet and sour chicken was terrible. I ordered Brown rice which was not cooked completely
Awesome sports bar and great beer and nice staff. If the peeps from Alaska ever come to Cali look me up.
I really enjoyed my pizza at Monical's. To me, having eaten here during my graduate school days. A schoolmate advised me to ask for their French dressing on my pizza. It was absurd, of course, but tasted fantastic. Now I won't get it any other way. Thanks for the memories, Monical's.
Gotta love this place for quality shoes at bargain pricing.  Why pay top dollar at Nordstrom if you can get the same shoes here for much less?
This place is great. Gave 4 stars cause of Anthony the manager. Anthony told us last night at 10:25pm that we must drink up, and get out because the \"automatic alarms\" were going to go off. Other staff was just staring at us dumb founded. Anthony is bad for business.
Our of this world phenomenal! Lived every bite. The hoof wings were a treat, the cheese curds delicate and awesome; the bbq Mac & cheese blew me away. It is a bed of pulled pork covered with Mac & cheese. House made root beer and cream soda were killer.  One of my favorite must-hit places in Wisconsin
Gets 2 stars because they have a small selection of very cool collectables and nice staff. Jewelry collection is small and not to interesting. Lots of cheap new jewelry.\n\nThey need to clean the sidewalk in front of the store they make enough money
The food ad no flavor and the foods that say spicy have no heat the only good thing was pot stickers
\"2 in tha mornin, got the fat burger\" ain't nothing like a juicy double king cheeseburger with a fried egg and an order of fries at 7am to soak up all that hennessy!!! Awwww it was a good day
Service was excellent and the atmosphere was pleasant, but the food cannot be recommended.  Filet was thin, dry and not particularly flavorful, and the broccoli side was over cooked.  My wife's crab cakes had nice large pieces of meat, but seemed a bit old.  There are must better choices near by.
Stated here once awhile back and the hotel itself is very nice. But the sheets had a blood stain on them that looked like dried up period blood. When calling the front desk they offered 120 bucks back on a room that cost 500. Yea I'll never stay here again!
$14.75 for one well rum & coke not including tip...I don't freaking think so ever again.. plus, I had to send my boyfriend to get me my drink since NO ONE ever came to our table ever. Oh wait I take that back, the cocktail server did stop by to say where closing now.
The quality of food was fair. Salami was old and rubbery. The service was very sub-standard. Slow service combined with missing food items, non responsiveness, and poor etiquette.   The LA Morels is far superior.
Cheese curds taste so good here. Many choices for sliders and they taste good too. Nice environment and the server was very nice and friendly. Great place!
Enjoyed the movie, clean theater, but completely inappropriate movie poster by the bathrooms of Cameron Diaz in her underwear. It's one thing if someone chooses to go to a movie with things like that in it but another to go to the movies to see how to train your dragon and young kids are seeing that poster.
If you enjoy being crunched in a tiny space with middle aged wannabe rich women while screaming immigrant babies run rampant through the store this place is for you.
Great food and excellent service every time I'm here. Also reasonably priced. My favorites are the Korma and Tikka Masala chicken dishes and garlic naan. There's a lunchtime buffet too but I've never tried it.
My husband and I absolutely LOVE this restaurant! Anytime I find myself craving Mexican food, the first place that pops in my head is Salsa Blanca. We have always encountered friendly, welcoming staff and amazing, fulfilling food. What more could you ask for?!
Worth the 15 min. Drive. Creative concept came thru on all notes , well done  generous portions  left totally satisfied   love the  Drink Menu
Delicious!!! Ended up eating there twice in two days. The first day I ordered the key lime tart which was very good. The second day I ordered the white chocolate , chocolate, Oreo cheesecake which was AMAZING!!!! I want to try everything!!!
Such great service!  Everyone in there is so nice.  My husband bought my engagement ring at Ganem and they are always so helpful whenever I bring it in to get cleaned or buffed.  Great staff & never any pressure to purchase.  The only jewelers we will use from now on.
Very nice blackened shrimp taco and chicken taco. The guacamole was heavenly. Cool place with a nice atmosphere. Go there.
Was finally awake late enough to go. It was pretty packed. GREAT DRINKS! The music was mostly hip hop, r&b, and rap. Got a lil to freaky in there but hey what can you do. Lol
Excellent staff!  Very friendly and the Doctors spend a lot of time with you!  Never making you feel rushed!  My prescription has always been spot on!
My favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. The food is excellent and they are super fast in case you are ever in a rush. \n\nGarlic Edamame to start is a must.  I personally love the Johnny Roll with no rice, the Candy Roll, and Hawaiian roll. The tuna nigiri is always fresh.
Way overrated by yelp! Pho ok, but small portion and not much meat
Uhh Huh...pastry and my sixteen year old loves their Cuban
4 hour plus wait for table of 6 at buffet - what a mistake - don't bother - so many other options!  Would give 0 stars but can't !
Great service and the pizza is super good! Must try the vegan pizza and Mr. White (for those that are dairy inclined). Make your own pizza from their ingredients, cooked in 2 minutes in their 800 degree oven. We will return again and again, it's really that good!
Good bar staff, lots of options for sandwiches and beverages. Good eats at a good price.
I liked this theater!! There is a parking lot nearby that is free after 6 pm. There is additional seating in the balcony, which has sofas!! They sell standard concessions and it is byob- there are probably a half dozen bars within a 5 block radius so grabbing a 6 pack is convenient! The bathrooms were large and clean.
Definitely not bad; not really good either. It's nice that the garlic knots are complementary and pretty good. Nice discounts offered. Will not be back.
Definitely not stingy on the meat! The hot corned beef and the baked potatoes are delicious .
Very good quality food, the service peoples that sit you down are really lame. Very impatient and super lame! They really show you how lame they are. It's been awhile since I've been there, but hopefully the owner replaced them.\n\nYou can't hate on their food!
Was hoping to have fun but overpriced beer and unfriendly bartender ( Brittany). Really 6.75 for a beer. Left after one.
Great service and amazing food.
Shitty the shrimp was so freaking thick with the batter from being fried and they don't put the cook the food with its sauce. Sooo gross yuck !!! Worst chow mien, I could've had a better dinner at panda.
came here with my bestie for a massage cz we got very bored in our hotel. oh man.. this place really can work it!!! it was very relaxing and i actually didnt feel like kicking someone in the face while they touched my toes LOL coming back here everytime i visit arizona ^_^
This store is great! They have a huge selection of retro games and systems (as well as new), card games, and even a board game selection that is pretty impressive! You can buy, sell, and trade here. All in all a great local shop with everything you may need at great prices!
Great food so far I have my new pho soup spot.  Pretty clean.  Service can be awesome.  Thai iced tea is pretty good.  Been here several times now.  They even have a happy hour.  Egg rolls have fish in them however still very good unfortunately my wife is unable to eat them because of the fish.
Always delivers a fresh, quality product. I find myself craving the Black Pepper Chicken quite frequently.  Friendly staff and quick service. Love, love, love this place.
La bouffe est plut\u00f4t bonne.\n\nPourquoi deux \u00e9toiles ?\n- Pas d'alcool.\n- Des mouches partout.
Gigantic casino with an awesome pool and lazy river. Fat Tuesdays downstairs. You can tell this hotel has passed it's prime though. Strayed from classy and epic to slightly cheesy and desperate. Considered far from other attractions on the strip. Still up there in quality and awe though.
The Yelp community let me down this time, it was either them or us...\nFinish reading\nhttp://www.thaifoodaficionado.com/2012/07/bangkok-tai-restaurant-champaign-il.html
Anthems great little secret.  We spash padded.... We've been twice in a week and it's never crowded! The ants are bad but bearable. I am loving every park we've seen in this area so far, and can't wait to try them out when the weather cools off.
This is the holy shrine for reloaders.  I came here from the People's Socialist Republic of California and was treated very well by the staff, who were both knowledgeable and pleasant.
This is a nice addition to the Concordia University downtown campus. It doesn't cost a lot to have a big burrito that will feed you for an entire day! Fresh ingredients, custom-made burritos and meals, it's just one of my favorite spots when I go to university and need to take a bit before classes!
It's near my shop, so I go once in a while for lunch. The shrimp and chorizo burrito is well worth stopping in for.
This is probably one of the slowest and crowded post offices in our state. I still go here though to contribute to helping support the postal system. At least my mail is timely to my home from here. They do have a great drive up system but traffic is pretty busy at this corner.
Service was terrible. Our server was completely inept, requiring constant reminders for the simplest of requests (e.g., a glass). The food was borderline at best - bland and unremarkable. Overall, the experience will not be bringing us back.
Lame lame lame.  Felt very amateurish.  Unorganized.  Slow lines.  If your idea of scary is a few teenagers jumping at you, you'll enjoy.  Also extremely rude chick at miners entrance.  Save your money not worth the admission
Ordered the nice piece tender with a large cajun fries... and got 1 ranch dipping sauce. How is a brotha supposed to ration 1 ranch with 9 pieces of chicken??
I have been taking boot camp classes for years. I finally found the right fit and motivation here in Arizona at Impact. Great for all levels. Steve works with each new student to help them achieve their own and personal fitness goals. I get a great workout and will continue to attend Impact.
they need to update there menu online... one star for the hummus and one star for the pita bread . the rest is lack of flavor chicken meat dry no flavor and kefta no flavor....
My 3 year old LOVES this place!  It is smaller and there seems to not be as many \"big kids\" running around.  My \"big kids (7 and 6) get easily bored here though.  I would recommend it for kids 5 and under not so much for anyone much older than that.
Consistent bad service and the food is always cold. I have been to a few restaurant owned by the Romulus corp. and I have to say they all have terrible food, dirty dining area, billing errors, and most of all the WORST staff!
the menu always changes, so i can't make any recommendations, but everything here was delicious and the waitstaff was very prompt and polite. they had a great wine list and some interesting sounding cocktails too.
I was going to give it two stars, but its family owned and they are sweet.
Excellent breakfast. Regular pancakes rocked. Staff was super and we were seated immediately on a Saturday. So lucky. My first 5 star rating on Yelp.
Barb is unique, she is a CPA with a personality! Her entire office is that way, and on top of that they are very experienced at what they do. I have no hesitation in recommending Appenzeller & Associate CPAs.
This place is legit. Had a great experience while visiting from pa and I must agree about cheesesteaks, and i have tried all the Philly spots. Good prices and great food/beer.
Delicious.. Amazing falafel and \"the chick\" pita. Can't wait to try everything else.... Extra hot sauce and tahini sauce please!
Ultralounge, smultralounge.  felt like any other club to me.  we missed our table (if we really had one), and place was already packed by 11:20.  They were nice and still let us in, but group of 12 dudes has no business being in a place like this without table/bottles.
BEER is great here. Tons of selection so you never get bored. The service is great on some nights but on some nights it sucks. Unless you sit at the bar. Food is actually pretty good for being a bar. Also, Alicia worst server NA.
Good food and really nice people! Love their chicken and rice soup - especially with the hot sauce they serve with it! Yummy!
Very surprised at the prices at the Fresh Market - Wish they were justified! The staff, mainly the younger staff, are not very friendly or helpful.  I have found the exact same products at Earthfare to be much cheaper. It will be very interesting to see what happens to FM when the much loved and long awaited Whole Foods Market comes to Charlotte.
Can't go wrong. A clean, modernized decor, and everything we ordered (beef and chicken pho, fresh spring roll) was above average.
Planet Hollywood is located on central of the strip. It's same spot from Aladdin Las Vegas.\n\nPlanet Hollywood is designed to make ordinary people feel like stars and the hotel rooms are no exception. \n\nBe honest, I found the restaurants in PH are more causal and affordable than other hotels.
Not impressed. We ate here before the Celine concert since it was close and will not go back.  The margaritas were great, but you can keep the rest.  Average to below average food at best.
Juicy, tender, smokey, tangy ribs are the bomb here. \nThe workesr are really nice and the overall enviroment is really chill. \nThey also have a giant TV albeit a little discolored but games are always on. Highly recommended if you want some BBQ
Ordered take out. I was told I could pick it up in 15 minutes. It's now been 45 minutes and I'm still waiting. Understaffed.
The gyros are okay, just okay.  Way overpriced but real quick on deliveries which is a plus.
Food was really good! The tenderloin ala Blue was so good with their risotto. DO NOT Valet your car though. Took us 45 min to get it back.
What? This store is closed! I went by today and there were people boxing up the inventory and a sign telling me to go to other stores!
We tried them for the first time. The service was good but the food was not as good as we expected. We did like all the topping they offer for the burgers but their fries were not crispy. They were limp and tasteless. The peanuts while you wait was a nice touch but we still prefer In & Out.
Horrible service. Burger cooked wrong and it took 20 minutes to get it replaced. Definately not a place to visit if you have less than 2 hours for lunch.  Entree prices good but $3 for regular ice tea :(
My business is a part of the Scottsdale Chamber of Commerce and I attended a Chamber meeting this morning that Xona hosted.  Everything was great: the poolside views, the excellent breakfast, and the service was friendly and timely. \n\nI did not stay there but recommend checking out the resort.  I really had a great experience.
this place is like the Subway of Sushi places. Nothing worth writting home about. Id come in here for lunch but they dont open til 5. They arent date worthy, not that fancy. the food aint bad and the staff is decent. needs a better selection of beer.
no appt possible for detailing on weekends!!!!!   this is how this business's advertising should read.  always call ahead on weekends for detailing!!!!!!!
Had to wait over 20 minutes in the garage. The wait was so long that the attendant was taking pictures of how many people's paperwork on the board. Get more staff!!!!
Its ok. Not Great. The service was awesome. But the food was kind of disappointing.
The atmosphere is great,  indoor outdoor bar and good music.  The beer is ice cold - unfortunately the food and service is awful. \n\nFood 0\nService 0\nAtmosphere 3\n\nUpdate  -  disregard good music review Friday music is top 40 pop. No thanks! !
I now know what you get when you pray to baby Jesus... these ribs. SO GOOD!!!!!!!
Ordered to go. They forgot to put it in the dipping sauce as I have requested. The wings were okay. Not as good as I was hoping for. The fries were soggy. T I've had better food and service. Not coming back.
I ordered a hot dog. Surprise.\nIt's hard to review a hot dog. Let's see there was a bun. It wasn't soggy. There was a frank and chili on top. It was ok. I ate it. In a pinch, I'd go back.
Great salads, food and service. There is not a bad seat in the house!!
I love that they have veggie options- tofu or portabella!\nReally great portions of really good food!
Cheap if you're there for a few days, but ungodly slow.  Stops every 50 feet or so. Spend the money on a cab and get to.and from where you want to go in a timely manner.
Great window view and we received grade A customer service from the front desk to housekeeping. Had an issue with our air conditioning but maintenance was up within minutes to fix. I gave 3 stars because the room smelled of cigarette smoke and they are located around the dance clubs which you can hear from the room.
Horribly dry chicken and fish.  We'll never return.  I'd give zero stars if I could.  Service lacking as well.
My absolute favorite hang out spot! Great service every single time & not to mention the food is always on point. Mark is my favorite bartender, he always knows what I want to drink :)\nI can't live without the flat iron steak & the Brussels sprouts!
Fusion sushi done right! \n\nI enjoyed the quality of service and food. \n\nThe sushi was fresh and tasty. \n\nThank you for the memorable experience!!!
It's not my favorite buffet when I'm here in Vegas but if it's free I'll go.
Best move yet! Paul and Al were professional and courteous.  I had them unload a large POD for me which was done in less than 1.5hrs.  They even put together the furniture for me.  Best of all the price was extremely reasonable.  I will be using them if I move again.
service was just as good as the food!!!
nice deals
Wanted a Pedicure and figured I'd give this place a try since it was across the street from my hotel.
The restaurant ambience is very good and clean. Love the food but the sago gulaman is sweet. Pork Sisig needs some crunchiness to it .
This is the best groomer in Scottsdale!  Very reasonable (I always tip).  I have dropped my dog off the same day I call.  Same for a quick nail trim.  Very nice person runs it and is just really good.  Be clear what you want, or not!
Good food here.  Nice atmosphere.  Food a bit pricey, but if you share, it's not too bad.  The Pecan Bar is awesome.
For the money and the availability this is an excellent place.  Excellent value. Clean quiet and comfortable.
Don't go for the game day food. Doesn't hold a candle to Hartigans food.  Atmosphere is ok but the chicken was super dry and the bread was stale and crumbly. Close to the stadium tho which is good.
Eeeeeehhhhhh, not too exciting. My boyfriend likes it but I am not too fond. And our last server wasn't too fantastic.
We went back a second time because we thought the poor service and food was just a fluke. However, the waitress & hostess attitudes were still just as nasty as the food.
Never been to Cuba, but I really respect its food.  The food is filled with flavors really brining the Cuban culture to through its food.  This is a traditional ma and pa restaurant that can open your eyes to new flavors.
Cheese graters for callous removal????
Come here for:\nCrab legs, shrimp, beef, desserts. Thats all. \n\nBad sushi, bad selection for kosher peeps who don't eat pork or shellfish, and generally just not worth it UNLESS you eat the 4 items listed above exclusively.
Called Parrott Discount and the man I talked to was very rude and arrogant. When calling an establishment that is dependant on word of mouth and customer referral one would hope that establishments main goal wasn't too insult and demean their potential customers over the phone by trying to make them feel stupid.
Try the Chicken Salad Sandwich. It tastes low calorie and just like your mother used to make it. The restaurant gives a very at home feeling and little appetizers make for a complete picnic.
Good food and good service. We ate there on Christmas Day at dinner time while traveling. The servers were cheerful, friendly, and efficient even after being there many hours. I would definitely go there again if we are in the area.
Dim sum at the weekend is served from carts and is really good.\nIt's hard to understand the mixed reviews.\nWe really enjoy this restaurant and go every year.\nI judge a dim sum restaurant by their chicken feet and shrimp dumplings.\nBoth were excellent.
WARNING! Do not waste your hard working money on DR. BRYAN DAVIS. He is not educated well enough to provide service as a doctor. Additionally, really bad customer service.
Hard to find a good spot for healthy food in this part of Vegas. Everything was very fresh. Great smoothie / juice bar. Excellent staff! Went 3x in a 2 day span after finding it.
This sure ain't pizza! It's a fast food chain's simulation... Don't waste your time or appetite on lukewarm assembly line pie.
one of my favorite sandwich places however they get knocked down one star because there sandwiches are small and pricey dont wanna spend 20 on sandwiches to get full.... but other than that way to go guys
Quick and easy lunch...\nToppings tend to be lacking...\nNever too busy
Great BBQ! Great chicken. Sauces and rubs are tasty. Leave room for dessert. Megan was a great server.
Juice was amazing and very reasonably priced!! The guys working were awesome and gave us a deal for it being our first time in.  They even offered a sample of another juice on the house!  Great way to get loyal customers.  I will be definitely be back! :)
This is a great new hotel to stay at.  Very nice rooms, clean and elegant ambiance, great restaurant choices and centrally located.  Would definitely stay here again.
Used to come here all the time but they got rid of their best sushi chef Steve. Now many of the rolls have cream cheese? What kind of sushi is that? Oscar is a great teppan Yaki chef and Mimi is very nice but the sushi has lost its luster in the last 2 years.
The gym is old, and it only gets all of the old machines that every other 24 Hour Fitness in LV gets rid of.  They never get new machines.  It really may be the worst 24 Hour in the city.
Good southern food with a Greek influence.  Wish this was closer to home. Have the best chicken n dumplings only once a week!
Love this place, glad to see them expand. Everything I have tasted has been delicious from the tomato soup to their desserts. They have something for everyone. Hope they open a location in phoenix.
Horrible experience and very bad customer service!!!!!
I have been to Oggi's many many many times. The food has always been great, the service is always helpful and accommodating but the beer is even better. You come to a pizza and beer place for just that but they give you so much more. Enjoy!
Love the staff, love the beer, love the patrons.
I had been looking forward to eating here for  my anniversary, it was worth the wait!!! We had hamachi crudo for our appetizer, Kobe beef American rib cap, salmon and Mac and Cheese. It was so delicious and currently craving more!!!!
It's OK- I took my nephews here and they had a great time/i have seen other aquariums that were better -but being that they are under the age of 5 they really don't know any better
Maybe I'm not in the right crowd to enjoy the food. The feeling was far too pretentious for my taste, and the food was quite underwhelming.
Been here a couple of times.  The ice cream is ordinary.. whipped cream from a can.  Wouldn't give it a second thought if it wasn't located in the heart of Old Town.  But you know, when you your hours say your open to 10:00 PM you should be open until 10:00 PM.
3.5 star, Pretty legit vietnamese food. The banh mi was one of the better ones we've had, definitely recommend that. The vermicelli was average, meat was a little overdone. The spring rolls were good, no mint though.
Food at Applebees tis just okay, got their soup and salad which is a good deal.  Caylee was our server and she was great so that is why they got 4 stars!
I just found out I haven't had a text messaging plan for a week now. I was able to receive iMessages but it never occurred to me I wasn't getting normal texts. A text plan wasn't added when I resigned a 2 year contract. Ugh. Such a headache.
Just a big cluster f@!#, over priced in everything, the concert venue SUCKS, the location, the rules and once again pricing. \nJust not a pleasant experience.
Vegas baby! But when are they going to fix that taxi line?! SoooOo slow each and every time.
It's a Starbucks.  The counter staff are typically helpful and perky.  Possibly that's the caffeine vapors at work.  Free wireless is available south of here at Coffee Rush etc.   I'm unclear why anyone pays hotspot fees.
For the amount of money you pay at this place for 2 nights, its definitely not worth it. The holiday inn express is better and cheaper. But for convenience I had to stay here. I guess its what you make it..
Best bagels in AZ.\nFriendly Staff, clean store, GREAT food.\nI'm there 2-4 times a week...if they weren't there I'd be at a loss for breakfast!
i had there normal hot wings and thought they were great. i caught the happy hour which is actually 2 hours and i was pleasently surprised. they have alot of beers on tap and the bartender was very knowledgeable. i thought the wings were a little expensive but tasted excellent. one thing i really liked was they offer wet naps with wings.
I love Chipotle and I've never had a bad meal at this location.  It does get busy at lunch, but the line moves fairly quickly.  The staff is always friendly, and the Margaritas are great!
This place was much better when Tony was in charge! Not sure what happened, but now it's run by a bunch of inexperienced kids.
Been here many times over........ Where are the beautiful waiters go? service is ok but I was told they all went to Un Baccio....food is still ok but service with beautiful waiters made this place awsome....:(
The food here is really bad. It's made by Arabic people there cooking Persian food. it's very tasteless the rice is horrible don't come here
We enjoyed ourselves here. The music was good, played some old school songs. The girls working were very friendly and talkative. They spray fog randomly that was freezing at first but perfect once you started dancing and getting hot. I'd go back.
The very best lemon sole....ever!  Maybe the best fish I have ever had.  Just delicious!!  Bread was excellent.  Didn't care for the scallops. Service and entertainment was great. Chocholate martini was super.  Blackberry cobbler had a good flavor, but the crust was not the best.
Delicious! I went here 4 times in 1 week. LOL...can't get enough of their curries.
It was a entertaining. show.    This was my family's first cirque and our family loved it.  We were in the very last row and I'm glad we took the advice of many who said to not pay extra for closer seats.   We got discounted tickets due to a summer promotion so we paid roughly $70/ticket in 2013.
Food was decent and beer was good.  Atmosphere was fun.  The popper burger was a bit too much.  The beer garlic cheese bread appetizer was excellent.  Chicken wrap and French dip were ok.  Pasta salad had too much dressing.  Fried were good.  The sampler beer flight was fun.
Terrible! They served us reheated dumplings. There was a lady pretending to assemble dumplings but she was just placing the dumplings in a platter. \nI will never come back here.
Update; grilled calamari is still on the menu but no longer served.
This place is great for beer and dinner food or appetizers but I wouldn't recommend their brunch.. It wasn't very good and I wouldn't go back for brunch. They did have 1$ mamosas but I didn't try them. I would recommend the pumpkinator beer though, it's great!
Horrible service!! The guy sounded like he was high and could give two shits about us. Asked for stuff on the side and was never given it. Won't be back, that's for sure.....
This place use to be really good until it changed owners. The food is nasty. The people that work there are not friendly at all. Just not the same. We use to frequents this place twice a week. Not anymore. Cold food and slow service makes for a bad restaurant.
Great food and nice servers, but extremely slow! It is slow every time, but we come back for the food, it's great!
Good beer,  live music, hella hot waitresses. Good food. Great place for downtown phoenix.
Ugh, so slow, and not friendly, they could care less if they have your business, and the food shows it.
So many desperate women, so little time.
Pretty average production-like faire. The fried rice is boring and the food is kind if salty. Disappointing.
This place is great. Good servers.  Takiyyah is the best. Ask for her.  Great food and a great place to bring a large group.
Farm Burger, Truffle fries and the most wonderful onion rings.  This restaurant has great food and is fun.
nice looking Hospital
Consistently great each time I come for a pedi or shellac. I've had someone different each time with good massage, clean polish and with decent English.
Not bad at all, but the omelets and pancakes are better at Crackers.
We ordered egg flower soup bowl, two beers, sake, mango chicken and shrimp, hot tea, and rice.... All for $30!!! Great service, amazing fresh food, friendly staff. We even learned some Chinese !!!
Some dishes are good.
I love this place.  They'll all know your name after the second or third visit and people tend to be very welcoming and open without being too \"Cheers-y\"\n\nFood is above average for a bar, especially the Middle Eastern selections.
It was before 4 as I entered, before dinnertime. I ordered the steak and eggs meal and it came out perfectly. One of the few meals I have enjoyed during my time in Vegas. The arugula was phenomenal and almost addictive. Highly satisfying meal.
What a wonderful find. The food was great and the price very reasonable for what it was. Four people with bottle of wine and dessert and coffee $147. The ambiance was elegant but not overbearing. Our waiter, Santiago, was very friendly and helpful. All in all a very nice experience.
This is a great spot for breakfast off the strip.  It doesn't have much appeal, but it makes up for it with the food.  The Omelet House has the best banana nut bread hands down.  The omlets and other breakfast items are good, but you definitely need to eat here for the banana nut bread.
There's not a lot of seating in here so you sometimes have to wait. It's a great locals place for breakfast, they have some healthier options and some not so healthy at all.\n\nIt's pet friendly outside and the staff is always very friendly.
Big Dog Coffee is great little coffee shop near South Side Works in the South Side of Pittsburgh. The coffee is great and staff are friendly. Free Internet is available just ask for the login/password.\n\nNote: don't park on the lot to the side as this belongs to the private apartment building and you might get towed.
Asmc is a very professional operation. Beautiful facility too. I was treated by Dr. Dean \nAnd he was very knowledgeable, professional, and compassionate. If you are looking for avoid solid group of docs this us the place to be
Enjoyed drinks at the lounge last night.  Friendly service, reasonably priced wine list and relaxing environment.
Their Asian inspired food was delicious. If that wasn't enough to get a person to come back their cocktails are always so creative, and taste superb. Having now gone here since they have opened I have always loved the new seasonal menus that they come up with. Have yet to be disappointed!
Pete and his coworker did a great job. \nThey were on time , pilot and CLEAN. \nWork was completed as required and they kept to the original price !!\nWill use them again.
Everything here is delicious and the servers know their stuff... They always recommend something I love and are very knowledgable about the plethora of sauces on the tables.  My husband and I go here to treat ourselves to date nights and we're never disappointed. The pesto torte app is our favorite!!!!
WTF? They used to make great fries here and now all they have is deep fried  diced potatoes Gross! Get it together Jac's there are too many good restaurants in Madison to phone it in on a Friday night.
Two years ago I gave this location four stars.  Didn't rate my visit last year thinking it was an \"off\" night.  After yesterday's lunch, I'm certain I won't be back.  There simply isn't any reason - it's just \"so-so\" and completely unremarkable.
Never again... Way too expensive for being a hotdog joint. So not a \"Chicago\" type food. Would be more accurate to advertise as being a Greek restaurant.
Why do they have assholes answering the phone ? Can't can imagine that bitch in person , such a rude person .
Get the Panang Curry Chicken, it'll change your life! Place is very clean, the service is very good and the food is exceptional.
I had a hamburger and it was disgusting. Yucky.
Decent but slow and insanely overpriced. I guess it's the inn thing to do. I'm wondering how much is the most people will pay for a pizza. The 5 or 4 star reviews must be people with unlimited money or their being paid.
The fries were terrible, there are no free refills, burger was just ok, and they have false advertising with the free milk shake!! Don't eat here ever!!!!
One of the worst bars with horrible bartenders. Do not go if it is your birthday. There are many other great places Dow town than this place.
Decent seafood for Las Vegas if you enjoy the southern version of a good fish fry - corneal battered.  Delicious!
Literally,   waited for more then and hour to get seen! Ridiculous! I just don't like the fact keeping the patient here waiting for so long!
Food was good, handmade sushi rolls and jade dumplings were great - drunken noodles were good.   Service however needs some definite improvement.
The place was empty and there were a lot of servers, nonetheless, service was slow and inattentive. The prices are good but food isn't that great. Similar priced places have food that is a lot better. Food was mediocre and thai rolls were not good. Not many items to choose from on the menu either.
the ceviche is HUGE!!!  One of the best happy hours around!!!
They asked me if I wanted my sandwich heated and immediately threw it in the microwave and then wanted me to pay $10 for it.  After looking around for hidden cameras to see if I was being punked I declined the meal and went next door and got great Gyro.
Great spices! Will be using them in our baked goods at Kai's Kookies!
Just looking at the photos made my mouth water.  Better than KTA on the islands. :)  Nice, friendly service.
The guys were great! On time, careful, professional and very efficient. The price is great too! Highly recommended!
I've been coming to this nail salon for awhile now and it never disappoints! The staff is friendly and helpful and I have never left upset with my experience. I love it!
Reasonable priced - good buffet, very tasty.  Thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  Good variety of both dishes with meat and vegatarian.
Astounding food and drinks. I really can't say more.
They left the shitty machine in from the old place.  The bar does look better. I have to agree with others about the smoking.
Wow, what a great Mexican place! The most amazing collection of sauces I've ever seen. Their homemade sauce was enough though, the food is very tasty, and the price is certainly right. Fish tacos FTW!
Small store, not enough customer service rep's & shelves with no products, really shocked. Step it up guys!
Heard this place had the best pozole in Phoenix and it did not disappoint!  A little small, but the right amount of kick.  Homemade flour tortillas were great and we added a side of jalepeno bacon.  Very tasty.  Price just a bit high.
Mediocre and poorly made! You can get better quality food from Mcdonalds don't waste your time or money
Great place for lunch. Service is good.
They where incredibly excellent for awhile but now they seem to be falling more and more. Even the beer is warm now. Don't know what has happened.
I would never stay here, but I play the tables.  Always fun.  The drinks are stiff and they run specials 24 hours a day.  I consider this funland.\n\nlol.
Over priced,  I brought computer wends morning when they opened.  Took 3 days to find out it was the hard drive,  and then tried to charge $100 for new one that costs $50 at best buy for exact one..  Wouldn't return here or recommend
FOOD is GREAT!!! THAT'S IT....STAFF at this place needs to be more attentive and friendly...I'm glad they have take out...
Great sushi! Went during happy hour. Very pleased with service and quality of food. Will definitely eat here again. Normal hours seem a little pricey, but not bad.
Sadly I moved and don't go here but, this gym is great. Good price and lots of equipment. But, its small and never too crowded. Open 24 hrs so you can work out whenever.
Who ever rated more than 1 start doesn't know real Chinese food! I regret spending a penny there. And also the staff and service are terrible how do these people even gave a job.
ROSS!  always a little ghetto. I like watching guys try to shoplift here. I enjoy the hood atmopshere.
It wasn't for me. I generally like middle eastern food.  I got the sampler to go ; babaganesh, falafel, taheni, humus with pita. Everything was very bland. The pita and falafel were chewy. I ended up throwing most of it out.
This place has it all!\nDozens of drafts beers, full liquor selection and an on-site short order grill. It boasts indoor and outdoor seating and has giant Jenga, bagg-o, giant chess and ping pong tables.
Great place to spend an anniversary! They really treat you well. The service was top notch. Fried Calamari was excellent with the spicy sauce. I had the Fillet which was great. My wife had the Butterfish and loved it. The Hawaiian martinis are delicious. Would definitely recommend it.
Meh. \n\nNot bad, not great. It's pizza. Eat it. \n\nBeer makes it better.
Great customer service and a cheap price ($7 for a carne asada burrito w/small drink) but the food was overall decent at best and not nearly as authentic as I hoped it would be. If you are looking for some authentic Mexican food, go somewhere else.
Slowest delivery ever! Not worth it
The doughnuts were dry. They weren't superior to any other doughnut shop. \n\nApple fritter was good but left a coating of fat on my tongue.
Cool club. Pricey drinks. If your staying at the Aria you can get in the guestlist for free.
All im there for is  cold.drinks and pretty girls.native has both :-) servers are hot.bartender i think her name Michelle.very attractive. Bar food is ok.im.more comfortable around  my chicano people but this.place is cool when.im.on.this.side of.town
Yum I love their pitas but the service wasn't that great. They seem understaffed and could use some friendlier employees, possibly a female? The men I've encountered working there were rather short and unconversational. I'll go back, but I usually get my meal to go.
Decent food at a decent price. It's TGI Friday's... What else is there to say. Not fantastic, not terrible. \n\nIf you're looking for good food fairly quickly without emptying you wallet, head on over here.
Amazing waffle fries, perfectly crispy and fluffy on the inside. Mozzarella Tomato add avocado Panini, perfect. Chocolate Hazelnut shake with an add shot cake vodka (per server recommendation), delicious!!! Love their theme, presentation, and service.
literally a ten minute hike (if you walk slow) to a hole..in the rock. it's gorgeous and i can probably sit there forever creeping on the small children and random families/couples hehe
Decent food. I try hard to like bagels more, but maybe i should just give up. Service here is hit or miss.
Quality has deteriorated to the point where I drive 15 minutes in each direction for Chinese food now rather than get food from here, 60 seconds from my house.
Pizza is good and wings are just right!.  2 stars for great pizza and wings. Minus 3 stars for being so filthy and dirty this place is super dirty . Get your pizza and wings to\nGo
The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, this would get a 5 star review but since Cox is the worst cable company in the history of this fine country, that 0 star rating averages this location out to a 3. I went on a Saturday at 2PM and waited around 40 minutes. They mentioned going in the morning when it's not as busy.
went there on my 21 st BD  it was so fun the girls were good looking go drunk they dont serve alcohal.
So I eat here and pay the tab with my credit card and the lady comes over and tells me my card declined, so I call my credit card and they say it went through, so I pay cash for my lunch.. So this stupid lady got paid twice for my Food.. It's not fair
This is THE place to go for dosa. The buffet is always fresh. The restaurant is clean, family friendly and the staff is very accomodating. I love South Indian cuisine and we continue to return to this restaurant with regularity. Always leave happy and satisfied. Delicious, home-style dishes. Very tasty!!
Worst Bears bar I've ever been to.\nPlace is filled with smoke.\nFood is average.   Service was not friendly.\nNeither were the bears fans.
I wish we had this in Toronto! Came here for a quick breakfast on two days out of our four day trip to Montreal. Staff was friendly and cachitos were freshly made. Smoothies were good too!
i can not give a full review on whiskey but from what i had, the good looking waitresses and the atmosphere it makes me want to go back.i did not try any food on my visit. i did like the atmosphere and music being played and its a great place if you like bourbon and whiskey which i do.
Excellent food and great service and reasonable prices.  This place is on par with Richardson's but less expensive and easier to get a table.  Quickly becoming by favorite New Mexican restaurant in AZ.
Don't order the calamari, it was the worst and so chewy! I had a spinach salad, it was OK. My friend had tri-tip sliders on of which barely had any meet on it, but his fries were good. Service was very good which was a pleasant surprise.
Dr. Wayne not only knows his stuff when it comes to treating back pain, he is so fun to be around and down to earth!
Love this place! Fantastic customer service. Amazing food and ambiance. Mamamangos are delicious. For chocolate lovers you must try the Nutella crepes, I add strawberries! The perfect place for a Sunday brunch.
I ate here my first night in town. It was good. I ordered the Norwegian burger with fries. They have a full bar. I think a park is being built across the street. over all ok place.
Big delicious portions and great service - we eat here every week and have for 5 years or more.  Probably the best restaurant in Casa Grande.
Very loud, crowded and quite unpleasant. I felt very cramped and the environment was very uncomfortable.
Dr Whipple is a really good doctor, but unless you're retired and have all day to go to appointments, you might want to find another doctor.  You will never wait less than 1.5 hours, and the staff is less than friendly.
The theater was absolutely tiny inside! It was ok but I certainly wouldn't drive to the other end of town to see a flick here. If you are going to a movie premier here, be prepared to wait. The staff was completely unfamiliar with the process....
Sub par. The service, the ambiance, the menu. The best part about Zipps is the - albeit limited - selection of draft beer! If you just need a casual hang-out spot for a happy hour, this place will do just fine.
too loud!!!
Beautiful view, outdated decor, decent food\nI ate lunch here one day during my conference.  We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful view.  The food was decent - we both tried the chicken mole special.  The decor is definitely outdated...this restaurant might be more of a destination if they did some updates.
Poor customer service. Not accommodating and wouldn't seat more than 5. Hostess was snarky and pompous. Can't rate the food; wouldn't seat us because there were 6 of us.
I had to come here to get my sheriffs card. I haven't been here for about five years. I remember it being as busy as the DMV. I came here today (Thursday) at 2pm and there is no line. Maybe later in the day is the best time to go, or maybe I got lucky.
Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but there are better Thai places in the area. I think the portion sizes were a bit small for the price, and there was nothing particularly exciting about the restaurant. The restaurant was small, so probably not a good place for a large group.
Great  professional guys who know what they are doing! They really take the time to help you learn what they want to do and why they want to do it. Best Euro performance shop in Arizona for sure. Tuning gruppe son!
Food is good, service started out slow, but got better.  The salmon  cakes are the BOMB, and it's real fish (Not can).  Nice portions of food... Nice outside sitting if it's a nice day.
I highly recommend The Beef Rib. The beef is so juicy and tender it literally melts off the fork. The mixture of flavors will awaken your palate.
Theses guys are the best.  BikeForce has a bike mechanic on staff now. Joel... he's fast reliable and priced very competitively.  If you need your bike worked on my vote is BikeForc.
Very good breakfast here. Had amazing food, perfectly cooked & seasoned. I would go back if I stayed on the strip again.
Yum yum good stuff. Best in town. I used to love Luke's but will be going here for my beef sandwich from now on. Just got back from Chicago and saw they had 2 locations in AZ. Sorry for Luke's I went to Chicago and tried Portillos.
Jake was great! Friendly,  clean, professional shop. Both my wife and I got tattoos from Jake and we love them!!
The people that work here are slightly handicapped. You order a mocha, you get a cappuccino.
Located lower level in Arrowhead Mall, this location has a good assortment of eyewear, clothing, watches, and even shoes/sandals.  Friendly service and a few good deals to be had this time of year.  Will be back again for sure.
Horrible and liars.  I asked them to not run my credit and wouldn't sign a info sheet. A few days later I checked my credit and their was a hard inquiry from them. We will spread the word about their dishonest practices and of course never buy from them.
The facility is clean and secure.  I've been happy with my storage unit for the past 6 months, but they just increased the monthly rate by 25%.  Sure enough, there is a clause in the fine print that states that they can adjust the rent or fees at any time as long as they give 30 days notice.  Heads up for everyone else!
They have a couple vegan options and tons of different fruits it was very good and worth the price
Walked in here asked for some Sushi was told that they didn't have any rice at 6:30 in the evening. \n\nNo rice wha!!! Hence no sushi. \n\n\nWon't be back here again
Whhhhhhy didn't I look at yelp reviews before I took someone there for their birthday. Omg this place needs restaurant rescue. The food was awful... They only had half the menu available anyway. Yuck.
It is a nice local coffee shop. I would suggest Jackson's Java before mentioning any of the national coffee shops. Always full of college people and even more so on poetry nights. The deserts are good. There are not many places in the University area where you can sit down and have a cup of coffee and a slice of cake.
Good for a hangover.  It's a little loud however.  I've thrown up in the bathroom many times, not due to the food.\n\nThe fries are thin and kind of disappointing.  The food is good.  Not spectacular. It's decent.  The specialty drinks are strong, and that's a plus.
These ladies really know what they are doing and the service is AWESOME. I went there and they were very friendly, fast and professional if you need any tailor services you will not be disappointed by Elegant Reflections ... Thank You
I have been to Lux a few times now and it has completely won me over with its delicious coffee and mouth watering chocolate croissants . There always seems to be a line but it moves fast. Among the numerous coffee shops in the area, Lux definitely stands out.
We had some water damage at our rental property. Troy came in replaced the trim, drywall, textured, and painted. It looks like nothing ever happened. He gives alternatives if a repair can be done a little less expensive and can pretty much fix anything. He shows up when he says and over delivers on his service. Highly recommended.
we love this place Missy often asked to go right there as soon as she lands LOL she a picky eater and can find stuff she loves there....Great food!
I have never purchased anything from this store simply because each time I go to purchase something, I end up putting it back, leaving the store upset, and going over to petsmart. This place has the worst customer service I've had at any type of business. Ever. Save yourself the frustration.
I been going to Firehouse since it opened towards the end of 2010. I have had everything on the meny and everything is amazing. I tend to go more on the weekend and happy hour. The staff is always extremely friendly and their pricing on food is great and portions are huge!
This is the best Costco I've ever seen in my whole life. The store is really clean the staff is really helpful and friendly and the place looks really nice.
Not the worst Thai food.. Certainly not the best. A little over priced. They forgot my brown rice even though they charged me $2 for it. I would live if I never went there again.
I have no complaints. Quick service, predictable prices. Sat at the bar, ordered the Western Burger (thumbs up) with tater tots. Was in and out in under 40 minutes.
Great cheap takeout! I had the moo shu pork and it was a bit saucy but delicious!  I'll definitely order from here again!
I always receive great food from here. We find quick seating and receive our food about 15 minutes after ordering. I always order the Bon.
This place has legit beer and good food.  The atmosphere is a little noisy, but it's a fun place that I'll definitely re-visit!
Best vape shop for miles, taking the combined knowledge and love for these products to an entirely new level. Everything about Steam Industries is true to the real vaping world, and the embodiment of West coast Vaping.
Kim is a very sweet lady and always makes you smile as soon as you walk in but best barber hands down is Ish. check this guys work out he's pretty bad***
We went here on our honeymoon.  It was great but a little expensive.  Big proportions and fun atmosphere.  We got the Cheescake for desert and it was as big as my head!
Chips are so fantastic!  I had the taco salad;( . Shell was bla-& soggy- dressing ( thumbs way down)husband liked his chimi- Order the appetizer dip( better than the award winning table dips) We will return if only to try something else!
Absolut top. Ich geh nur noch dahin Freundlich, gute Qualit\u00e4t, top preise
Amazing food. Went two nights in a row and was extremely pleased both times. This is definitely the best place to eat at the four seasons and maybe Arizona!!! Make sure you get the pretzel knots!
The stuffed burgers they sell, awesome. Frozen cheese curds are also available here, oh yes.
This place is your standard American Chinese cuisine. Honestly, nothing too special about any of it. I must note, however, that the spring rolls are not too shabby.
I am in love with this place. BJ is extremely knowledgable and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
Tried this place last night and the food was good. I had the stuffed breadsticks and they were awesome.You could tell the dough was homemade. I also ordered a Acai- Mango Mojito, Wasnt the best, lacked flavor.
Good food, decent priced lunch menu.  Definitely recommend!
Pretty plain, nice presentation but lacks every place else.
Horrible job!! I would give it a zero star if I could. Very unsanitary !would not recommend to anyone .
I was hoping the food here would be cheaper than everything else in Las Vegas, I guess I was wrong. I was starving and paid $3.99 for a hot dog. At least the hot dog was decent.
Horrible preschool. Teachers are lazy and the kids do not learn much. We pulled our son out this year.  We realize now why they lost so many kids last year. School has bad leadership and fired teachers because of low enrollment.
Love me some Alaska Airlines.  There is always a decently priced ticket to LA and Vegas.
The ramen isn't amazing by any means, but it's pretty decent. Good fix to satisfy your ramen cravings!
Never enough parking unless you're there at 2am. People always hogging machines.. Sitting texting, taking calls.. Females in groups around the machines..  People don't get it.. Work out and shut up!
Seriously good food! The fry bread is so good and not greasy! They serve up big portions so be prepared to eat!  I love that they have expanded their delivery area and I plan on using them a lot for this (especially since the guy who delivers is HOT!)
The food is cosi cosi (so so), but I come here on occassion because its close to home and theyre open 24hrs.  I do wonder sometimes how long certain ingredients have been sitting :/
When you ask for it extra hot that IS what you get!  Loved the meal Thai spring roll, and E6 delightful hot enough to make me cry just the way I like it.  Would eat here again in a minute!
Would not recommend. The shop keeper gives cooked looks the entire time. Makes you feel unwelcome. Do not want!!!
All-around great place to stay n relax it a  little far from the action.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Not only is the coffee friggin' amazing, but the owners are absolutely wonderful. They're really friendly and a much welcomed addition to the neighborhood. Songbird really stands out in quality and service.
Overall, a pretty good restaurant with a cool atmosphere and decent food. I had a good time here but waiting about 1 hour for a table.  \n\nbaby back rib entre was very good!
Food is good here but what's up with the servers? You can tell most of them are not fully trained and they just lacked in customer service.
This is the place. If you're Paris Hilton circa 2004.\n\nThat would make you think I would like this venue. Nah.
Good food in an upscale bar atmosphere. Smart design due to close proximity to Hotels and the ballpark (to capture both clientele). Seems like it was pulled right out of that Bar Rescue show. Everything is done top notch.
Slow as molasses in an igloo. A line of ten deep took 25 minutes to go through. Also severely overpriced. $25 for a pre-made panini, two croissants and a bottle of water ($5!) yikes.
Great food, fresh and flavorful!  For a chain restaurant its a favorite.
We had another great meal at Pasta Ristorante last night. Checked in on yelp and brought home a pound of fresh pasta for checking in! Tonight we had roasted mushroom clam sauce with basil pappardelle. Yum. Dinner here is always a pleasure.
Cool bar with the deli shop right next door.  It's no NYC deli but still pretty good for casino sandwiches.
food ok, service was good..beer was cold.pool tables were good . enjoyed the night with my son.
Good pizza, pleasant staff, cold beer--everything you could want in a good pizza joint. Nice to get seated right away and although the restaurant was busy, the staff wasn't frazzled or indifferent at all like they get at Grimaldi's. We are definitely going back and I'm looking forward to it.
Loved this place! Amazing food and wine! Service was great! Beautiful experience.
My food came wrong! Then they didn't even offer to substitute until the rest of the table had finished eating. I asked then to describe a beer and they brought it without telling me it was NON ALCOHOLIC. They didn't offer to take it back. Won't be returning on subsequent trips to vegas!
Not much for real or good Mexican Food in this neighborhood.  Roberto's may be good if you fighting a hangover or desperate for some Mexican.  But if I had to choose I will take Del Taco, Taco Bell or Drive across town for some authentic.  The restaurant are always clean - so here's an extra star
I love the place! the food is always good. I never have any problem going there. The only thing is that the place is little too big. Too many distance and space but like I say the food is good and the price is right
Can't go wrong for $38 for 1 hr. I have been going here weekly for almost two years now. All the staff are super duper nice and professional. Yes, they pick up their phones in the middle of massage but they're so good I don't care!
This place is a regular for us when me and my family are craving some amazing South Indian food. I almost always order the Chicken 65 and the Rava Dosa. They are both my favorites. The buffet is also good because they offer a huge variety of food. It will always stay as a regular for us.
When the owner dances with you and sings during karaoke, you know they have great customer service! Came here with my girlfriend and some friends on Saturday night to have some fun, and had a great time. Karaoke was great, and the people (customers) there were fun to be around.
The owner was so rude I walked out! And they only accept cash and the only reason I gave them a star is because the review made me! I mean this guy was ridiculous! I never had anyone greet me at the door like that!!
This is the best workout for me because it is so hard to get motivated sometimes. Love the trainers. AJ and Lance are the best. Can't forget Kelani too! OTF rocks!
The staff here is incredibly friendly and will help you out with whatever you are looking for.  They also help out greatly with price matching with local competitors along with having a really good stock amount of products.
Atmosphere was good, but I waited for 15 minutes and never got attended to at the bar. That's unacceptable. If in Charlotte, visit somewhere else if you want some drinks.
Caution on gas price. This company uses very small print on their low gas price. When you get to the pump is 10 cents higher then what you expect. The print on the gas sign is very small. I would call this deceptive advertising .
This is the best gelato outside Italy, which I have been too. The guy is from northern Italy, Walter and it an awesome dude with killer ice cream. Go. Go now. You will be happier if you do.
My Wife and I found this place today, and I have to say the food was just Outstanding!  We will be back.
Nothing like fast food BBQ.  Pretty good place.  We came in here before we went around for bike night.  Food came out fast and tasted pretty good.  Had the ribs and some okra.  Ribs could have been smoked a little longer to fall off the bone, but they were still good.
They do an okay job, but I find this place is VERY expensive and while they do an ok job, they don't do a great job.  You can find the same or better manicure near by, for half the price.
One of the places that I go to often when in rivergate. My boyfriend likes this place because of having many TVs and my sisters likes this place because of the wings. I like this place also and I like their fries. The servers are nice and quick. The place has a pretty good amount of seatings
Great vibe, great food and yummy drinks! Great hangout any night of the week. Definitely recommend the French onion soup! Also the gorgonzola burger with garlic fries and the grilled cheese with tomato bisque!
I keep giving the Grand Cafe a second chance and then I keep regretting it. The service is incredibly slow and the food is only mediocre.
Very fast and tasty Chinese food. Both dinner and lunch portions are HUGE. However, if you choose \"spicy\" there is a tendency to over-do it to the point of inedibility.
My brother and I were supposed to go to a movie but ended up stopping by here for lunch. Never made it to the movie but they had good pizza and my brother swears by their ranch.
Really beautiful place. Must go see - herb garden - TOUCH N FEEL was really good. Otherwise really big place and definitely can cater to an event. Thai Garden was also good.
Always excellent... Bone in filet or Chilean Sea Bass are our favorites.  Excellent service (thanks William Turner!).  Great place overall...particularly for special occasions.
This is the cleanest laundry mat and good prices. About $1.00 a load. I will make this my home laundry mat for sure!!
Very good brunch buffet, lots of selections and tasty food. I liked the fact that they have a much better fruit and salad selection than the other buffets. There was not much of a wait around 11:30AM on a weekday. I would definitely go here for a brunch next time I am in vegas.
I've planned quite a few brunches here for out of town guests. It's always a crowd pleaser - especially if you can get a table on the patio.\n\nBest to make a reservation after noon so you can see the Bellagio fountain show!
Surprenant pas le d\u00e9cor, un peu bruyant mais agr\u00e9able
customer service was really rude i was trying to return a simple item with a receipt and they wouldn't help me here told me to go to where i purchased it bc it was out of stock at their place they were rude explaining it and offered me one penny
This location seems to be getting worse & worse. Nothing has the same taste! The rolled tacos had a watery guacamole and the cheese had no taste... Have given this location too many chances...I would rather eat at Taco Bell.
Nice little shop with nice selection of fabric. I didn't like the way they 'tore' the fabric! When I got home and squared up my fabric piece, I was 1/2 inch short!!
This is my favorite bbq place in the LV area. The hot and spicy bbq sauce is one of the best Ive ever had. I highly recommend the tri-tip sandwich.
Nice people but they are so slow and will have you sitting in rooms for an hour and think it's perfectly reasonable!
Beautiful hotel. Superior service. Great restaurants. Just a bit crowded. But loved everything about it.
I love this restaurant! If you want good, authentic Thai, this is the place to go.  It is located in an EMPTY parking lot so you would never know it was there unless someone told you about it. Their Tom Yum soup is absolutely amazing. Give it a try, you will NOT be disappointed!
The worst of the worst, did not keep their booking prepaid for a stretch limo.\n\nTerrible customer service by management as they never call you back when a problem arises.\n\nRuined our wedding.
High Quality.  Fair Prices.  Nice Lighting.  Great Presentation.  Waited over an hour for our food to arrive.  Gave us 50% off.
Took the Burger Wagyu. Amazing.
This place is nice, customer service could be better. I had the sliders and they were good. They have good lunch specials but nothing 'healthy' overall, ok for a quick lunch w some friends, but I wouldn't go all the time.
Great fun bar in Pittsburg's south side. Upstairs is poorly temperature controlled, so tell your friends to try deodorant tonight.
they had big groups of buisiness man it was laud and food was all messed up I complained to waiter he got attitude they charged full price all 4 meal was nasty I returned my fish dish but they did not do anything. NEVER GO BACK THE PLACE EVER!!!!!!!
food was ok, not great. ambiance was directed towards older clients. cocktails boring.
You can order your photo prints online and pick it up at the store. It is very fast, and thus the A-OK.
For me just so-so. I have been twice and both times ordered the shrimp. A taco and the po-boy and both times it looked and tasted like the shrimp came from a can. The atmosphere and staff are nice so I hate to rule it out. I may try brunch but will not go out of my way.
This is my go-to Target.  I am glad it is fairly close to me.  They are renovating it now, so I cannot get in and out as fast as I used to, but I am sure it is going to be worth the inconvenience.
Chipotle, I welcome you to downtown Phoenix with open arms and a hungry belly. I love your burrito bowl, brown rice, black beans, grilled chicken, pico de gallo, spicy salsa, light cheese, full sour cream, and lettuce.
Love the place, but it was way too small.. Sample mimosa, was good for the price several flavor to choose from.
Used to live in Madison and really liked this Pita Pit. They recently changed owners and it got even better. Not much else to say, except that I recommend it! They deliver too.
Checked out the food truck friday. Stopped at G.W's first.. had a fried chicken taco... a chicken taco that was fried .. not fried chicken in a taco.... \n\nIt was pretty dang Tasty !
There are so many nail salons to choose from, but Shea Nails is my number 1 pick.  The experience is by far the best...the atmosphere, cleanliness, massage chairs and friendly staff...I choose not to go anywhere else.
I feel like an idiot for ordering only seafood at a place that specializes in steaks.  Oops. At least the bread was good...
Had a massage and i felt it was expensive for the experience.  Vlean, nice, newish, but just not fantiastic.  Will try again next trip and review again.
Just OK.  Not much going on here...
Not only is the bbq close to me but I can also get gas and a car wash at the same location lol. The food is really good but the sauce is just so so and thats the only reason it's not getting a 5 star.
Tried the wings and was pretty well disappointed.\nSauce was forgettable and the homemade blue cheese sucked.\nWatery and totally lacking in flavor.\nSalad and celery sticks were dreadful and wilted.
Good food and very attentive staff.  I agree with other reviewers, though.  The prices are steep for what you're getting and the beer options could be more diverse than light, medium and dark.
All I have to say is \"shit hole\"  Just thinking about it makes me want to vomit.  And don't even get me started on the mirrors on the ceiling.
Severely overpriced.  Marginal service.  Food is fine - not great.
I've never really been a huge fan of Tao up until this past saturday. We had bottle service located on the second floor overlooking the LMFAO concert and crowd. That was one of the best experiences at a club I've ever had. Those guys know how to put on a show and get a party going!!
I ordered the sea scallops in a sweet potato and bacon hash.. It was excellent! 5 large scallops seared beautifully.
Well, \nThis is my next stop searching for that pizza I have been missing since I moved here. Even though food here is good, I am still searching! The most amazing thing about this place is the location. Never knew it could exist at that place.
Just got done eating here. I had the bacon omelette. Wow it was fantastic. Our service was great. Food came out fast. I have no complaints.
This was not good at all. I ordered fish tacos and I got a Vandeekamps fish stick in a tortilla with tartar sauce.
Absolutely great place Dr. Fineburg was awesome felt like my grandpa was telling me the in and out of eye care and what he was looking for to make sure my eyes stay healthy in the future... felt like family treated like family
Nice clean airport with lots of healthily food options
Very nice staff but the hair removal does hurt, ouch
Saturday morning brunch in the back patio. \n\nLet's leave it at that.\n\nLove this place.
I was very disappointed with this place had gone here in the past and loved it but this time they were rude , spilled my drink on my food as the refilled it never apologized when seated they just pointed to where we we're to sit just not the way it was with the old owners
There is outside sitting but no tvs. The sitting inside and tv positions are hard to watch the game unless you have sits directly facing the movie screens. The food select wasn't very good either. I was there on Sunday to watch the football games.
Hidden gem on Charleston!! Definitely try their specialty rolls. They have unique rolls not found at other sushi restaurants in the area. I will be coming back!
It's Target. Definitely nicer than Wally World but pretty much your standard Target.
This location is  different from other Cleanfreak location.It cost you same as other location but you won't get \"Clean\" car wash.\nVery shot car wash line.No pressure air hose to dry.Avoid this location.
Negative, droning on and on about negative things....yes, Arizona is full of negative news - but it serves no purpose to report it.  I have never heard such negative news reporting in my life.  Yuck.
Maybe because it was 105 degrees outside and this place had spray misters, but the restaurant was better than other's in the chain.  Now, still average and a little on the pricey side, but the flat thin pizza was worth the price...
I love coming here because of the staff. The food isn't amazing I seem to always have a problem with mine. However, the owners have told me they are switching things up and to check them out again. I like sitting out on the patio they have TVs out there which is nice. Ian always hooks up the best drinks.
The only reason I am giving 1 star is because we did have a pretty good waitress named Sandra Lynn.  The food was horrible.
Get a daycare or babysitter. Your clients do not want to hear the baby that you thought was appropriate to bring to work run around and scream and cry. Not a good environment for pampering!
Overpriced average italian food. Made for tourist.\n\nNice location. Can this be considered dining al fresco?
If you have to be somewhere this is one of the slowest drive thru lines ever , even the wait inside is pretty long .
845 and the posted hrs say 9pm. Just told me it's closed. Really?  Good riddance! How are you still open?
great variety, and you can get as many tastings as your heart desires!
Right near Monta Ramen.  Fantastic dessert for the hot desert!  Staff is really friendly.  Green tea shaved ice is really good.  Small size is generous and easily feeds two folks.
Breakfast all day, huge menu, big bar, live music. Food is really good, well priced. Open 24/7 right on Mill Ave. This place is going to make a killing. Go check it out!
Very homey atmosphere with home cooking. Generous portions and the staff was friendly and efficient. We had breakfast which was awesome. Going to try it for lunch and dinner too. Fun small town feel. I love this place!
The crab soup is to die for !
Great breakfast great staff. Love it here and the price is awesomely low. I always stay here when I come to Vegas. Its only a short drive to the downtown area. They also have shuttle buses.
Looking for a nice, clean and fun atmosphere with great happy hour specials, THIS IS THE SPOT. Don't forget to tip your waitress!
It's a great little spot! The owner even came out to ask how I'd like my smoothie. Super sweet people. Cools spot and I love to support a local business
don't bother trying to sell anything to this guy. does all of his research by looking at ebay. doesn't know the difference between a series 1 figure and a series 10 figure. offers $7 for something he charges $150 for. do yourself a favor and sell on ebay or craigslist.
So good and affordable! Can make any pita anyway you like it. I wish I lived on this side of town so that I could eat here more often.
We went to celebrate a friend's birthday. Our waitress brought out a piece of chocolate cake for him at the end of dinner. It was completely unprompted so we thought it was complimentary, until we realized she charged us for it on our bill... Who does that?
I adore this place.  The lamb sliders or shepherd pie are my favorites.  Trivia night, comedy night or karaoke night, any night you go will be amazing!
Flying on this airline is so much worse than driving. Anywhere that the flight is under 2 hours I think I'd rather rent a car and drive.
Cute and clean yes but pushy service, pushed me to make a u turn!
The beer was good as was the service, but both the chicken strips and the AZ chicken rolls were very greasy.
A great family owned restaurant! Their lunch specials are very reasonable. I recommend this place to anyone looking for good Japanese food. My only request is that they open a restaurant closer to Tempe - I would go so much more often.
This is the worst korean food ive had yet! My soup was water with a few peppers sprinkled in it.  The sides were sad limp and old and the service was horrific. I will never eat here again!
Every time I go here I regret it. The food is not very good obviously, but it is super cheap. Typically I'd prefer taco bell, but the taco bell on Waddell and Litchfield always sucks, so if I'm in the mood for bad,cheap fast food tacos I go here.
Not that anyone likes to lock their keys in their car, but it's good to know when it happens, it can get taken care of quickly. I called 911 Safe Locksmith, and Pete was there within 10 minutes of me calling. (I happened to be in Summerlin) Really nice guy and has competitive rates.
Best sushi in the valley!! Been going here for at least 10 years :)
Very good pizza. Went in and got a dozen wings and a large combination pizza. The pizza had good flavor and the wings were good too. The service is AWESOME! They also have 2 flat screens with sports, that's always a plus. I definitely recommend this 1 Brothers Pizza!
Friday night all you can eat fish fry....ask for it grilled if you prefer!  Be sure to leave room for the homemade pies.  Chicken pot pie is a must try as well!
If I could I give no star, I would! Service was really really bad and racist! Food was overpriced and didn't taste good. This is one of the worst restaurant I have been too. Stay away!
Great entertainment, impressive human and technical performance. I liked KA better than Zunamity.
Ordered pizza online at 1:11pm and the estimated delivery time was 2:45pm. Really? Dominos and Papa Johns delivers in 45min or less. Sorry Pizza Hut..you have been permanently replaced.
theres always a machine or two that dont function and the fact that the front girl never looks up at you to say high kinda sucks when youre walking in there at 6am
Delicious! Love the chicken pho so much went back two days later to get it again! Large portions and reasonable prices. My husband thought his pad Thai was great too!
This location always seems to have only one employee working, and that employee always seems to be frazzled and stressed.  \nAlso, I've tried 3-4 times over a 6 month period to get chocolate soft serve, only to be told that they are \"out\" and only have vanilla.
I absolutely love this place... Every one is always so friendly.  I always find exactly what I want at an affordable price.  I especially love Vanessa and Sharon,  thank you for making my shopping experience special.
I love this restaurant.\nAs a Greek Cypriot myself, I was pretty excited when I saw this place move in down the street. \nThe food is amazing, and the owners are truly great people.\nIf you like Greek food, you'll love Cyprus Grill.
Love this place! I have been coming here since they opened and will still be coming back cause everyone are friendly and so is the owner. He will go out of his way to come to your table and say hi!! :) food is great!!!!
Best Italian in Phoenix. The pepper steak is just like grandma used to make. Best diablo sauce i've ever had outside of Italy, but very spicy. Service is not the best so dont go in a hurry.
This was a nice hotel and great location.  We stayed in tower 1 and thought it was just fine.  Only had a shower, no tub, but not bad though.  Quieter than others we've stayed at.  Loved the show!  We would definitely stay here again!
Brought my car in with a screw in the tire. They patched it up and took care of me with no charge. Third time I have been there for TIRE problems and they always fixed it with no after problems. Thanks guys.
Th Website says they are no longer serving the Charlotte area, just wondered what made them change their mind! :(
STAY AWAY!  I wish I would give this dump zero stars!  What a HUGE disappointment.  This place is disgusting.  It's dirty, old, half of their equipment is not working.  The employees are RUDE and seem to not want to be there.  Honestly this place should be shut down immediately.
Swung in on Monday morning and as always timed it perfectly!  Walked in, sat down, had what little hair I have cut and left.  Very quick and painless.
The gym is fairly clean, however it is pretty small and they didn't really have a large range of exercise equipment plus they only had one mat to stretch out on.
Coffee is fine but the prices are not.   Boycott this place and protest the prices.  This is absurd.
We paid the \"twilight rate\" of $29 but after 4 holes in two hours, the pro shop said we should be able to play 9. Really?  I'll be supporting a different course come May thru Sept.
Gas Station south of the border.
Awesome sushi selection and sushi for sure!!!  Happy hour even better, and they have happy hour on weekends as well!  Service sucks, so dont go there super hungry, order appy as soon as you sit down.  But so worth the wait.
It's sad how much I eat ice cream but this cold stone keeps me happy and satisfied. The workers are nice and know just how I like my ice cream mixed!
waited one hour between dishes. poor service! asked for a cake for my husbands borthday, they completely forgot about it.
I always stop here before I head into Vegas hotels because we can buy all of our drinks and grab a little throw away ice chest to take into the room. I save a ton of money an every one thinks I'm a genius lol.
Had a rather disappointing first visit but the Service Mgr personally intervened and was able to offer his assistance. Return visit was significantly improved and I was able to receive the appropriate level of service.
Great burger (specially the protein style) but the worst drive thru wait time ever!!! I'm talking about be ready for 25mins plus.
Great burgers............great view.
four stars cos the beer is pricey BUT FIVE STARS COS THE BEER IS SO DELICOUS!
The hotel is nice. We stayed in the HRH Tower. The only reason I am giving this 3 stars is because for 2 nights of my stay the neighbor I had down stairs was loud as hell and I could hear everything in my room. From his music, full conversations, and late night ordeal with a hooker. Not pleasant.
Considering it was free, I cannot complain too much, and Jimbo the blackjack dealer is fratty and awesome, but there's a good chance if you go to the pool you'll be the best looking person there. Ain't nobody go got time for looking at that for am extended period of time.
Extremely pricey!  One kid ride is $27 and only lasts 10 minutes!  They do not do refunds and customers do not come first!  Would never come back!
Not a very good place if you are in a wheelchair.  No ramp and a lip to get over.  Food is good and people are cool.
This place is absolutley horrible. We were on the first floor and could hear everything. Every footstep, every door closing and every loud word spoken. The floors are very thin. Don't come here if you want a good night's sleep or bring heavy duty ear plugs.
The topping selection is great, the staff is friendly, but twice now my yogurt has been icy. It's as if the machine is too cold.
Great food, obnoxious bartender, average atmosphere, good service.
Never a disappointment here!
Way off the strip. This hotel/casino needs revitalizing bad. Servers are horrible at what they do. The players club associates were rude. It looked trashy here. Paris would not be caught dead here.
It's ok. First time customer and they got my order wrong. Waited over 20 mins. Finally got my order and had to add sugar to a latte? No way. Not going again.
Service is so slow it's ridiculous....they need more servers on football weekends especially.  Most of the time the servers are servicing the casino portion also.\nThe food is so, so.....won't be back for awhile if at all.
Well it's a very solid place. Nice service, nice prices and great food. They ask me and my friend how was dinner and then got us around of beers on the house. Awesome !  Awesome!
While I'm a fan, we don't eat here very often. That said, it's a lovely venue, if you can sit outside on the lake; and the food's goth good and imaginative, though pricey. Don't take your kids here -- they annoy me in upper in restaurants.
its outlook was too fancy so that i had overexpected on its food and dink.\nfood and drink looks delicious but when you actually tasted them, they were just too simple and average to dine in.
Simple review, if you're in a hurry Gallagher's is not the place for you. Short and sweet of it is this. \"Nice staff, slow service\". Ordered our food at 1230 got our food at 0115. Will not be back!!!!!
Good salsa and chips.\n\nI enjoyed my Machaca, but everything else was below average in flavor. \n\nI expected more given the reviews.
pre-show dinner.  Excellent food and great service.
Awsome food and best service
Lets start with the service. HORRIBLE! Slow and not personable. The food was just OK also. Seemed like a dead place for having such good reviews on Yelp.  Don't think I will ever go there again.
I haven't been here in about ten years, but I used to go to it frequently.  Needless to say I enjoyed there food and atmosphere.  It's not like those hole in the wall 'authentic' Mexican food restaurants you'll find in central and south Phoenix, but it has good food and service.
Great job & friendly. They do beautiful gels and the salon is clean.\nI will visit them again for sure!
I've eaten at here 15 -20 times since late 2009 or 2010. In the beginning, the food quality was excellent then it was sold or under went management change, I can remember the advertisement flyer. The last several times ordering take out has unacceptable in quality, this is not a place I'd recommend now.
This place is ok. The beer is ok, the food is ok, and the atmosphere is ok. The service was pretty bad, but I felt bad for our server because he had some weird tables and his English wasn't great. Meh.
Garden Grille & Bar  is simply the most consistent gourmet restaurant I have ever been to. I am been going there for at least 5 years and have neve had anything but a fabulous experience.
So like i heard he would the owner emailed me and harrassed me and said I had a fake profile. He said if I dont like it to bad. I think that owners shouldn't be able to get on Yelp! they ruin it
Pizza is great, but ever since they moved the service sucks. Been here  numerous times and they never enough people working to provide good service.... C'mon Barros you're bigger and busier now, fix this.
The salsa has had cross contamination, TWICE now and all the bald manager does is crack JOKES.... DISGUSTING!!!!
The boneless wings were good but bad value. $5 for 5 wings. I can get some spicy nuggets at Wendy's for a $1 and they would be almost better than what I had at hungry howies. They should rethink their pricing.
Showed up at 11:16pm. Per their description, they close at 11:30, they had closed a long time ago.
We did the happy hour thing. Had the lettuce wrap and some fish wrap.  Meh. Mediocre at best.
I actually fear for my life when I go here at night. It's creepy.  It is worth it to take the trip down Craig to the other Walmart.
Pretty good, for being in the desert.  Far off the strip so all the locals come here.  Great service, pretty fresh, yummy cocktails.\n\nvery nice decour.
Overpriced breakfast, especially for a cafe. Most of the breakfast items ranged from about $15-20 on average and the quality of the food wasn't as great. With that price, I can head out to a breakfast buffet and stuff myself until I get a food coma.
Really good soup sandwiches and great kids combo options.  Definitely coming back. The turkey and spinach sandwich was really fresh and good. I love that the chicken fingers in the kids combo are baked not fried.
This place is amazing! The owner was incredibly knowledgeable and helpful! She has definitely done her research and is passionate about pets. Even if I ended up paying a couple extra dollars rather than ordering online, I am happy to support this local business and hope it thrives.
When scheduling for your cleaning, ask for Miss Julia.... She's great!
Had a blast at the Chandelier. Our mixologist, Joy recommended the Verbena and it made our whole night . Such a breath of fresh air . Thank you Joy for giving us something to talk about during our whole trip . if you haven't tried the Verbena , its a must . Be prepared for a surprise ;)
Great employee and shaved ice but shitty ass conditions  and atmosphere. Why would they have the temp at 83 degrees on a warm day?! Then i asked if the temp can be turned down but he pointed to it and its locked so employees cant touch it. Absolutely  hideous
Great shop for the perfect dress for an evening out! I'm a fan of their selection of Michael Stars and Velvet knits, too.
Decent food but poor guest service upon my first visit. Not a very welcoming atmosphere. Waitresses need to brighten up....
I don't see the big deal about this place! Food it ok. A little over price for what you get!
Great food and drinks will return, hope this chain takes off even more.
I heard of liquid from a friend so I made an appointment. Monica was great, she was friendly and did an amazing job on my hair, I got a cut and color and will definitely be going back to her for all my hair needs!
The prime rib breakfast special is great. It is only served Sunday till it runs out though.I prefer my hash browns crunchy and they were perfect today.
Fit what I needed at the time, place needs more workers, the one girl has to take the order, make the food, take the money, make change, deliver food- all before she can take the next order. Not efficient!
WAY too expensive. Pizza is just okay, I don't understand the hype about this place when you have two of the best in the city up the street at Mineo's and Napoli.\n\nGo to those places, much better product at a normal price. Aiello's prices are absurd!
Way too crowded. Could've been fun otherwise I guess.
Okay - so I'm going through my 5 star reviews and thought I should update this.  Yes I absolutely love the boomer pizza.  However, the service isn't always the best here.  Plus, I smell like fried food for hours after sitting down for a meal here.  I'll stick with the take-out.
Service was subpar at best while the food was mediocre. However a few hours later my wife and I got sick. Bad loosey caboosey!!!
Grade: C-\n\nUmmm. Hmmm. Okay. Uhhhh. Huh. Right. What should I say? Yeah.
This place is amazing. I went here with a group of 10 and the waitstaff was extremely attentive.  Try the prime rib with truffles and the seabass with miso! I would definitely eat here again!
Fantastic selection, friendly staff, delicious cider.  It's a must-do if you visit Pittsburgh.
Always a long ticket line with one cashier. It's as if they don't know people come to Saturday matinees. Well at least I can't get the popcorn while the wife waits for the ticket. If it were not for the restaurants here I would never go here.
What a great company. Sooo much more professional than most of the other plumbers in the Valley. Their followup is unparalleled. Thanks MNS Plumbing!
Service was kind of slow, being that there were only 2 other tables being served.\n\nI had the Kobe burger with swiss and mushrooms. The burger was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. \n\nThe French fries were also very good!
Topical chain restaurant ... Food was not good at all
Hands down the best dive friendly bar in the world. Awesome place. Bartenders were nice and friendly. You must try the ass juice, it's strong and good. I wish this place was in Michigan.
Charlotte's freshest fish. I willingly drive 1/2 hour cross town for it! I've seen my kids (8 and 5 year old) scarf down grouper, salmon, mahi, etc.
Fantastic collection, and because it's free, I went for just a few hours at a time each day to take in a little more.  Especially loved how explanatory each description was.  Coming here reminded me that I heart Titian!
Prices go up and bagels get smaller, used to go with wife for a lunch now and then but to poor service and fear of prices still going up we stopped.\nAnd with the high prices they even have the nerve to have a tip jar near register making awkward for  people just getting some take out.
In this case \"You get what you pay for!\" is appropriate for this place. A good place for families with children, but not such a hot place for younger couples. It can get noisy and annoyingly packed...
This is one of the best casino hotels around the Vegas strip.  They have a beautiful interior and draw a classier crowd than many of the other casinos.  They have an excellent selection of fine dining restaurants, clubs and upscale shopping.  This is definitely one of the top tier destinations in Vegas.
Overpriced drinks and food, but the best place to go for shows.  If it wasn't for the concerts, I would have no desire to come back.
Only here because someone else wants boba. This place sounds like a great idea but once I was here eating and say the chef come out of the kitchen and she was picking her teeth & went back to work. Gross. Parking is always a nightmare. The service is always pretty fast so they get two stars
Michelle did a great job cleaning my place for the next renter. She was very polite and was on time for our appointment. I will definatley be using her services in the future.
I had the thai toast for appetizer,  it was horrible! The server was nice its only reason I gave it three stars...I had ordered spicy fried rice with chicken and it was ok nothing great. I have had much much better!
This is my favorite buffet in Vegas, quality is there and also service is great. What makes it even better - you can't beat the price for the quality offered.
Picked up a chocolate w/ cream cheese frosting for my gramps. He loved it! But, like everyone mentioned, prices are a bit steep.
This used too be a great mall in the 90\"s but it's gotten really bad. The area is not considered too be that great. There isn't any store I want too go in..kinda sad because I used too love this mall.
These guys were great! I my older iPhone got damaged and the batteries were bad also. So I bought a refurbished upgraded faster one for $90.00 from them. They also were able to transfer my photos from my older disconnected Motorola. I highly recommend them.
Delicious sushi. ALL YOU CAN EAT is the way to go. Friendly staff, clean dinning area,descent prices, nice settings and yum, yum, yum!
The scallops here were the best scallops I've ever  had in my life. \n\nWhat's there more to expound upon?
centurylink as a whole company is full of liars and people who don't care and who are rude. they are rude and they know they can get away with it, let me tell you this companies, in the past with poor service and customer service eventually struggle as cusotmers flee to other choices.
Okay. Hostess had no idea what she was doing. Food came out really late and undercooked too. The atmosphere was bleh. I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody. Wouldn't come back even if I was starving to death.
I had the duck wonton noodle soup, it was a bit salty, but alright.
Tim Horton's is like Starbucks in Seattle. It is everywhere and is an institution. Must I say  more? Their coffee is pretty good and their donuts - yum.
This place is awesome.  Fresh fish.  Excellent service.  I promise you will not be disappointed.  I will definitely go back next time I am in Las Vegas.
Went for the first time yesterday good Jerk wings, very disappointed with the FOOD! I purchased oxtails with rice and peas..oxtails were VERY TOUGH Not enough flavor and the rice was VERY Hard not fully cooked! I would stick to the wings and drinks!!
Cool Irish spot with a new outdoor patio. No food and a limited draft and bottled beer selection.  Free WiFi.  The hostess is gorgeous so I would drink there anytime.
There's something about their frozen yogurt that leaves the wierdest after taste in my mouth.  The couple times I've been here, I had to wipe down my own table to sit down.  It's not the best place for frozen yogurt nor the cleanest either.
All the staff is really polite and both service and food tasted really good at a really low price
Great service, great pricing...I'll return for sure... They didn't try to force an additional sale on me.
I've been a client for about two years now 99% of the time I get a pedicure the other 1% I do a mani/pedi combo.  They have gellish line of gel polish which fans know has a larger color selection than shellac does.
Fancy burger place in a fancy hotel.  Nothing special.  Very pricy.
Totally agree with the review but the phone number is wrong. The number listed is for the Flagstaff group Paw Placement of Northern AZ, the Phoenix number is 602.712.1599 \n\nADOPT A PET TODAY AND SAVE A LIFE!
This GameStop is awesome.  The guys were incredibly helpful and the selection of games was pretty great.  I don't play much, but when I do, I like to play something fun.
First time here and have to say it was a very enjoyable experience. \nAll staff v helpful and friendly, choice on menu excellent, tasted out of this world and cost reasonable. Will definitely be going back :)
It's ok for the $.... But nothing to rave about!  I make a better sub sandwich at home... And the \"fresh\" fruit cup is never fresh!  Ugh I hate a dirty looking crew too!  Employees need to clean up
Patio is awesome but can get crowded.
I was slightly hesitant in eating here again because the last time I ate here, I threw up. This time around, I got the tomato basil soup and chopped salad. The food was pretty good and the service was okay. I probably wont be back here, primarily because a lot of the dishes were so damn expensive.
My girlfriend and I were looking for something fun and cool to do. It's quite pricy for the size, but it will only be fun if you make it fun. Bring a good camera, do some great poses, and have a great time!
Lots of good ciders on tap. Buy and fill a growler, then open it and have a drink. Small space was crowded while we were there, so we didn't linger.  We bought 2 growlers to take home. Very good!
Service is bad here. Food does not come all at once. Be prepared to eat in shifts. Food is average. Burger place next door is better.
Not worth the money. It was a standard buffet you would see anywhere. Plus they had three kinds of sushi which all tasted horrible.
Pleasantly surprised with this pizza. It was our first time with this chain, I ordered online and their \"build your pizza\" option was pretty cool.\nDecent price and clean location. Paid online so all I had to do was pick it up. \nWe will definitely be ordering from here again
Went there with my boyfriend, and it was okay... the food wasn't all that great  but the service was.  the employees there were really nice.
Poor service with cold food!
Fantastic Italian subs! Just like back in Jersey...So much meat, it's like the opposite of all the other sub chains. \n\nWhy do they have to be so far from home?
Nice to know they are trying to replace 12 spark plugs on my 6 cylinder car to the tune of $1000.  It would be nice if there was honest automotive shop in South Charlotte that could be trusted.   Oh, and they charged me almost $100 to diagnosis my \"problem\"!
Just another store!  HIGH Prices....  a real disappointment from last visit.  They took out the tasting machine and now you must pay for everything.
Muy mal y lento servicio.. LA comida sin savor no pidan el ceviche De pescado save asquerozo. Las micheladas ni se diga ..
It's not just ice, it's an EXPERIENCE (:\n\nOnly complaint is the long lines during summertime, but given the quality of their cold, delicious treats, it's completely understandable.
A lot better than In and Out burgers if you ask me. Gets a little expensive when your ordering for the whole family and adding drinks and fries to that, but totally worth it. Fresh lettuce and tomatoes, quality ingredients is what you're paying for. Plus I love all the different options when choosing your fountain drink.
had their meatball parmigiana, stuffed completely, toasty, perfect....Employees were extremely nice and helpful in my decision
Alright depending on the night. Over- priced at times, and let's not forget the overly serious security whom feels like part owner when there is a crowd. For the most part it will do.
Mexican diner (note: not dinner, diner) in SouthPark. Mediocre. Staff - all of them - have no basic hospitality skills. Take it to Park Rd shopping center.
I love this place I come here pretty often! They have really good tacos and corn. I haven't really tried anything else yet. Great service too!
The eel roll are great. A have to try it your like it. yummy.Sushi 21 rocks!!
Went to Ronnie's again after visiting several other diner genre restaurants and found out that I had omitted one important thing ...at least the wife considers it important:  When you leave the restaurant, your clothes don't smell of grease.
I ate breakfast here every morning while I was staying at the Ramada. It never got old and our waitress was always friendly. I highly recommend purchasing one of their coffee cups for $5.
Expensive like all of Vegas but kind of a dive for the price the entertainment such as piano bar is ok...and features an open mic \nIt seems to attract an alternative lifestyle too
Saw this place and menu online. We thought it had some good choices. When we arrived, the first waiter didn't understand much English so he struggled with simple drink orders. Food was just ok, what you might expect at Denny's. The table could have used some repairs.
Yummy food (homemade potato chips, add flavored syrups to your drinks, wide variety of food choices for any palate).    Great service!!  Super friendly waitress!!  Fun ambiance!!   Outside Tables!!
The hostesses were quite rude and acted a bit to good for their job, the server was great but I found a hair on my plate. Definitely going to give it a second try. They took great care of me. I recommend the breakfast burger!
Much better than ANY casino. Great food and service. The menu is fantastic. Breakfast and lunch.   Look for it just west across from Palace Station.
So far, my favorite all you can eat sushi in las vegas. I'm going to travel to vegas again, and try out all the other new all you can eat sushi bars. Until then, this is so far the best in vegas.
We choose this hotel based on price and location  \nThe continental breakfast was good\nNothing fancy  just a place to sleep\nThere was free wi fi
I like the garlic Parmesan chicken tenders and the coke machine with all the flavors. They are real friendly as far as service. I will be back.
Gotta love the good food here. After our second visit we've decided to become regulars!  Friendly smiling staff and competitive pricing make it a pleasure to do business here. Love the dragon roll but I'm equally anxious to try some of the other more unusual items.  Enjoyed the presentation as well.
First time here.    Trying the Arizonan.  -  AFTER THE BURGER... Not AMAZING, but the burger was something I am glad I tried.  It was made with care and the food was fresh.  I was not a fan of the wire food trays, but it was a good experience overall.
The gambling at the Luxor is terrible. No return. And the time share hawkers make you feel like you're in a third world country.  I'll never go back.
If you are an asian or familiar with asian food then do not come here. Food are terrible! my wife could cook 10 times better.  Ice coffee tastes like water.   Service is horrible.\nWill never come here again. Do not waste your money.  Doan 's place is alot better.
Amazing time
These guys did a great job trimming our trees. The date palm really looks fantastic! They finished in a reasonable time and cleaned up their mess too. I would recommend them highly.
Super disappointed. Frozen hot chocolate is overrated and over priced!!! It tasted just like frozen swiss mix hot chocolate mix. Nothing special, and definitely not worth $10!  Service was also very slow. I give it one star just for the cute atmosphere.
Wonderful amazing awesome school. Such great and intelligent teachers. So patient and willing to help you in whatever way they can. Such a comfortable learning environment and a great support system. So grateful I ended up finding them for my education. Worth every penny!
VERY expensive. And they misdiagnosed my dog 3x on major life endangering problems
So-so.  I don't know what I was expecting.  It's a freaking hamburger.
Order the ceviche!! You will not regret it..ask for extra tortilla chips though bc they don't give you enough..also on Saturday nights they have karaoke and if you actually sing you get a free shot!! Not a bad way to start off your night on the strip!
Fun sports vibe to it.  Great for a high calorie lunch.  If you're on a diet, do not come here.  You're guaranteed to gain 5 lbs.
Extremely excited for what this establishment will bring to Vegas. This is a extremely good reason to visit the strip. The whole place has a great energy and the show line-up is off the hook! \n\nMore details to follow...
Excellent BBQ just a short walking distance from the Epicenter. Try the Pulled Pork Quesadilla. It's cut into 4 wedges and big enough for sharing.
No bad room. Ideal size for two people with king size bed.  Looking forward to show tonight. Clean with plenty of amenities.
Salad had too much dressing but broccoli was perfectly cooked. Not too crunchy & not too soft. The server was nice but forgot my spaghetti. Hope I didn't get charged. She did give great tips on what's great on the menu & they were better than average.
Really awesome buffet. My advice to you is to sample each section before loading your plate because the whole buffet is overwhelming and once you do sample each section, go ahead and go crazy with your favorite samplings. Remember it's a buffet.
Loved it!  Reminded me of the frozen custard I would eat in PA. Yummy.
Great food selection, and decent prices.  Has small portions, so make sure you order enough if super hungry.  Good atmosphere for date night!
Had breakfast here.  It just wasn't good.  Eggs were runny and cold, French toast had no flavor.  Silver lining...Fresh orange juice was good.
Interesting food and drink choices and a fun atmosphere, I enjoyed it a great deal
Lots of food for a decent price.  My burger was tastey, so were the wings.  The resteraunt itself is clean and pretty nice towards the back with all the decorations.  Typical burger joint, nice spot to stop by when you're hungry and don't want to wait long.
Went tonight good drinks good food good service and live music on a sunday night. Try the sausage and mushroom gnocci very tasty.
I enjoy this location.  The Beer Club event once a month, from 5pm-7pm, is a good look.  Its worth joining.  Going today after work.
Hot dogs are amazing.
Khristine is awesome. She uses gentle products and is just fun to talk to. She gives some pretty sick haircuts. She can go really conservative or really edgy - it's awesome.\n\nBASICALLY, SHE ROCKS.
Had the salmon BLT, which was tasty but pretty small for the price.  Went with peanut butter pie for dessert.  Not a huge fan of it, I make better pb pie.  Overall the bill, with tip, was $25 :(
Absolutely great!!  Food is delicious and everyone is friendly. Whether it's lunch or dinner they have a great selection. Best Korean BBQ place and been to in Vegas and the best price
Great late night dinners good Vietnamese food, love their pho soups :)
First let me say that thier chowder is pretty darn good but that is about it. Had the calimari and the shrimp scampi. Calimari was not near as good as in the past and the scampi was absolutely horrific...not worth a revisit!
The worst customer service.   Very unorganized at the cash register.   Waited over 15 minutes for food.  The employees socialize with customers rather than provide service.  Never coming here again when I can drive up the road and be served the correct way.
Compared to the feast buffet at Red Rock this one sucks. Good points for service, overall quality and selection are disappointing.
As a theatre, great place to see a movie. But have been concerned about the cleanliness. After movies they do clean the theatre but I've been there a few times and it hasn't been cleaned well. Bottles on the floor. Two out of five times is a concern.
I took my two Golden Retrievers in for a close shave and baths and Margo's did an excellent job!  Their coat is smooth, soft and just the right length.  I really like the open feel of the shop...the staff was also very friendly.
The flavors were out of this world.  The service is excellent.  I can't wait to go back.  Thanks for a great meal.
The inside is different than what you may expect - clean and not overly smokey. Their dishwasher was broken so everything was served in really small glasses. On Fridays they have a poker tournament that is apparently feee to play with some cash prizes.
This is one of the best dining experiences we have had in Tempe. The menu offers a great variety. Really there is something for everyone. The cocktails are also top notch. The service is prompt and friendly, and the decor is great. We will be back!!!
i dont think i'll even give a star.  stayed here one time about 4 years ago for a damn conference thing...hated it...service and etc.  rather stay at circuscircus
Went for Restaurant week on 9/21, the food and presentation were good.  Most unhappy that they added a gratuity of 29% for a party of 4.  Absolutely ridiculous and will not go back.
I was pleasantly surprised to find their prices are only slightly higher than what I'd find back home. While there are plenty of restaurants to eat in Vegas sometimes you just want something that's cheap and quick.
One star is generous.... soggy chimichanga.... over-priced....
The pizza was terrible the sauce was sh**, the cheese was gross, and the topics were gross. \nThe mozzarella sticks were not melted and tasted bad\nThe garlic knots were bland and had dough that seemed microwaved
A good place to take kids.It wasquite relaxing and wasnt to noisy.It also has a drivethrew if your in a rush or just cant be bothered getting out the car.It has toilets which are quite clean.It has a doesnt sized car park.
Although this is something everyone should see, it is a HUGE buzzkill. :/ Why does it have to be in vegas?
Had to wait for table. Kind of expected due to lunch rush.1pm.  I noticed manager and another employee sitting at a table eating even with a line of 6 people waiting to order.\nI asked for sweet fire chicken received surf & turf.
The bar is very friendly and service was great. Free chips and salsa is a bonus too. Different types of salsa's to sample too. Wings were fair.
THE BEST Chinese in Charlotte.  Hands down.  Great service.  If you are thinking of going to PF Chang's...keep moving down the street to Sharon Corners.  Shopping center is difficult to get in and out of but it is worth it.
I would definitely recommend this place for vegans and vegetarians.  In town for business and tried it for the first time.  Lentil soup was the best I've ever had.  Sweet and Sour Devine was devine.
No thanks. Ill stick to being hungry.
This place is horrible. Its one of those places that you think could be fun because of the movie. The idea is good, but the only people dancing on the bars our the audience. You can't just have your patrons dance. Something professional would be nice.
Not the cheapest but nice clean cab very clear with costs.
Tried SaBai for lunch one day and Eric, the owner, was a gracious, wonderful host.  The food was exceptional, service was great and the atmosphere is interesting.  I will definitely return for dinner!
Went in for a slice of pizza.   Stood at the counter for 5 minutes. No one ever came out.  So I left,  this wasn't at a weird hour either.  It was noon.  Not impressed
Great start! Our wait was short and very organized. Loved the text when table is ready. Waited about 30 mins for food. A little long for breakfast but food was very good.
The cap was delish. the barista who made my drink was a rude bitch. If I was an asshole I'd taker dollar back.
A little secret to the District's Happy Hour. Buy your drinks from the semi-circle bar inside rather than the bar closest to the entrance.  A few more steps saves you a dollar or two on the drinks.  What's the difference? Nothing that I can tell other than the price.
Great burger and the kid's meal is plenty of food for just $6
Never again. Disappointed. If you plan on going with children please be aware that the place is a heavy hot box. Rooms were decent.
I actually enjoyed my short visit here. The staff was knowledgable of what I was in search for and knew exactly where to set me up. The was very well kept and maintained. The staff was friendly and super helpful. The only ding was the bathroom was out of order. Otherwise, great visit.
This place is disgusting. Ordered 2 entree's for $18 w/tax and the chicken was the worst that i've ever had from anywhere. It was burnt, fatty, and had bones/gristle.  Called to complain and the person I spoke to on the phone didn't seem to care at all.
The grand cafe food is wonderful - the service is very poor.  We waited in line longer to give them our money than we did sitting and eating our food!  I wish we could give you folks four stars, but service is a great deal apart of eating!!!
Had the Taco Platter. Good, but not great. Should have known - Las Vegas is not the place to get great tacos. Fillings were a bit dry. Granted we were eating a late lunch, but Taco Fillings should not be dry.
Great lunch time or dinner spot especially for the price. Their sushi is pretty good as well as any thing they coat with tempura. Their lunch time 2 item special which comes with soup or salad and rice will only set you back less then 8 bucks. You will not be disappointed.
I love the MAC AND CHEESE at the Old Fashioned! Nowhere can beat it!
Very unprofessional style, I could have done better.  Not sure if she was new or just not very good.
This restaurant is fantastic, very elegant and very stylish.\n\nThe food is really good and the service is top notch. The portions are quite large, but that's how it's usually in Vegas.
This show was OKAY.  I see that happening a lot now...making money off of dead entertainers like Elvis, MJ, by blastering their music loud and have performers in wild costumes dancing and jumping all over the place.  Lacks originality.  I think the Cirque Du Soleil brand has become too diluted.
Just found a hair in my salad.....absolutely disgusting.  I don't recommend this place to anyone.
This Is Old School Vegas At Its Finest!!! Nothing Like It Anywhere In Vegas Anymore
Absolutely, abysmally awful. I wouldn't eat here again on a bet. The food tasted like if someone set a homeless guy's trash cart on fire and served the ashes. I'd rather suck the ass-end of a menstrual skunk than eat there again.
Really great customer service. You can definitely tell this is a local family run business. Everyone was so nice and the food came out really fast. I'm happy to find a pho place that is closer to home! Will come here again :)
We took the kids to Las Vegas and stayed at MGM. The Rainforest Cafe was a place my kids liked to hang out. We had breakfast there and we were NOT impressed. The service wasn't great and the food was so-so. However, the atmosphere was great and kept the kids entertained.
My favorite food near asu!
Quite possibly the best drinks I've ever had.  As a Seattle guy, I miss it already.  Great service and beautiful decor inside and out.  Can't remember the names of our servers, but I wish I could give you huge kudos.  Next time, we shall.
a good event albeit it was less crowded at previous tastings by using the pool area and Veil...too many people this year in Veil for hvac to keep room at a moderate temperature but a few tastes later the temperature was the same or warmer but somehow more palatable...
Decent greasy spoon diner, but the last time I walked in there was a million fruit flies all over the first table I saw. Gross!
We still love this place. The new faves are their homemade Ranch on fries and the fish machaca taco... We have even sampled the quesadilla (try El gobernador)... All delish. The owner will make suggestions for what to choose on the salsa bar with your tacos.
The sushi was delicious, different, and fresh.  It's a really cool place with a dj some nights. Check it out!
Steak was mediocre, tough, worse than any other casino steakhouse I've been to.\n\nService was slower than dirt, except the guy doing the water - my cup was being constantly topped off.\n\nDessert was great, however - the chocolate mousse cake was pretty tasty.
Video lounge?  Huh?\nCafe?  Huh?  Try a gay bar.\nThat being said.....GREAT.
Not impressed. Did not like the atmosphere of the establishment. Seemed dingy and dirty. Food was ok. I would recommend famous Dave's if you're in the mood for laid back inexpensive barbecue.
N E W   S E A T S !!!!  The old bench were terrible and kept us away.  We spent two games this year and we are hooked.
spent 29.45 on roll and 2 sides of rice at 4.00 a piece. we were the only ones in the restaurant on Saturday night.  server did not even know what sushi was. lack of knowledge. they cancelled reverse happy hour my crossing off with a sharpy. over priced everything
I have to say that I actually liked this location.  It is much better than the Chandler one because it was upbeat and the food, if possible, seemed better.  The service is a little slow, though.   It was a good place to kick back with the co-workers.
While the food is fine and typical of all KFC's the service here is really slow and in the drive-thru they wont ask anyone to pull up so if a large order is in front of you plan on being there 20min.
Everything here it top notch, A+.  Buffet, room, great poker room, service.  Their   Had great seats for the \"O\" theater and was magnificent. \n\nGet a room facing the front pond for great water show views at night.  Worth the money at least once in your life...
The first visit shows some promise.  The cheese curds are great but best with regular ranch.
Awful service.  Never saw server JC again after she took the order.  Nobody ever checked back to see I everything was okay and coffee was not refilled.  The check wasn't even brought to the table.  I guess all It must be poor management because all Coco's seem to have problems from CA to AZ.
Was quite underwhelmed to be perfectly honest. Slow service, pricier than some competition and for what? The food was just ok, no one was impressed; there are much better places to go for Mediterranean food in town. This restaurant may have been great under its previous management, but we won't be returning.
We love this McDonalds. They are clean and fast and the food is always fresh. The help is polite and i love the sweet tea.
Service,food and salad bar was great!!! All meats where great, but my family was all in agreement the pork ribs where HORRIBLE!!
This market is always fun to visit even if I don't have something specific I need to buy. It has an awesome selection of products from many different countries so if there is something you need that you can't find at your regular grocer I bet it will be here!
Yuck!!
Very nice products, beautifully made, however sales girl did not know very much about the leathers and owner was not in shop, we bought an item, then when it didnt work, and we did an exchange, owner was there and charged extra for same item that was originally less than whag we bought,.a bit disappointed.
I had the best experience here. Dr Gloria Chen-Kaye was amazing! She explained everything in great detail & even showed me diagrams of what my treatment was going to entail. Gave great prevention tips as well. Staff was superb. I highly recommend her for anyone looking for a top-notch periodontist.
Everything was great. The drinks, food and service were all perfect, and the cost wasn't too high. Highly recommended!
Been waiting 2 hours to be seen by a vet. Only one person in front of us when we got here. My dog has been throwing up blood in the waiting room and despite our complaining, still no vet. If there are other 24 hour animal hospitals use them.
The escargot ... THE best I've ever had!
Huge F21 with horrible customer service. Stay away, you'll be waiting in line as they practically ignore you for ten minutes.
Just another chain restaurant. Dry meat, cold fries, poor service. Not sure what I expected when I walked in.
It good for breakfast. Waitress says they been thru some changes and hope they are done!  Food is always dependable is why we stop on our travels.
Amazing bagels but average service . They are under staffed and also the manager isn't the nicest . She has a bit of an attitude .
It's food is over priced and the atmosphere is loud and chaotic. Even though there is an 'adult section', just consider this mainly a hot spot for kids and immature teenagers.
Now this is a legit dive. I don't like cigarette smoke though so this isn't a spot I'll probably go back to since it's permeated with the smell of smoke.  Definitely where you'll see some real locals!  Cheap beers too!
This is hands down the slowest Starbucks I have been to in the world. I've lived in the area for 4 months and the drive through regularly takes 15 minutes despite maybe 4 people in line.
Nice girl but my entire French manicure has all chipped and it hasn't even been 24 hours!  Definitely not worth the 45$ manicure plus 15$ tip!
Montreal is a great and vibrant city but PET Airport is cramped, dated, dark, and congested.  Its too bad that everyone gave up on Mirabel Airport.
go here for the well priced powerades & they sell backwoods fresh ones ! customer service could be better on certain days but hey cant complain
We ordered the shrimp lo mein and beef and vegetable dish. The lo mein has horrible, bland, no flavor even with extra sauce. The vegetables with the beef were raw. I never had such bad food at any other pei wei before
Breakfast here with the family was pleasant. I had the fruit plate and oatmeal and my family was quite happy with their eggs in different variations. The service was really good as well.
The food warrants a five star but the service was terrible! No drink refills we had to ask, no check we had to ask and no personality! Great burnt ends though!
The most important quality a mechanic can have is honesty. Meet Tim Walter. When I take my car to Walter's I know the service will be good, fast and won't take a chunk out of my last paycheck. Calling ahead is usually a good idea so they can fit you in...
Very busy. Pricey... $14 for a margarita ...that wasnt the greatest. Food is ok... I wouldnt call it authentic.... place was packed grab a seat when you can...even if it is dirty.
Johnny Burrito is A-Okay. Not great, not bad, just Okay. Logistics works like other burrito places. An assembly line of toppings.\nOrder your meat or veggie, fillers, and sauces. Wrap it up, pack it, rub it down and grub.
This bar is hard to beat. So many great tequilas, and the 24/7 service industry discount (15% off) makes it even better. \n\nThe food is hit-or-miss sometimes; mostly \"hit\" though. So many GF options, too.
Great food, great bar, and a staff that recognizes and acknowledges locals/regulars. The happy hour menu is the great secret.
I loooove their chicken shwarma pita. Good quick service during lunch time and friendly wait staff.
Well done Bacchanal!!\nBeen there twice, both times had an amazing meal! The service is also excellent! It is a bit pricey and be prepared to wait in line to get in, that being said it is the best buffet in Vegas!
Friendliest employees ever, and those hamburgers are fantastic!  Food quality is what I'd expect at a good sit-down restaurant.
The dumbest servers ever!!!! They took 45 minutes to bring us our bill. The customer service is horrific. And the food is awful and microwaved.. Oh why the F! Do I have to pay for chips I didn't order?!?!?!?!?
This location is slow and can't multitask. I've compained three times to corporate about this location. Keep driving and find a better location.
This was a great discovery in the South Side. It is not your typical South Side bar (which is a very good thing in my mind), and it has surprisingly good food! I think it is smoke free too, which makes it all the more appealing. I highly recommend stopping by for some sliders the next time you are in the area!
I really like this place for the $10 smog check. If you don't pay cash it will run ya $11.00 because they charge that extra dollar for you to use your credit/debt card. Never used them for anything else, but they are always busy.
Had lunch with my wife. The quality of the sushi was quite good. My wife had some tempura that was fabulous. Service was friendly and quick. We really enjoyed our lunch. We will be back.
Very nice and friendly. Affordable. \nAll I needed was my water softener checked, so glad I found them instead of paying these other companies $50-150! for someone to just look at my equipment.
My husband and I booked this restaurant for our wedding anniversary dinner after our vow renewal at the Aria.   Everyone loved the food.   And we couldn't beat the price for group dining.   If you are looking for a dinner reception or a small private dinner this is definitely the place.
I had high hopes based on the reviews but I was highly disappointed. The food was subpar at best and not that inexpensive.
I stopped here for a quick lunch before a flight and was pleasantly surprised. The quality beats Chipotle. The bowl was fantastic, really hit the spot.
My husband is a huge meat eater.  I am a pescatarian.  Although there were many choices here, we agreed, nothing was good.  Seriously.  The best thing was the lobster bisque and cheesy potato (I can't remember the exact name of the potato one) soups, how sad is that?  Very.
BOMB :)\n\nEat here. Good food. Great quality. Fast service. Dont compare this to some fast food joint. Its much much nicer. Sit down restaurant quality, but you walk up an order QSR style. :-)
Good food but I haven't been to one of these in nearly 12 years and was pretty excited to go. Traveled way out of my way to get here and I got the one pregnant waitress. OH COME ON!
I used a Groupon for a mani/ pedi. I was really happy with the results. Kristen really took her time to make sure everything was done nice and neatly. During my pedi she really took her time with the foot massage and removing all dead skin. She was awesome and I look forward to returning soon.
Very disappointing morning.  Wanted a great breakfast, but instead received NO service.  Waited 10 minutes to get waited on - and nobody came over to even say hello.  The place was not busy - 5 tables of people with over 5 staff available.  Had to leave after nobody could even say hello.  Sorry to say....won't be back.
Just ok bbq. The place is nothing special, portions are weak. If you're in the neighborhood, do yourself a favor and go to pork on a fork.
Date night with 3 other couples. This place was packed good thing we made reservations. Their service was by far some of the best and fastest especially since we had 8 ppl ordering. Everything was super excellent. Nothing more to say.
I didn't know what to expect when going to this haunted house, but when I got there, it really scared me and my friends.  We had a great time!
I love Costco! Warehouse shopping that takes care of it's customers and it's employees. Electronics have a two year warranty and this is one of the few places I will actually return items instead of having my wife do it, because they don't give me any grief.
If you like \"Locals Casinos\", AC's is fairly decent. There's a large array of penny machines for those who like 'em, and quite a few table games. The dealers are fun and friendly. Could use some more quarter and dollar machines, though.
Just makes your day better when you have friendly service and a yummy bagel!
My house looks beautiful! They were very polite and got me in with short notice. Couldn't ask for anything more.
Ok I have been here Four times now. The bagels are good.  But all four times they were out of something. And 3 of the 4 visits the coffee was luke warm.  When all you sell is coffee and bagels.  Here is a tip. Have bagels and hot coffee!  This is an easy fix whoever is running this place.
Really enjoyed my lunch at Teppenyaki Kyoto. The Yaki-udon with Pork was delicious, the seaweed salad perfectly dressed. I had a very nice conversation with the owner as I sat at the teppenyaki bar. I can't wait to bring the rest of the family.
This place is really very good! :) great selection of food, great prices and portions and the food is delicious. The vibe in the place is very homey and comfortable. Great place to enjoy urself with some great food.
Excellent food and a very good price. We go here at least twice a month. My kids also love the food!
Love my haircut, thank you Vanessa, always love the care you give to me
Food was fair, atleast hot, hard to find at 1 a.m..the problem for me is the staff...have tried several times to get a feel for the place...keep getting the same snobby attitude...will go in a pinch, but not my first choice..
Being from NY, I know bagels (I also baked bagels when I was a teen).  This place is a fast food bagel shop.  Kind of like Dunkin Donuts or Tim Hortons, adequate but not great.  I got a whole wheat bagel with cream cheese.  It kept me going until lunch.
Not good. 30+minutes for sliders and the bartender asks if I want another drink and the. Ignores me. Stay away!!
Disappointed\nMiso soup was cold.\nSashimi tasted old.\nDidn't even eat half of my order.\nSERVICE is really sweet, tho.
As quick food goes this is a definitely favorite! Fresh, delicious food fast! What more could u ask for? A margarita or beer? Oh...they have that too!
Fun to see the turtles and all the geese and ducks. The water fountain is a gorgeous sight. Playground seems cool with tons of slides and a sand box playground. BUT, it is small for a \"discovery\" park but something nice.
Been here at least a dozen times and never left disappointed or Hungary.  Great food and service!
We take our three pets here and have for years. We really like Dr Reese. There front desk staff has never been great. They seemed overwhelmed and not overly friendly. It takes forever for someone to answer the phones and when they do, they put you on hold. I'm considering looking for another vet because of the front desk and phone situation.
Excellent house turned restaurant. Great sandwiches! Great mac and cheese! A variety of beers which we didn't try today but plan to. Will definitely be back!
While the Hells Kitchen wings leave something to be desired in the heat department, they were still tasty. The pizza was awesome and Shelby, our waitress, was great. We were surprised at how empty it was for Super Bowl, but that worked fine for us!
As it's my last day staying here I thought I'd share since the reviews seem shaky.  This place is beautiful and has a great location on the strip.  The room is actually a great size for a standard king bed room.  Clean and nice!
Super-yummy! Super-affordable! Super-nice employees! Super-clean!\nI wish there were more Fazoli's!!!
Excellent food with large portion sizes and very polite employees. You will leave with your stomach full and not spend a lot.
Bought the groupon, been calling for 3 days now. No one ever answers or returns messages.
I went in for lunch and only had a specialty roll - it was very good.\n\nI won't be back due to bad service (the waitress was more interested in chatting with a waiter behind a screen), dirty table and a carpet that needed a shampoo 2 years ago.
Went there late night, after 2pm. Crowd was good and it was packed. Place is small though. Music was decent and had a good time. I think it's probably better earlier in the night but who knows. Would check it out again during prime hours.
I enjoyed it, I loved telling people I ate at LoLo's.  But it is Chicken, waffles, corn bread.  Not my favorites but a fun place to go!
Been here a few times. Drinks are not really good. Service is great.\n\nTried a few of the cocktails, they tasted good, but were lacking in EtOh. Had to get a few extra to get the job done.
Mike is the most honest mechanic in town.  I can always count on them to take the time needed to diagnose any problem my cars have.  After going through multiple mechanics I can honestly say there is no need to look elsewhere.
New to Vegas, I picked this place solely because it was close and convenient. What a great surprise! We just got pizza to go but it was some of the best I've had; hot, fresh ingredients and perfect thin crust. Will definitely be eating here again!
Ok, I went back for dinner when they have full service.\nI much preferred the full service waiter, as I'm super lazy.\n\nI also enjoyed the food on the dinner menu more than the breakfast stuff I had.  I shall give this place another go!
Everything on this menu is awesome! The cucumber salad I highly recommend!!
I grew up going to Cheddars in Lexington, KY!  Their Club Sandwich, Monte Cristo, and Chicken Tenders will make even the unhappiest person happy again. The servers were all very nice at this location and I love that we have this staple in the Valley! I can't wait to go back with my family!
This place is great. The guys here are very nice and explain everything that they are doing to your car. They walk you back in the garage and show you as they explain everything. Bill I believe is awesome so friendly and great customer service. Will refer anyone I know To go here.
Good place to go when you're already drunk and don't mind bad service & bad food.
They tried to sell me an air filter, even though it was recently replaced. Came in with a coupon and they said it is not for the type of oil you need. Its crap like that that makes me think I am ready to find a new oil change place.
I was walking thru the forum shops and saw Pete Rose signing baseballs for a fee.  It just seemed dirty to me.  \n\nTwo stars because they do have good stuff, but not sure they needed Pete Rose to drive traffic.
Great place in Vegas to have steak! The rib cap was MP as 79 but it totally worthy it!!! Besides the side dishes are amazing!!! Highly recommended the mash potato. 3 diff layer flavor with lobster sauce and garlic. Love that!!
Delicious dinner of scallops and trout. The appetizer of calamari was fabulous and the service at the bar with Tommi as our server was perfect. Awaiting music.
They make the best sourdough baguette ever! Yum! Anything I have ever gotten from them is delicious!
Peter is awesome! It was my first time and his service was fast and did a great job! Some technicians i had before from other places dont talk to you but he makes the experience fun! Im really happy about my nails\nDefinitely coming back! :D
The Hotpot base is very good. We ordered the Yuanyang base which is half original and half spicy. The vegetable and meat is quite fresh. It is noteworthy that the amount of food is quite a little. We two ordered ten kinds of food including meat, vegetable and noodles but still not enough.
After walking on foot, in my high heels over from Planet Hollywood, we came to Caramel only to discover that at 3 in the morning that they were already closed for the night.  Why advertise that you stay open until 4am if you don't?
Quality hand car wash, in and out in 10 minutes on a SUNDAY! Thorough- they don't try to upsell you on services which I appreciate!!
Breakfast several times. Always fast friendly service.  Great food. just really like this place!  \nI must add We don't go at prime time -10 am on Saturday or Sunday. We go early like 8 am : ) no wait whatsoever!
After reading many decent reviews and seeing how close the restaurant was to home, I decided to give it a try.\n\nThe young lady at the counter was impatient and had no interpersonal skills. The food was just not good; this place is 'Chinese take-out' at best.
This place is obviously under new management by the looks of the old reviews because their customer service is absolutely top notch!!! Twice now I have done pick up from them and both times I've had outstanding service. They told us 45 min to an hour and our pizzas were on time! We will be back!
When they were under previous management, their food was great. But now it's barely passable. Their fried rice is all gummy and their noodle soups are too salty. Do yourself a favor and go to the old owners' new place -- the Wok -- in Mahomet.
Oh wow!! That sucked. Something is very wrong with this place. I dont know if I hit this place at the wrong time or what. But we should expect more from a strip resturant. Nothing was in line... and my time and my money was wasted. Just sad. RM needs to get his shit together.
my wife and I heard of this place, went there and loved it. aps were good and the pad thai was great.  right near the poker room also. cool
Very mediocre, very salty, very large portions. Meh.
Very reasonable priced las Vegas buffet.  Food is above average nothing impressive but can't complain with price.  Great customer service, were accommodating with special dietary restrictions.
the best hamburgers in town, but the lady screaming every 10 seconds is annoying, please quiet!!!
This location is always busy. But the customer service side sucks. You can tell if the food is fresh or not, and in my case it never is. Stale tasting. The ladies behind the counter are always rushing you, and barely speak English.
Better than average, but nothing amazing here. The spa was tiny but the service was great. Decent gym, but no locker room. The pool area was clean and very colorful. The pool bar was lame.  3 outta 5 for me.
This is a great, wonderful place...overall.  As long as the music in the casino, which filters into the buffet, is so loud that you can't hear yourself think and it distracts from all other experiences within, then I have to give it three stars instead of five.
So big and filling. A great place for a great burger.
Good spot.  Went here on St. Patrick's day.  Good place to find fast women for your friends to gobble up.
company dose not care about getting rid of flies in restaurant.  It is awful. Service is not good.
Holy cow!!! The Barista had a big bloody cut on his hand and kept wiping it on his apron, then was handling the cups and making drinks ewwww!!  When I asked him to stop and go wash his hands, his response was I promise I don't have any diseases.  double eww!!
Great chips and salsa.  Can't say enough about the margarita's.  We had the Friday special - steak fundido's which were awsome.
Simple, not too far from town. Just watch out for slow moving people.
after seeing a worker actually flossing her teeth in the kitchen.............................no thanks, not a place I'll go back to - shame after the praise it got on Triple D
Inspection slow and unprofessional. Left my car dirty and smelling of cigarettes. Should have known better based on yellow-toothed manager.
First time clubbing. It was wayy too crowded but I enjoyed it for my first time. Didn't really enjoy rnb/hiphop music. Line to enter was super fast since we were guests at Venetian. The only thing I liked about this club was that it was free thanks to my friends connections.
Pretty typical GNC. Friendly staff and they carry just about everything. This location was a little hard to find at first. But just know that it's close to the safeway grocery store. \nIf your not buying online then this is a great place to pick up health products, proteins, etc.
Hello Vegas... Ronald's Donuts is the BEST yummy vegan donuts!!\n\nVery friendly!
Cute girls, service sucks bad and the have no personality. .. not a great experience. .. i will never come back.... go ASU!
Best Cajun food around, no wonder it was completely packed in there!
Iphone 4 screen replacement  Quick friendly service. Clean nice store. Very happy with service, price and results.  Great selection of accessories.
Good beer and chicken fingers. Great place to people watch, watch games, and of course beer!  Quick service with a smile!
Well.. This restaurant sucks! I wrote my name in a waiting list.. In that list, I have 2 party in front of me.. But after 15 mins of waiting the owner or server change my Que number to 5 for no reason. I think they give it to other people that he knows! Terrible.. Suck..
Favorite Cirque of all 7. And it's the cheapest one. Amazing cast who performs every time. The host character is the best lol.
Love coming here for breakfast. That being said I am absolutely sick and tired of the rude staff, especially the manager. I'll find somewhere else to eat for now on.
general Staff is nice... HOWEVER, management is VERY RUDE... I had a membership, I don't anymore !
The outside might scare you and I didn't see a Grade rating so we joked about that.  But once we received our order it was very tasty and nicely prepared.  A nice off the strip \"hole-in-the-wall\" not far frim the Palms and Caesars.  Would be great late night food too!
Was not impressed at all..overpriced for the quality of the sushi, service was not very friendly.  The presentation of the food was surprisingly poor.  We will stick with Yume Sushi in Scottsdale.  Hands down the best on all levels!
This gym has everything i could ask for in a workout facility.  I especially love the theater room for cardio.  The staff is friendly and the personal trainers are knowledgeable and supportive of fitness goals.  I have personally worked with Brent for over 6mos and always feel like I get a great workout.
When your looking for that step up from Filibertos or Federicos this is where you go. Prices are competitive,  but the food is far better at Rivas. Looking to try something new. Go for the Surf and Turf Burrito.  Awesome.
excellent food and especially the atmosphere. I went there several years ago (Scottsdale location) and did not care for the food  or service at that time. It has changed quite a bit an was very pleased. The waitress was attentive and my friend and I both had very good Mexican food.
Three weeks out for an appt re: a yeast infection.  It's time to hire some more docs or cut back on the amount of patients you're taking in.
Slowest. Drive-thru. Ever. Been here 3x, same experience every time.
Don't let the location scare you off. As there is nothing special about the location or the interior. \n\nThat said  good authenic Mexican food with a Friendly staff.
The food was fine but the waitress had too many tables and and the sandwich came long after our drinks were gone 20-30 min. we won't go back!
This  hotel  might  have  been  cool  some 40 years  ago. Avoid  staying  here  at  any cost.
it took us a while from the Duquesne incline to get there. We waited about one hour or so till we could finally eat the food. I ordered the lazangna. I was quite satisfied with it but it was still too much for me. The food ordered by my friends however is way too long to meet their expectations.
It was ok.  The brisket sandwich was tasty.  The Mac and Cheese left something to be desired- pretty bland.\n\nDecent for airport food.
SUPER nice staff. All of them! Fabulous Al Pastor. We will come here again and again and again. Love it.
Since it was raining the night we went, we sat inside.\nOur service was great!! Maybe that's where you can find good service, patio is hit and miss. \nOyster's Rockefeller and fish were flavorful and fresh!!
Stay  away. Understaffed , undertrained and billing office soooo confused.
Went for brunch.  Had an omelette.  Food was good, but just good.  Nothing to write home about.  Atmosphere is cool.
I order here from campusfood.com all the time. You can get two 14'' (or 16''? I don't remember) hoagies for $5.99. All of the hoagies are tasty enough, and for a kid in college, this place is a godsend.
Dined here last week.  Food was delicious, especially the tableside guacamole!  But we think the server forgot to place our order - since it took 45 minutes to arrive after the apps.  By that time we were already full and couldn't finish our meals.  They need to work on the timing, but atmosphere and food for good.
OK at best. More deserving of two stars but the bathrooms were clean and the kids menu was good. I found my steak to be below average quality and my wife was not impressed at all. I didn't feel we got a good value for the money. Try Outback for better steaks.
Amazing pizza and calzones.  the crust is so crispy and the sauce is great.  I'm from the east coast and this really feels like I'm back there
I hope the guy that made their website was drunk off their beer specials.\n\nWent there for a karaoke night and it's not the best venue for something like that. The karaoke guy had the words on the TV behind the singer so everyone was turned around.
Another spot for me and the wife. Chenga and Woody always take care of us. Great Sushi! Refuse to go anywhere else. Good beer too! Be sure to eat at the bar, thats where its at!
I can't wait for the day I walk away from a $120/person steak dinner feeling like I got what I paid for.  This wasn't it.
I love this place. I also frequent the Scottsdale location.
Came here after reading the good reviews and I am so glad I did!! The staff was so friendly, encouraging you to try multiple flavors and telling you about all the stuff they have! The ice cream is amazing and so was the experience!
WORST GYM EVER!! Tricks you into having to pay more and won't let you cancel your membership without paying outrageous fees. All employees are very rude! Go to Desert Fitness, same monthly cost and you get access to so much more!
This a fantastic place and food is really good. Great place to watch a game of football or have some per night out drinks...it's a must if you are in the area.
LOVE Their pizza and Cesar salad.They use fresh high end ingredients and are reasonably priced.  Their Garlic knots are good but a little oily but great flavor. The calzones are soggier then I like but still have good flavor.
New management but same poor training and employee attitude.  Cold food and when asked the employee if the wrap was supposed to be cold.  She said it wasn't because she made it herself in the microwave.  I said you better check the microwave and she gave me more attitude.  Don't expect much here!!!!
Appalling service, revolting food and little wonder on the night we went there was no other person in the restaurant. Interesting to note that my previous review of this odious establishment has been taken off!
No confession here.  I will profess my love for this joint.  Not the closest one to where I live, but better tasting.  I see the same people working there no matter when I show up.  I think they're robots.  Great food nonetheless.  You can never go wrong with the rolled tacos.
deep dish pizza done right.  close enough to chicago to get the real thing.
On time, good price, excellent job. The technician saved me hundreds by just repairing my opener instead of replacing it. Now my door is perfect. He showed great knowledge, is personable, and even went out of his way to help my neighbor with an adjustment.
Food was OK prices were outrageous combination plates are an average 10 dollars, if you want cheese tack on more money. Been there done that won't return......
Had the Chow fun noodles with chicken, very good. The pot stickers on the other were a little dry. I would still recommend this place to people. Good sized portions.
Not too bad.  Lots on the menu for a deli.  Atmosphere is fair and it's a bit loud in the dining room especially with a woman yelling out numbers for order pickups (extremely irritating).  Sandwiches are ok, nothing special.
Maybe they changed cooks but the last time I went there was the first time I was ever disappointed.  Everything just seemed to lack flavor.  So sad.....
The slowest car rental service.  Had to return bad GPS. I'll pay a few extra bucks for service.
Come here for the dessert and that's about all. Spend a fortune on an average meal that no one was overly thrilled with, but the crepes were fantastic!
This is our favorite place for...grown-up pizza. lol!  I probably wouldn't bring the kids, but my husband and I love it for date nights. Amazing coal fired pizza, great salads, great wine!
if you want to buy better stuff go to Fashion Show Mall , wait for a holliday or sales ... better quality better stuff better everything\nthis outlet is more like a trap , it only makes you think you get a bargain but in reality you only get out of fashion left overs :)\nPeace and love !
Thank you Jessica for fixing my disaster of a haircut! It is clear that being a hair stylist is your passion. Thanks a bunch! BTW, my friend loved your work as well.
We use to come with all our friends for their steak special but we were really disappointed the last few times we came.  Never mind the service is slow, the food was not worth the wait.
The food is good. Price is reasonable. Better than the other Vietnamese restaurant in the Charlotte area.
Just ate lunch here today and while the food was OK--but tending toward flavorless--I thought the service was rather brusque. Also they charge you $1 for a slice of bread if you want it. I get the charge, but at least toss in 2 slices of bread for a dollar.
Our community is using First Service since October 2013 and we are currently looking for another company.  They do not return calls promptly or follow through with requests.
Let's see this is the first time getting food from here. If we like it we will be be back.\nThe shake is kinda small for $4.00 let's see the taste. I am gonna try the jalepanio chichen I like spicey.
the best
My husband, son, daughter and I went for a Sunday lunch. My little girl who is only 2 did not want to sit still and cried so we left so other people could actually enjoy their lunch. Husband went back to pick up our lunch so we could enjoy it at home. We were very pleased. We will be back.
I got the chicken protein bowl and it was delicious! The concept of ordering through an iPad is convenient and being able to customize it easily is great too! I will definitely be going back.
Great place. Open air seating along the sidewalk and outside. Some tv's in bar but they need more and bigger screens. Food was good. Pretty wide selection of food types. Pizza, burgers, salads etc.. Our server Stefanos M.  was amazing!!
came back to Pittsburgh for a wedding and couldn't find anything in my price range close to the city until i found this motel...it was very affordable....room was okay...cable tv and a/c worked fine....
Amazing nacho fries! Intelligensia coffee. Awesome, friendly servers. And big juicy burgers. This place is soo good! My friends and I had a great time here. The wait was short and the food was fantastic. We will definitely come back the next time we go to Vegas.
We were served with our coffee first and the waiter served us with dirty mugs and one has lipstick stain and the lip mark  was perfectly still preserved on the rim of the mug!  Made me lose my appetite!  You'll not see me again in this IHOP!!!
Fantastic! We went for my boyfriend's birthday. The atmosphere is classic. The food was so fresh and good. It is one of the best restaurants in the Burgh! Highly recommend this place for special occasions.
Super tasty breakfast, super fast and excellent service. Cool spot and family ran! Would eat here again.
these reviews could be for any QT in the country. Clean as you can get. food is fresh. Prices are decent and super fast.
The live events are excellent, so verify they have something playing when you visit.  You can spend days in this museum if you love music so be prepared!   try to catch the apollonia music show that happens everyday.   \n\nThe museum restaurant was also really impressive.  We had a chestnut soup that was spectacular.
Good but I am sure the staff is high. Or retarded. Also, they do not use enough meat.
Excellent food and service.
BADDDDD SERVICE!!!! Didn't serve drinks in time coffee was cold asked for napkins and never got them I do not recommend eating there at all?!?!
This is a god little shop to go to.It can be a bit pricey on some things though.It offers all the usual things you would expect from a newsagents.The shop is run by two friendly people who are very helpful.
Ugh! No A/C in this place!!! Never again coming back but their spicy duck was delicious.
Went to craftsteak with a group of about 7 people.  The steak and pork were overdone and way too salty.  We had all been to our share of steak houses in NY and it just seemed like the prices were not justified by the food.
Italian night club was gross. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Balance of sandwich tasted like onions and mayo mushed between two slabs of so-so bread. \n\nLoud music.  Staff was somewhat brusque.\n\nI find Subway far better.
It's Denny's but on the strip!  Meat lover's omelet is a great follow up to a down night of gambling.  Just makes you feel like a million bucks.
My experience here was wonderful! Their menu indicates which items can be gluten free which was very convenient. And their kale salad is honestly the BEST I've ever had in the valley. Sooooo good.
Very nice servers/wait staff.  Food was very good!  Spicy fried rice actually had some heat to it!  They even have REALLY good tasting fortune cookies!!
Wasn't very impress with this place.  Service was ok and food was pricey and not worth it. Definitely not coming back.
This is is Illy so coffee is great. The Moarocchino is really good. However, the sandwiches are overpriced. Still need to try the coffee floats.
Quality is really bad but as the only 24 hour place around Concordia, I guess it'll have to do
Downright delicious. Creative, affordable and adventurous! Try it. You will not be disappointed.
This is the people's art gallery. There's something here for everyone, but the best part is they walk the talk about showcasing local art and lots of it--high quality stuff.  Makes you think, and the prices are very reasonable.
The BEST cleaners.  Awesome service, very fair prices, IMPECCABLE work!  Great location and fast turnaround.
Nice place with great service but the food is just so so, nothing special. Not bad but not good either, just ok. I think I will not return as there are better in the area.
First time I've been disappointed here. Service was slow, no utensil, no condiments,waited forever for check.
Great atmosphere and good food...that's affordable!  Don't forget to check out the rooftop area!
I brough my car for service to this location , and waited for 15 minutes no one adknowledged me ! Service is very slow!   No very friendly customer service at all! When my service contract expires i will never comeback here!
They never answered their phone.\nMaybe they're out of business?
Dude kicked us out for doing coke. We don't do drugs! Check the freakin restroom more often. We don't do drugs. And I guess we don't pay the bill either. My credit is still there and I cancelled it.  Oops
Not a bad place. Food was good, environment was nice. Music messed it up alittle though. I really don't think playing yellow submarine in a Mexican food restaurant is authentic especially when it looked like that's the theme they were going for. Servers are ok but all over the place. All in all not bad.
The food and environment were pretty good the two times I visited but the staff, at least the men, are churlish. They act grumpy and as if they are doing you a favor by serving you food at all. The menu, as others stated, is daunting.
Food tasted good and everyone was very nice but was it coincidence that we were both glued to the toilet that night?  Might give it another try but need to give the flora a chance to rebuild in my gut first.
yuck yuck and yuck! the food is horrible and tastes like fast food or it came from a can! went there for breakfast and there was not a good selection. the layout is confusing. we tried lunch too and it was just as bad! the ravioli tasted like chef boyardee! never again!!!!!
The girl Sarah at the Makeup Forever counter is fantastic!!! She knew what she was talking about and made my night!!! I looked fabulous! I am so coming back for every event. Love it
This is my fourth time coming here. I accidentally found it when one of my flights got cancelled. Tim is very friendly and a very accommodating host.\n\nEvery year I make it a point to come back just to relax and do absolutely nothing by the pool.
I have to say I was disappointed with this show. The stunts were not nearly as difficult or spectacular as some of the other shows they do, and it really seemed to drag. I usually don't want a Cirque show to end, but I caught myself checking my watch several times. Go see LOVE instead.
Small local trophy shop with amazing customer service.  They really pay attention to detail and care about making the customer a quality product.  If your in search of anything that needs print on it I highly suggest the Trophy Den
Well pleased with Steve professional work. Got my Dodge truck done as time promised. He was very courteous and friendly.
Beautiful display.  Even the bf loved it and didn't get bored which is a hard task for men looking at flowers lol.  Anyhow I'm definitely thinking of making the trip here again in winter to look at those displays.  They have great variety of plants.
Bad:  The salon is run down. 2 of the the spa pedi chairs are asking to be put out to pasture. \n\nGood:  2 of the pedi chairs are pretty new, (go for the black ones) Big selection of nail colors. The ladies are very nice.
The Bank is my favorite club in Vegas. It's definitely worth the cover charge. Every song is great, every single song makes the dance floor go wild. There's beautiful friendly people, just a good vibe all the way through. This is the club where I've had the most luck ;)
Smothered Chicken is the bomb.  Reminded me of my Grandmothers.  Will be back soon
Worst company in the world.  I had no idea how bad they were.  I was a loyal customer for 20 years but when I needed them they kicked me to the curb.  Axxholes.  I also needed a loss report for my new replacement insurance and they keep bouncing me at customer no service.  Buyer beware from Chubb!
I like two types of Ramen we ordered. Very traditional and very Japanese style. The service is like home style, very warm hearted! Strongly recommended!
This is a very laid back bar with attentive staff. The food menu is limited but good. My friends who are beer drinkers seems to enjoy the variety. It's a nice place to grab lunch or unwind with friends after work.
Clean room in newer tower but no coffee for the in-room coffee machine. I called housekeeping and they said we have to pay for it. Rio wins as the first hotel I have ever stayed at that does not offer complementary coffee. Sham on them!
Bahn mi inferior to Mr Sandwich in the next strip mall in basically every way, plus the place feels like a McDonald's inside.
I wasn't very pleased with my previous experience here. I was just chillaxin and watching my movie then I found RAT POOP in my popcorn. But on the bright side the staff is very friendly and stuff. \nGET A CANDY OR DRINK, NOT POPCORN
This poker room is another place that I like to play NLH when I am in town.  Depending on the crowd, it can be easy pickings or one has to really grind things out.  The staff offer great service as well.
Probably my second favorite place in the valley after OHSO.\n\nAwesome selection, decent food, service can be a little slow occasionally but still 5 stars.\n\nI hear they have good breakfast during football games, but have yet to try it.
Machines were broken so 4 less selections of yogurt.\nStore clerk talked on phone entire time while ringing up customers.\nToppings looked old.
I ate dinner here on my recent trip to LV. I had the Peppercorn steak with the yukon mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked just right and the mashed potatoes were incredibly tasty!
I did like this place until we set for 30 minutes and no service, now I know why it's never crowded.
Ate here because we were at THE Hotel.  The restaurant is right in the lobby nicely done in dark wood and with a view of the passing Vegas crowd.   We had lunch and it was very well done.   The service was a little slow but if I was there I would go back.
Average to slightly above average sushi.
Went here for brunch/lunch.  The prime rib was pretty good, crab legs passable. Everything else standard buffet fare. Macaroons also quite delecious. Pretty good overall for the price. Great dessert selection.
Just had lunch at Ginza and as always it was Spectacular!!!  Great sushi, rolls and service.  Price was right also for all you can eat.  Presentation was beautiful.  Will definitely go back for more!!  Recommend it to anyone.
Pharmacy was rude.
First time and wasn't disappointed! The ambiance was definitely upscale for a Thai place and the food and service were upscale as well !  We found a great new Thai place near home that is perfact for a date night or family dinner!
They have average to good suits (material, cut, tailoring) but even with sales prices Men's Wearhouse is too expensive. I bought two suits for the price of one, and had my tuxedo tailored at the Camelback location.
Love this place !! Really good ranch and wings. their 6inch pizza is perfect for one. Great tasting. Good clean place to eat and the service is good
Bland tasteless food. Service was good and the drunks were alright. Nothing special here and not the best balue. Overrated like most places on Yelp.
Hunter, fisherman, camper, archer, rifleman's heaven.  I wish they had one of these in Hawaii.
Fish was good. I moved here from central Wisconsin and it was a delight to see so many fish varieties. Vegetables were good too. If you want what you want, this is the place to go.
I like the place and the service from Candace was awesome, food was just ok
Service was great. The food was good as well. Had the burger, wife had the pesto chicken sandwich. Pub atmosphere reasonably priced for vegas.
Awesome food for sure. One point off because the bartender was super surly and we were the only ones in there. Plus side, the very friendly waitress brought out our food to us inside the bar. Manapuas are delicious and saimin and Mac salad were Ono.
Paper thin walls so don't get first floor.  It's just a renovated apartment building and rooms seemed small.  10 year old 25\" CRT Televisions.  Pool cold for kids.  \n\nPROS:  Nicest staff of any hotel I've stayed at.
My co-workers invited me to go with them to eat at these place, man! I'm really thankful I went. Staff are nice, cool and clean place and most important good food. I also went back here to with my friend and my mom to show the new place I discovered.
Came in on our way to the airport to get some deep fried chicken skin and my gf couldn't resist trying their halo halo. She liked the halo halo, chicken skin not so much.\n\nPlace was pretty busy and the food looked good, maybe next trip we'll try it out.
Another place closed for a while now. This place closed years ago. There is one at the marketplace if your craving the creamery.
Closed and blowed up.
This sushi was just ok. The fish was not really fresh. We will not be returning to this restaurant.
The food is decent and it comes very, very quickly, as did the after effects.
Not a bad place for beer and food. Bar and grill normal. Decent craft brew and the Texas Caviar was pretty good. Nice people and pretty fair service.
I love Five Guys. First time to this location and was disappointed on the large fries portion. You use to get an extra scope of fries at the bottom of the bag but I guess they don't do that anymore. You set that expectation so needless to say we were disappointed and so were other patrons as we heard their comments as well.
nice to get off the strip and be in a dive bar. Staff is nice, music rocks and it's just a fun place!
They do a awesome job here, but they do talk shit about you and make it obvious.
This place is nothing special.  Just like every other RA, the food is okay and the atmosphere is asian inspired.  There are better places to eat around the Old Town Scottsdale area.  I say skip this and try something else like the Orange Table.
The service was appalling. They left us on the back patio and forgot about us.  When something was said, they didn't seem to care.  We left and went to Phoenix City Grill.
We have been coming to Homeplate since it opened.  It always has great food and friendly staff.  Highly recommend.
Hot dog, Italian beef or salads, can't make a mistake.  Love their outdoor patio.  Be sure to try the strawberry shortcake
The only reason I would return to Aria.
Interesting architecture, but that's all that was interesting about this place. Very college-pub atmosphere with not a whole lot interesting beer..
The food isn't bad, but it could be a whole lot better.   It was missing some heat.  If the food was spicier and the if the rice were more authentic I would be a fan.
I love the movie theater but the smoke is terrible. Then again every casino has the same issue.
I love this place, they treat my dog with wonderful care & they do an excellent job with his grooming needs.The staff is nice & they meet your every request & concern. 2 up!
They used to do a good job but now they don't seem to care about costumer's satisfaction. The guy who was cleaning my car spent a lot of time texting.
My boyfriend & I dined in yesterday morning and ended up getting food poisoning for the rest of the day, which also ruined our plans for the day considering that I'm on vacation. Although we had an excellent server, I'm afraid to eat eggs and cheese again!
Love East Valley Vapors, they moved me up in the big boy stages of vaping.  Kevin is very helpful in the education of not having to spend a fortune and to sustain a reasonable cost of living outside of smoking.  Thanks Kevin for all of your help!!!
Visiting from Ca. We found Spinato's. The pizza was delicious the beer was cold and the service was great. A great atomsphere.
At 3 am it was OK ..I guess u can't go wrong with $6.99 for steak and eggs right? I wanted something nicer but we didn't find anything :'( that was open :'( plus my pal had to get to school in a few hrs :-/
Came here for dinner with a rather large group of 12 but the waiters kept forgetting things we ordered such as not bringing my friend's beer that we eventually had to cancel and not bringing half of our group's dinner. Overall the ambiance is fun an the food is good. I highly suggest you get the catfish sandwich
Great coffee, super nice staff and dog friendly patio. This is a great place to meet friends, have an informal business chat or just relax. Jake is a dog whisperer...
Has the best nigiri that I've tasted. Get the salmon nigiri. Enjoy.
This place has gone to absolute crap with the new ownership! DO NOT I repeat DO NOT waste your time!!!
Darla was great, we had a big party with split checks and was extremely patient and \nNice. \n\nThe burger was amazing, the goblets are soo good. I had the white gummy and they Mai tai.
I end up here once a month - mostly drawn by the lovely cocktails. Service is slow and the menu has grown stale. No lunch menu, which is a bummer.
Too many ticky tack changes.  Wings on special but you have to pay for ranch dressing! Service wasn't that good. Not coming back.
Very, very noisy.  Fair service.  Food was mediocre.
Over priced!  If you were looking for the happy hour specials, good luck! You'd better have that menu memorized or your going to walk away spending $60 on 3 mini tacos and an enchilada with drinks. Not cool!
Restaurant was packed even it's Weekday. We the family of four ordered Lamb & Beef Briyani which was Ok\"rice is sticky\". We liked Nan so much but chili chicken was not up-to our expectation. Service was slow and server looks too casual. Price is Reasonable.
So far they're only succeding in pissing me off.  I'm trying to plan a large event here and have been emailing and calling for two weeks with very little response.  \nIf you don't want my business, just say so and I'll move on.  Mmmkay?
Great neighborhood gem! Friendly staff, fresh deli, groceries, produce, smokin deals on liqour and beer.
Service was quick through the drive-through. Location is a bit tricky though.
Really, a 45 minute wait at 11 PM on a Sunday night? \n\nMy thoughts until I tasted the Combo Pan Roast. So damn EFFIN good!!\n\nChef JJ and server Joe rocked...this place is a new Vegas tradition.
Not that I enjoy dental work.. but this was a pleasant experience in getting a crown. The price was good and the work done was exceptional... Great Job!
Horrible. Do not go. The staff doesnt pay attention to your orders or care at all. All the food is watery & lacking real flavor. Even the salsa is pretty crappy. I'd rather eat my own fingernails!
The ONLY POPEYES in town that doesn't have the Tuesday special. You get 1 star for being a greedy franchise.
Wonderful and friendly service , fast shipping at sheep price
I always come here after playing a round of Par 3 golf next door.  How can you go wrong with hundreds of beers, pretty girls and descent bar food?  You can't!  Cool spot - check it out!
The pool was closed for the evening and the hotel even has a sign, ready to close the pool for any given event. This is not fair for patrons that plan and pay for the use of the pool and are not allowed. Also, it took over two weeks for the Silverton to even respond to my feedback.
Just ate here, 3 pizzas, all extremely  soggy and almost watery  in the center. Could not pick up a slice without everything  falling off. To be quite frank little  cesars is better quality.  I would never return  here even if it was free.
So much fun with a very large variety of machines! The play prices were very good and some of the games even gave 5 balls per game! Great place to spend time!
Great Brats!
I attended a large group dinner here in May...kind of a strange selection since some people don't care for Asian food.  I must have ordered wrong because some other guests enjoyed their meal more than I did.  The sea bass was fishy smelling...which completely turned me off from the dinner.
After watching Tool Fiery's review on triple d a couple of time, we finally tried it. Looked better on t.v. We left over easy with an un-easy feeling in our stomach and wallet. $3.00 for a shot of o.j. Come on man.
there service was fabulous and burgers were  on point!  I highly recommend this joint!
A hidden gem definitely worth the trip from Scottsdale. Can't find any better or more authentic Mexican food, promise.
I seriously did not know this was a smaller version of Mrs. Buttersfileds. The wait time was super long and the dining area was super tight. Food is just as good as the mother restaurant. I recommend Butters if you are ever in the area.
I'd say this is a nice little place to stop off for a quick sandwich. I haven't had any bad experiences the employees are friendly and the foods pretty good. It's nothing too different than your normal subway/Quiznos joint.
Everybody told me about this place when I said I was moving to Pittsburgh and, sure enough, it is awesome.  All the Belgian beer a girl could want.  And the wings.  And oh, the Mason Dixon dog.
Fajitas were good, but appetizers and other dishes could use some work.  Flavor and texture was off.
Replace the cook. Pretty bad service (\"we don't have fried vegetables as a side order\"). Crispy duck was fatty, bony and raw (waitress exchanged it with spicy chicken which was oversalted). It is also unreasonably expensive. In one word: avoid.
Wouldn't have thought to go in here for sushi, but on the recommendation of several friends we tried it, and the food is fantastic.  Also, I personally find the small and slightly unfinished dining area welcoming, and for a Sushi place, very unique.
Amazing food and drinks! One of our favorite places to go to satisfy Mexican food craving. You know the place is good when chips and salsa are the bomb!
They r closed for remodeling. It wasn't very convenient when it says 24/7  during my late night pizza craving
Best sushi I've had in a long time !! Went with some co-workers had a great meal &dessert . The lighting is a bit dark but over good atmosphere. Our waiter was really friendly and informative ,also came back to check on us alot. Will defiantly be coming back for some more sushi:)
Just go. It's nice and they have really great exhibitions.
Great take out and I finally went to the restaurant to pick up my order and the place is really nice.  We'll have to try dining in some time too
Never had a bad experience. The guacamole is so good and a little different of the typical boring guacamole sold in the many Mexican restaurant in town. My favorite is the Naco torta. I usually go there for lunch and the service is pretty fast. Definitely a must!
Got me in the same day and turned it around very quick!  Lifetime warranty, was very happy with the service and speed.
Fausto's is good and cheap. It's home of the \"Super Duper Snacktastic Nacho's\". (Name should be on the Menu some day)
Great good great service. We took are 3 young children there tonight. The customer service was top notch.Waitress help led my children there steak while by wife was busy with our 1 old. Manager came over a few times to entertain them. It just made eating out with the kids more enjoyable
Kids eat FREE everyday!!! Food and Service is ok.  It is just way too salty.  But it is a nice change from the other chains in the area.
A new favorite, without a doubt. Great beer specials and the burrito was amazing -- fresh, full of huge chunks of moist chicken breast and topped with fresh goat cheese. Big fan
Went here for lunch the other day since it is close to work. I ordered a grilled chicken ranch wrap. Got a fried chicken wrap with honey mustard. Chicken was fatty and gross but I should have expected that I guess. Not trying that again
I left after waiting 15 minutes and being the only person in the mobile phone department. Not one employee approached me, several walked by but one never helped me. I stood in the department and wrote this review while waiting in the mobile phone area.
Stay elsewhere.  This place is old.  Everything is worn out.  \nNot worth the money.  Pay more at a different hotel or stay at the motel.
Like other reviews mentioned, selection is not amazing.  For example, I glanced at the jelly bellies and thought they were about $6.50 a pound, so I got a bag.  Turns out that was for a half pound-won't be back to make that mistake again!  Honestly just go to Woodmans.
This place has everything! Portions are large. Don't order pho soup or Vietnam food . Everything else is good. Great Chinese food. Open late. Good service. Chinese lady explained some meals.
greasy greasy greasy greasy greasy but good!\nFor vegas this is great because you srsly cannot get a slice in this city.
We used Sin City Smokers for our company bar b que picnic.  It was delicious.  They brought so much food  we got to eat sumptously twice.   Highly recommended.
The mint oreo concrete is a dream in a cup!  Every flavor that we have tried is delicious and creamy!  Best spot for a cool, sweet treat:)
Love the friendly faces at Frys..  I visit them nearly every day!!!
Just YUMMY!  Our favorites are the mint chocolate and red velvet. Easy location.  Good hours.
Absolutely the worst service. All chicken appetizers tastes identical. \nThey tried to claim they no longer accept the Yelp 10% off.
In love with the French atmosphere, disappointed with the food. Many dishes too salty and overrated by the staff. Hard to eat healthy here. The menu is all over the place.
Great steak breakfast special; good cut of beef and prepared well.  Great service.  A bit of a wait for a table but this gave us an opportunity to experience an off strip casino.  \nNo frills, good quality and quantity at an affordable price.
Love the stackable 7-layered chocolate cake
The people are nice, the pizza is only OK from the previous visits, but the place is just too loud.  The host tried to seat myself and my family members and I could not hear what the heck he was saying and he was within 3 feet.  We just left.
Good drinks. The perch sandwich was bizarre. The bread slices were bigger than my bedroom pillows, and sadly the perch was very under sized. The fish looked like 4 goldfish fillets. Inexcusable plating Mr. Chef!
Dope shop! Clean. Friendly staff. Good prices. Walked in & out in less than 15mins and left a happy camper. Highly recommended this shop for all of your vape needs. Throw out them ciggs! Vapology is the way!
We had the breakfast buffet. There were plenty of choices including an omelet station. Things were fine except Jose did not bring us our drinks. I had to flag someone else down to get our drinks toward the end of the meal. Food is good. Service not as good.
Love this place. It's one of the best fast food places around. It is a little pricey but the food is good, especially the coconut shrimp tacos. The chips and queso are addictive. All the portions are big. This place beats Chipotle hands down.
Bring your own wine! SAQ right across the road. Very, very friendly service.
It's like a real life Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory. It's sweets on top of sweets covered in rich chocolate sauce. A definite stop for sweet tooth fanatics.
Really good food, service is amazing, if you have an issue, just ask your server and they will fix the issue.
Service was pretty slow waited 20 min for drinks. Server seemed sick and out of it. Food was great
My friend turned me on to this place and it has since become my favorite! Apple #1 roll and Candy Cane roll my favs! Beto the sushi chef is awesome....only go when he is there which is pretty much every day!  He Rocks!
I'm sure my kind of experience wasn't rare and most definitely contributed to the very sudden closing of Toby Keith's!  What a shame too, they had the best fried okra and chicken fried chicken around!!
Breakfast was good. Staff was great. Wait was long, if your really hungry bring a snack.. we ran errands while waiting. I would go again with people who haven't been, but mostly for the novelty of experiencing breakfast that you have to wait an hour for..
Amazing staff! Great food. Usually go to the location in Las Vegas but this place is just as great.
This place is terrible.  I hope it closes and a good bar/restaurant goes in.  Please stop eating/drinking at this establishment.
I had a quick lunch here before some friends were leaving vegas. The food I thought was mediocre. Maybe I had expected more from the name. The chicken salad was ok. I think the best thing was the drinks in which the waiter suggested a lychee martini. Service was good and decor was nice.
I started off with the the country fried steak but it was cold, however I replaced that dish with some good ol' french toast! The service was mediocre due to the extremely long wait. I would not recommend this place but if you love french toast then give this place a try!
Their website says they had to close their doors. I hate to see local businesses fail.
I had an okay Cobb salad for lunch today, along with a glass of wine. I'm not a big fan of laminated menus, but they did have a decent selection of dishes. It has a TGI Friday's kind of vibe. Not haute cuisine, but it's keeping it real. The service was very good.
Best chicken vegetable bowl of all the places I've tried also great friendly service.
I contemplated between steak street tacos and a steak burrito. The street tacos were fresh and delicious. The chips were fresh and light. It came with a side of refried beans covered in cheese. They were yummly. But if your hungry go with the burrito. Lots of fresh menu options and I will be back.
Was leery of coming in as the name does not give warm fuzzies, but was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness, service, and freshness of their food. One of the best Phad Thai I have found in the Phoenix metro area! Nice prices and nice portions make this a must try place to eat!
authentic south indian restaurant.
First time I ate here, there was a hair tangled in my ginger. Months later, I found out their second location was closed down by the health dept. Shocker!
just OK
Cheap but not great food. I like the all you can drink beer though. The waitress was a weirdo.
I had come here once before when they first opened and they were absolutely delicious!\nI was in the area and had some extra time today and they no longer exist. :-(
Great food, too many \"hipsters\" and service is slow
Beer lines take forever. Staff doesn't care either. Stay away on a Thursday or holiday!
Best Lechon belly de Cebu I have ever tasted. Very tender, juicy and the skin is crispy. Excellent service and Michael is very helpful and friendly.
Thanks for the reply. I went back today prepared to cancel my membership, but the same girl was much better! She was helping someone, greeted me and quickly checked me in with no hassle! She saved a client today!
Had a great experience here! Not really a fan of Indian food but this place changed my mind. Loved the recommended chicken tiki marsala and korma. Also their rice pudding was fantastic. In addition the staff is very welcoming and helpful. Overall 5 stars! I will definitely come back again!
Decided to give this place a 2nd try. Juice sucked as much as the first. Definitely not going back.
Wow. What an amazing collection of cacti! This definitely beats out the impressive, but incomparable collection at The Huntington Gardens in LA! Expensive admission, but well worth every penny.
Very good food. Casual place to go and great prices for what u get. Beer had a bad meal and I am a regular. I recommend  it
Loved it,small intimate, food very good, desert nummy!
Are you kidding me? Couldn't believe that I was excited about this place. I guess there is something for everyone, but this was not for me! No stars really.
Changed owner, warning:: it is not the same: they've invested some money and re modeled, they also added free wifi, but the seats are taped up? Hmmm...
This hotel was very nice and clean. It was the first hotel I had ever stayed in in Las Vegas. It was at this hotel that I discovered my love for coffee. I too disagree with the nasty reviews; my experience was great.
Ambiance is great. Service needs a bit of help.  I normally like to drink and eat on my time table and not that of the server.  They don't seem to like it if you don't order fast enough for them.  The tacos are pretty good.  The place is OK, I won't rave about it.
Don't let them fool you. Not a true MI bar. I mean, if you get crazy looks because you yell \"born and raised in south Detroit\" when some Journey comes on there is something wrong.
Awesome food!!!  Try the Pork Tenderloin!!!
Went for buffet lunch. The food is ok and reasonable. The variety is good (maybe a dish or two more for the vegetarians needed). Decor is ok. Adult price is 11.95 and Kids is 8.95. Great for out-of-towners who crave Indian food.
Came here tonight for the first time. I probably won't be coming back. Service was slow-a total of an hour for food to come out. It was understaffed. Don't waste your time.
Fantastic bread, delicious sandwiches, and decent baked goods (my bran muffin was a bit dry, but cookies and scones are great).  The chicken and tuna salad sandwiches are awesome, especially the chicken.  It tastes fresh with big chunks of juicy chicken and a nice, creamy texture.
I enjoy gardening and doing little projects around my house so I frequently come to Home Depot to pick up supplies. The staff is always helpful, even when I have no idea what something is called or how it works, they always can help me find what I'm looking for and give me a run down on how to use it.
Seriously some of the worst bartenders in the burgh. Do you not want my money, instead just bs and stand around in groups and talk.
I LOVE Indian food and am quite picky about it. There are very few tremendous Indian restaurants in Madison. This is the top! The spice and flavor was delicious and the gulab jamun was so phenom so make sure you save room!
Really good soups.\nGreat place to get caught up on work and grab a bit e at the same time
This location is great.  We have been here a couple times, both with big and small parties and each time we were waited on quickly and our food was great.
small space, good service, ok sandwich..turkey was a little dry for my taste and no dijon mustard ...I prefer Togos.
This is such a great downtown business!  The owners make you feel welcome and remember your name and your preferences.  They even get peanut butter yogurt samples ready when they see our dog walking up - now that is great service!
great service polite and just a nice place to be with that special someone 97 choices on the menu sure to please everyone ..
Not quite Chipotle.  However delicious
Nice park.  My only problem is that the dogs are separated by size - small and large.  There is no medium.  Dogs up to 35 lbs are considered small.  I beg to differ.  I was afraid to let my small dog run around because there were fairly large dogs there.
First time here...and ordered the Fat Frank burger...its awesome!! One of the best burger ive tasted. The onion rings taste great too. The restaurant is also next to the pool. Fun place to eat!!
In for lunch with my Father in law.  He had a burger I had the Mac and cheese. Mine was cold he asked for no lettuce and of course got some anyway. We had a beer each, $50.   Two stars because they have Leffe on tap, nothing else particularly redeeming.
This is the closest thing to Chicago pizza in AZ. Our only issue has been some delivery drivers who take too long but the food is amaze balls and it is our go to spot for pizza in Phoenix. Their wings are soooo good too! Italian beefs are ok but can be great if they were using the correct bread.
Gyro is HORRIBLE! All lettuce no meat! If I wanted a salad that is what I would have ordered! Never again!
Really good tacos but overpriced for what it is.
I liked the old location yrs. ago. But I've grown accustomed to this one and I like the couches upstairs. When I am visiting I always try and make a stop @ Genna's.
Food is excellent, great service, highly recommend the California club breakfast sandwich.
You need more new games, and some of the game cost alot of credit for 1 play......
Pretty good South Indian food although just a bit overpriced when compared to other similar restaurants.  The Malai Kofta is so delicious!
Two stars. It's great to have tons of TVs BUT the TVs have to be in front of you to watch them! Expect to break a neck trying to watch a game here or grab binoculars so you can see TVs on the opposite side of the room .....
An ok haircut for an ok price.  You get what you pay for at this place.  Defiantly hit or miss as far as haircut quality.\n\nStaff was not very pleasant.
I was just here there is a virus goggle it they won't tell anyone any they are acting like it is not true we just saw. It on cnn an bolted !!! They are not admitting it and they actually took 16 by ambulance with over 100 sick !! Stay away
Great food, great atmosphere. We had steak of course and it was fantastic. The Service was excellent and the decor is a modern take on the good old days, i would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.
The food was dry , I ordered 5 mini tacos and it was just carne Asada on tortillas .no pico de gallo or cilantro just meat . Ill never go there again
This place has great food and friendly service. Their $5.50 lunch special is awesome. My coworkers and I usually order yellow curry and we love that they will deliver.
I always will give a business a second chance. My second visit was worst than my first. I have had both a manicure and pedicure given to me by two of the rudest people. Save your time and money and go elsewhere to enjoy your spa experience because you probably won't enjoy it here.
I got take out from here and did one of the make-your-own-pizza options. I got the new spicy thai red curry sauce with vegetables. Overall, the pizza was quite good. My main complaint is that I find that the cost for each pizza is very high considering the food that we received.
Maybe it is me, and the fact that I am not a gambler, but I was not impressed with the casino they had.
What can I say? They were either out of yogurt or the flavors they were featuring was TRULY FUNKY. Not a place I would ever bring my kids again to. Sigh. I've had better. Sigh.
The drive thru was around the parking lot. So I went inside with my kids. Surprisingly the line inside was long but went fast. Food was made quickly and was great!! My picky kids loved the burgers as much as I did!! Tasty burgers with good straw fries...coming back.
I am from CA and went here with my cousins. I thought the deep dish pizza was great. We had the bacon pizza. I also had a medditeranian salad which was great. I will definitely go back next time I am in town.
This may be the most over rated place ever!  OMG the stuff is so absolutely average at best. The staff when you walk in remixed me of an episode of restaurant stakeout. I tried it but I won't be back.
Food and service great!  Price was a hidden charge, but at least they tell you when you pay before you sit down to eat.  It's a $5.99 all you can eat breakfast, but if you don't have their \"player's card\" program, they add $3/person.
I've been here a couple of times. Vast menu, with various specials on the walls. It's in your best interest to walk around to each wall to see all the available things because they are not all on the menu. Everything we ordered was delicious. The service was friendly and prompt. We will be back!
Average salsa and all around dirty.  I cannot give a good rating when the menus, restaurant and restrooms are repulsive.  Sorry!\n\nStaff was very nice, but owners should think of replacing carpet, paint and pressure steaming the bathrooms!
So I'm here now & I got a steak that came with rice , beans , cheese enchilada & guacamole . It's amazing def will come back service is great as well :)
Love this place, there salad dressing alone is worth the trip. Original crust Hawaiian is my favorite but everything is good.
Best queso fondito with chorizo i have had in Las Vegas. Good mojito's and margaritas. Friendly staff. Good atmosphere. Pretty good al pastor but not the best. Would come to this restaurant again.
Would be 4 stars if they didn't allow smoking. My clothes still smell bad.
Entrees are too salty. Lobster bisque soup was a failure but Crab cake is one of those Must-Try.
Ordered a new refrigerator. Had to wait 5 days to get it delivered to our house from the warehouse. It was delivered promptly and when we expected it. The two delivery specialists were incredible skilled. They hooked us up and hauled off the old fridge with out even touching a molding anywhere on the house. Very professional. Thanks a lot Home Depot!
probably the worst service and food i've ever had in charlotte. im normally not a complainer, but this was beyond terrible. the service was rude and slow, and after waiting over an hour for food mine came out with a chunk of hair in my burger. ill never ever go back.
Enjoyed Singaporean noodles and Dragon roll. The mint leaf chicken lettuce wrap was meh... Service was ok, nice dark atmosphere, teppanyaki tables on the side.
Here almost every monday , $5 dollar buffet is really nice and the food is decent for the price .
Alot of it has to do with the location, it gets very bust at night and given the customer base- that causes it to be very disheveled and crowded.
A great variety of food in a chill atmosphere. The service was cool and attentive. Underneath the place now is a hipster art gallery/bar that I wish I had spent more time in. I will go again.
We will definitely keep Lawson Family Plumbing for any future plumbing needs. They came and installed a toilet for us and did some other repairs. Reasonable prices. Friendly staff. Great work!
wonderful food, great place and staff, and great brunch, enjoy.
I have been here for several meetings with no issues until last week.  As a result I will not be eating here again.  Despite the fact my group has the meeting.
One of the best yogurt places I ve been to in a long time.
The best water ever!!!!!!!!! Plus when you go in there you are  like family . Denise is wonderful you get to see the dog and you just feel warm and loved .
Fantastic food a little more authentic than a lot of places around here. Their enchilada sauce is amazing. The employees are very friendly. They could maybe use a little more filling in the enchiladas, for the price.
The burrito is full of chicken but that is where it ends. there is minimal flavor and the food is overpriced, what do you expect in an airport. On a positive note the service was decent.
Excellent sushi and teppanyaki in a cool nightlife atmosphere.
The coffee is great and I prefer over Starbucks but the last few visits the service has been terrible.   It is now 11 minutes since my order  and my drink is just being made.  There are also 6 people in line and there behind me waiting for a drink.  Unfortunately when I am in a hurry to get to work I have to skip coming here
I was the first customer to use the  rest room since I went there at 11 am and it was already dirty. So gross. There are so many workers there not doing anything. Never coming back again.
Best ribs ever. Love the atmosphere, love the food. Every time I go there I have to have their ribs. So tender they fall off the bone.
One of the better sandwiches and a nice tossed chef salad make for a great lunch. Fresh ingredients, seems very clean so not sure why some complained. \n\nMy daughters mixed green salad was a bit over dressed however the greens were very good (crisp and flavorful) not like the ones at most markets that are dull and lifeless.
first and foremost...i love this place! great for hang over since they serve a great amount of food for a good price. i come here every time i'm in the area.
This restaurant is by the same people that did China Grill but it lacks the same flair. I like the sandwiches at the cafe section.. I have to admit... but everything else seems a little weird..
Not bad...no complaints...good place along a busy stretch.  Don't specialize in anything really.  Had some veal and LOTS of drinks.  Nice little patio, and good selections of everything.  Again, these type of places are a dime a dozen on Crescent St.
attended for the special nuit blanche 2012 menu. the food was good. nothing too memorable and no real stand outs. service was good enough.\n\nyou won't go wrong here. be prepared to pay a price though, the decor comes at a cost.
Great training!  Mark and Lynn really push you to be your best.  The personalized fitness programs are way better than any chain gym.  And they offer kettlebell training, which is hard to find in the valley!
Is there anywhere else in the Valley that does bruschetta this yummy? I think not! Love their catering too!
Just discovered this bakery and only tried one macaron.  It was good! I'll be back to try more!
Brendan G. was extraordinarily courteous, helpful and knowledgable. He addressed my issue in minutes and I simply can't recommend them enough. Not to mention they have the TMNT coin-op AND Street Fighter II in the lobby, just begging to be played.
For the price of this place I found it to be just OK. Heirloom tomato salad was good but not great. Duck ravioli was a bit disappointing. The menu does offer many creative dishes and things you wouldn't find at your typical Italian place.
The service and friendliness levels were exceptional on this specific visit. The speed of food preparation was extraordinarily slow. The food was average, and priced high at this hotel location. The brownie sundae was extremely horrible tasting like plastic boxed brownies.
Just signed back up after a year off, I have missed the jumbo pack of TP.
I'm not a fan of this place. The food wasn't very good and it was overpriced compared to other sub places. The service however was very friendly and the store was nice and clean.
all HYPE\nBUT the pizza at 2am is amazing tho LOL\n\nsecret tip. call ahead if your ordering a pie. it takes 20 mins if you wait
First time at Super Pizza.  Was very impressed with the service and the pizza was great!  They gave us free garlic bites (which were very good) and a dessert. It's a keeper!
So, I decided to try the Flatizza, BIG MISTAKE. Had enough pizza sauce on it to make a large real pizza. The flatbread was so hard I couldn't eat it and the cheese was cheddar not mozzarella.
A small pho here is just like a large compare to the other pho restaurants. just avoid the lady who works there. you will know what i mean..lol
If your looking for stupid good pizza, pasta, & drinks--go 2 the Parlor!! Watch out though, the waiters are good @ up-selling menu items during happy hour!
OMG! The yellow chicken curry is fantastic. I moved here from Los Angeles in February and have searched around for the right place to buy awesome Thai food and I am so glad I found it on the first shot. The food here reminds me of the great tastes you can find in California.
Lots of desserts and ice creams to choose from. The service was excellent and quick. The crepes and fresh berries were amazing!  The only disappoint was the soft served ice cream served with our crepes. Considering they serve real ice cream it wouldve been a better choice to go with.
Slow and so-so
One of my fave clubs in Vegas.  They always have great DJs performing.  Gets mega crowded but you can always hang around the pool area if you want more room and a place to breathe.
seen this show 3 times and still love every minute of it , if you want a show with fantastic acrobatics , martial arts and a stage that turns up side down  that  have \"snow ,sand and  amazing effects this show is for you .\na spectacular show worth every penny .
I saw the reviews and came to this place Idk If these people ever ate good Thai food but this was the worst Thai food we ever had..the meat and veggies were stale no wonder they were so quick..
Great location and nice staff. Regular food is pretty good, but their brunch is awesome!! Make sure to save room for the cookie dough!!
A favorite place for more than a decade. Very consistent and an attentive staff that has been there for years and years.
Good but not great Ramen. Very good service.
For a place to have good drinks, play pool, and chill this is the place to go, never really super busy so service is always pretty good. Bluemoon always cold and fresh.
Super authentic Greek good.. Inside the restaurant is actually small and holds about 20 tables.. They're always busy, so if your going here try to get there before lunch hours or after.. I had the gyro picado salad and it was very good.
Very good. I had the se\u00f1orita tostada off the lunch menu. I expected a tostada shell not a taco salad shell. It was still tasty and was very inexpensive. Big menu with lots of options.
Good milkshake.. but the worst service ever.
It was a first for me & my husband- It was exactly what we needed! Quiet, peaceful & amazing foot treatment. This will be a regular stop for us now.
We received a flyer in the mail for a free 16 ounce uswirl, for being new residents to the area.  We called and confirmed before coming down.  When we arrived we were treated so badly that we left the creams vowing never to return.
I love Burger King but I would drive five extra miles to avoid this location. I think the government owns this location because they work at DMV speed not In-n-out speed. One double cheese burger with no modifications took 10 minutes.
Great food, great atmosphere, awesome drinks... a nice place for a trendy brunch with a nice mix of cool people.
The fountains during Chirstmas time at night is the best!! Hands down!
The breakfast is the best! We are always amazed how fast our order arrives, the kitchen is super fast. From pancakes to the breakfast sandwich it is delicious. Definitely great comfort food, nothing fancy and the prices are very fair.  Downside, no credit cards and no wifi.
Great employees, always nice, always helpful always. Able drop my son off and run errands with no issues. Nice clean well set up facility. They sell cold water Gatorade you can borrow bats helmets. Great place to come practice good value for your money.
If your in the hotel or casino and looking for a decent meal than this will do. Food is okay just typical buffet food at a decent price.
I'll say this is the #1 buffet in Las Vegas at least for now! The food is really tasty and fresh. They have more variety than any other buffet in Las Vegas. The interior design is just stunning! Really love it!!!
Super yummy carnitas, extra friendly, fresh and clean.  I got a deal for 20 bucks of food for 10 on Amazon local.  Glad I did will become a regular spot.
Definitely worth it for happy hour. I believe it's 5-7 pm. Everything is half off!\nI love the decor in here it's pretty nice and I feel like it's hardly ever crowded so there's no problem in having a place to sit.
Horrible service followed very expensive bland food, these guys were once a great place but got a little full of themselves and down hill they go..
The employees must be giving the review on here.
Love Chipotle, but this is by far the slowest one I've ever been to on multiple occasions. Management, get a clue.
Average is generous. I don't think I will be back anytime soon. Many better options for $10-12 lunch
Awesome burgers!!!!!!!!
I've been here twice for brunch and really enjoyed it. The Veggie Island breakfast was delicious, good coffee, and prompt friendly service.
awesome food - the sampling menu has a lot of food and two of us could not finish it! We walked in without a reservation and they still were able to accommodate us.
Hated it.  Expected HUGE wedding superstore with all kinds of decorations instead it's mostly wedding party clothes.  Air conditioning was working very well.  Sales rep wasn't listening to what I said I wanted and brought horrible dresses to me.
Bad, bad, bad... No breadsticks, no silverware, no clean tables. I think this place is gonna be closing it's doors very soon.
Food is good, nice family owned place, and I love that they have a TV!\nThe prices are decent and I like their specials.. Free or included stuff is a plus!
Best steak special in Vegas!!!  I live in the mid-west (KS) and have my share of great steaks.  $100 steak in KC on the Plaza, home raised steak you name.....Ellis Island is good as all of them!
Nice little place girth of the strip. If u go there ask them to deep fry ur order... Wow!
We had a thin crust pepperoni and sausage pizza. If I wanted to get a frozen pizza,i would go to the grocery store. The crust was bland, and soggy with a caned sauce. The sausage was little round discs with no flavor. We give this one star because we have to give it a rating.
Cupcake Wars, Shmupcake Wars...these cupcakes are too huge and all the butter cream tastes like wax.  I was looking for cupcakes for my 40th birthday party and I'm so glad that I tasted before I ordered.
Good, tasty, and authentic. This ain't Robertos or Pepes, we're talking a quality taco for a decent price. My favorite taco spot in Vegas, wish they'd open more. Oh and the green sauce? Pure awesomeness!
i went in to get a new collar and a jolly ball. i kept wandering around trying to find the jollyball but couldn't and  NO ONE would help. so i bought the collar and left. so frustrating. you can't ever get customer service in this store
The beautiful new space is right around the corner and totally lovely! A brand new day for the General and I can't wait to see what happens next!!
Nice place very fresh food \nOssobucco very tasty and tender \nGreat service and good live music\nThanks chef Mimmo
Was here for drinks on a Saturday night.  They had a live band.  OMG, it is was loud and they were so not GOOD.  No wonder why people were sitting outside of the bar in the cold and without bartender service.  After our first and last drinks, we went home.
I love the food and it is usually excellent service. I always visit the downstairs cellar bar. It has a hip rustic feel and pretty good tunes on the ipod. One of my faves
Awesome place. Went for EDC weekend and was near the stage for Fat Boy Slim.\nZero douche, never bumped once and great staff overall. A much better time than Tao Beach or EBC. Fairly even ratios of friendly girls as well.
Hands down, the dirtiest place I have stayed in Vegas. It will now be forever known to me as the Crapicana. Run away!
Worst Mexican food I have had in the USA. Food was half warm and the green Chile pork tasted like left over and out of the can.The waiter is nice though.
tiny little place, lunch took 25 minutes to come out, the rice was yellow, not brown, not fried rice, the chicken was awful, i would say DO NOT go here. We were very unhappy.
Decent food, interesting atmosphere, if your by one stop in but don't go out of your way to seek one out!!!!
Not bad pizza for an airport quick bite. Line was quick. Seating was not plenty, but was able to grab spot right away.
Location and music is good; service isn't, and the waitress was impolite. Wouldn't recommend it.
Maria was VERY rude to us when we walked in. No greeting, nothing. We walked straight to the bar and the bartender is MIA. Being in the restaurant business for 10 years, I'm never coming back. Horrible customer service and 8 felt like I was wasting their time.
Great place....delish food....always fast service!
Nothing was 'wrong' with this place, the atmosphere was ok but I've just had a lot of amazing sushi before & this place didn't do it for me. I had 5 different rolls & really did not like any of them. Everything was very fresh just plain.
Loved it!  Food was fantastic and the restaurant and bar were very comfortable...good balance of trendy and casual.
Great menu choices, delicious food, fun and comfortable atmosphere, and extremely nice employees! I highly recommend eating here. There is also a very nice cat who hangs out outside :)
the food was alright but definitely cost more than it should.  we went for a quick lunch and the service was alright too but the food was not up to par with your typical vegas food.  btw don't get the kim chee, not good.
Come back, Angel Sweet!  Tried the gelato at what is now Gelato Spot.  They managed to kill the AS vibe.  Oh well - there is always Dairy Queen ...
Hot and sour soup was pretty much just broth, hardly any tofu or other ingredients.... Person taking phone order was rude.
The concept and food looks really good....to bad we did not stick around to try it. \n\nThe bar staff unfortunately lacks in service so onto the next stop.
The course is dormant right now due to flooding.  Okay if you like to walk, but don't expect any grass to be growing.  Will probably be a lot better when it gets warmer.  They didn't overseed this year due to flooding.
Art, the store manager, is completely incompetent.  The rest of the staff is pretty much clueless.  They lack a basic understanding of pool chemistry as well as customer service skills.
Totally awesome place to enjoy some unique cocktails and amazing bites! Everything from the won-tacos to the Greek salad is mouthwatering. Service staff is very upbeat and friendly. Great outfits and a super energetic bar staff. A must to visit while in Vegas!!!!!
Super expensive, and the charge me extra because I came in a cab. I'm a local just tring to be safe. I will never go to this place again!
Cutest place we discovered on our last day in Montreal. Brunch line out the door. They also offer pastries to go so got in that line which moved fairly quickly. Chocolate banana brioche bun is all you need to know when going here. Eye opening happiness good. One of the most memorable things I ate on our trip.
First visit on 8-25-11 really good snowcone/shaved ice whatever you wanna call it!!! a bit of a long line but hey it was refreshing!!!! Wanna go back for more!!!
This review is for the car wash. Only negative is how relentless these guys can be with the up sell. Makes for an uncomfortable experience sometimes. Outside of that everyone else is friendly, and my car always comes out looking purty.
The best Portuguese chicken in town, period.\n\nIf you go during the week, try out the chicken sandwich, it's pretty fantastic but not available on the weekend. :(
Mediocre pork chops and food in general, but what it lacks in the culinary department it makes up for with FUN! You are guaranteed to a \"dancing -on-the-table\" kind of night on the weekends with live music, but my favorite is sitting outside on a rare not-so-humid summer night.
pow ! ! !
Your typical hometown Chinese style buffet.  It came out to be about $15 with tip and tax for lunch.  I've definitely had better tasting Chinese at other establishments.  I would only recommend coming here if you are a local in Las Vegas.  If you are from out of town, then definitely hit up the strip for a much better food experience.
This park is great. It is connected with The Arbors through a trail that is very nice, quiet and very well taken care of. At Tree Top you can have a barbecue or play baseball, walk your dog. Very well lit at night. The City of Las Vegas does look out for us, the residents of those neighborhoods.
Love the staff, the happy hour specials. Who doesn't want free beer thrown upon them???
You'll have a hard time find a better colorist as good as Chadda in this city she's Redken certified and is a wiz with a pair with a pair of shears!
Took my parents here the other night. It was a wonderful experience. We had bruschetta as an appetizer. Also, we had a veggie pizza and for dessert tiramisu. We ordered cappuccinos as well, which were amazing! Great service as well. We will return!
United is always at gate D and furthest away possible from security check.
Better than subway by slicing the meats  though didn't impress me and tasted subway qualitywise.   Not bad, though nothing special. The bread tasted like subway, the meat was very fatty, and they weren't generous with meats.   I got a ham and swiss, and the cheese had no taste.
Steve did a great job cleaning my sectional couch in my condo! He offers affordable high quality work, while being very knowledgable. Very happy with Carpet Star Az and I would recommend Steve's work to anyone looking for their carpet or couches to be cleaned!
Not sure what the fuss is about...this place was good, they had basics and some jazzy things and shakes were good as well.
Overall an ok place with the location being better than the food. The prices are way too high to justify the food which tells me this is a tourist trap. I would recommend Meat and potatoes just down the street before sitting down for dinner here.
This is, by way far, the best breakfast burrito I've eaten. Not at all greasy. Fluffy, crepe like tortilla. Friendly staff. Accommodated my dietary restrictions. Will return again and again!!
Overpriced. I spend almost $20 for two regular burritos and two drinks. The burrito was dry, cold,  and the tortilla was hard and flavorless. Trash cans full of trash made it impossible to use. I would never go again.
Best pizza in town. The new location is fabulous !
Check out the 50 cent beer happy hour, poorly advertised, but great value! The pizzas are great, only downside was the dessert menu, overpriced and small portions. If the restaurant could work on making sure their customers can end their meal on a sweet (fairly priced) note, this place would get more stars!
\"FYI, when you cut a 'TO-GO' wrap in half that has any kind of sauce, guess what happens, yeah the sauce leaks out all over and the tortilla and it falls apart!\"
Amazing experience and food!  Service was so fast we were barely done with apps when food came.  Server was on top of everything. Great food. Great atmosphere
love, love, love this place. I crave their food! I've a vegetarian and love the fact that I can get wholesome food made to order. And I love the fact that they serve \"thoughtful\" food.
Seriously slow tall old man doesn't know how to make drinks.
I live here once a week! Red velvet with fruity pebbles is awesome!!  Great place to relax and have desert After dinner!
For the epic win. Great food. Chill server. Awesome music and $3 car bombs! Can't beat it!
The staff ruins the experience of finding awesome deals. The jeans were not put in the right size category. I genuinely like thrift shopping but I now know not to expect any form of customer service here. \n\n\nPlease hire better staff!! It can't be that hard.
Was great the first time I went, but this last time was not ass good.  The tonkotsu ramen broth was so thick that it felt like I was eating a bowl of ramen with gravy...
I like the exhibition. All the artifacts were cool especially after hearing explanation of everything thanks to the audio tours. I gave 4 put of 5 stars just because i felt it was alittle over priced. $32 per adult.
Amazing bloody marys and sashimi. I order there combo sashimi and then some rolls thinking they would be small and simple. Nope :) the sashimi had huge chungs of fresh fish ready for me to attack. Great service and awesome food. 5/5.
Can't really comment too much on the pizza, as they don't have gluten-free, but my kids seem to love it.  The wings on the other hand, I've eaten plenty of.  The spicy BBQ are some of the best wings I've ever eaten.  Good sized and incredible flavor..
There is always an hour + wait but its delicious. Don't order the tuna taco unless you're a big fan of wasabi (cream sauce served over top). I recommend putting your name on the list and going across the street for a beer at Growlers.
The food is great, the chef is great, the environment is great, the waiter is great, the location is great but not the price. I will give it a 5 stars if their price can be more competitive. Worth to try during their happy hour though.
Great old school diner with some tasty comfort food.
Decent sushi, they are open until ten so thats a plus for me.  They have many different options for you to try, or you can simply just make your own.  Miso is also not too bad.
Good & decent lunch specials! However, I had to knock a couple stars because waitress came to our table at least 3 times & did not bother to fill water glasses. And we had to remind her for our roll that comes with lunch entre\u00e8! Fish was ok, not that fresh!
always a good breakfast place and good service. always with a smile from the hostesses to the server. \n\nI recommend this to all locals and tourist.
I think I had the Beach Salad with chicken pre-flight. It was actually pretty good, as the waitress recommended.
Very good looking crowd and very nice modern and hip club in the Cosmopolitan hotel.  I liked the vibe and the music but a bit young for me.  The crowd seemed to be predominantly in the early to mid 20's and I am more comfortable with a crowd in the mid 30's,
Good but if you're a New Yorker you know there's better, but for Vegas yeah it's good!
We were excited to dine at the buffet at Aria thinking it woulod be on par with the Mirage and Bellagio...The only on  par was the price as the selection was not so good....the food was not so good....Looks life half the section at the same price.
Nothing is really special about this club. The vibe was not high energy like other clubs in Vegas. It is a waste to come here because Vegas can offer a lot better. The music was pretty ghetto.
Meh.  The menu and pricing mislead you into thinking the food is high quality but it came out in big, sloppy chain restaurant style portions.  The outdoor seating area is beautiful and the waitstaff is extremely kind.  Not worth the money in my opinion.
They offer fresh seafood and all kinds of Filipino/Asian items n ingredients. even seasonal fruits from the Philippines like lansones, rambutan n many more. 4 stars coz it's somewhat pricey. \n\n\nTheir is definitely something for everybody.
The service was absolutely fantastic and each dish was very unique although we didn't enjoy our drinks very much.  Very intimate atmosphere.  Great place for a date.
Pulled pork and Mac and cheese just didn't do it for me here. Like others say its not really a bbq joint as much as a Mexican restaurant. So I suppose had I gotten something other than bbq I would have enjoyed it much more.
This place is great. The papusas are fantastic and so are the banana leaf tamales. We had the sampler platter once to try some different things and everything was great. Service can be a tad slow so don't be in a hurry and your patience will be rewarded. Different flavors from Central America. Yay!
holy cow...\n\nchipotle bowl was hot! I got the large and man was there plenty of meat and rice. \n\nI did need a sweet donut after eating the hotness of the rice bowl.
I love the company, but the food is overrated, and this restaurant isn't really clean.
Stupendously unexciting Tex-Mex fare. The Yinzerita's are awesome.
Nice selection of decent Chinese food in a pleasant setting.  Tasty noodle dishes.  Portions are adequate ( not huge) and the service was fine.  Location in the middle of the South Side can't be beat for wi dow shopping.
i went here this past fathers day with my wife's pops. this place smelled like rotten eggs, ( like a gas leak) the floor had trash and old food on it. sushi was a bit warm when it should be cool or cooler, raw fish shouldnt be outside vegas temp. im happy that i didnt get sick.
The smoked meat at Smoke's Poutinerie that topped the poutine was much better. This place was good but not as exceptional as the 400+ reviews say it is.
Wow this place has changed. Tonopah Rob might want to take a bite of some humble pie and worry about what his own farm is doing. I am done with the smugness that has over taken this place.
This is the best Thai place in Vegas.  Period.  End of sentence.  I've been all over country, from Udorn to Hatyai, and this place is just good old fashioned Thai home cooking and Bangkok street food.  I don't know where Food Network get off on Lotus of Siam (worst in town).
As always, the peril cornbread appetizer is a delicious meal.  Unless you  have a big appetite..you will be pleasantly full from this one dish.  The chile rellenos is awesomely different.  \n Located in downtown Phoenix, it is fun to sit outside and peoplewatch.
great place near town, good restaurant, great views, friendly people.
Very expensive for a bowl of soup just over $7.00. Also the very small potato chips for the Kettle bag is $1.99. Really!!! That is way to high for 4oz of chips and mostly air.
The selection of tequilas is great, and the tacos are light, refreshing, and great tasting.
Amazing amazing staff. Enjoy every one that works there. My go to shop for over a year! Thanks and congrats!  Your #1 Customer!
the best of in,  out  and gas!!!!
Darrell and his staff helped me make the most beautiful custom necklace for my wife  commemorating the birth of our first son.
A cool little place with freaking spectacular food.\n\nThe tom ka is excellent.  And ask for the avocado yellow curry (it might not be on the menu).  You will be delighted!
One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte!  Fantastic food - favorite is the mussels.  Great wine menu!  Love the atmosphere - cozy and always crowded but not too loud.  LOVE this place!!!
Completely competent gluten free dining.  Much appreciated!
There isn't a coffee shop at the address given in yelp. I called the number but couldn't reach them.
I understand that they have a new manager.  Seems like an energetic individual.  The food was very good and was served quickly. I would give it a try.
And not to mention I waited downstairs 30 mins waiting for them and they never showed up !!!
great place had the lox cream cheese capers onion tomato open face bagel,polite service, nice setting
Free tours, prob every 10 to 15 mins. We were so glad we went. Friendly staff, they called a cab for us only took a few mins to get there.
Very nice and helpful staff.
Absolutely the worst pizza ever.  Have not been to Pizza Hut for years.  I know it had to have been better.  Sauce was bad, crust was bad, very little pepperoni and cheese.  YUCK !
Great wings here. Finally a place that can make a spicy buffalo wings. Our waitress Brittany was amazing and very attentive, happy and friendly.
Couldn't be happier! Great washers and dryers & such, but even better looking men (; Plus the boss has such nice skin, I wonder where he gets his facials?
This is not a full blown soul food restaurant because the \"soul food\" selections are very limited.  In addition to a small collection of southern cooking you can choose from an assortment of po-boys and breakfast items.  This place is small and the service is nothing special.
You have to sit at the bar and hang out with premiere sushi chef Jason Lam to have a good time. Let him pick out your poison and have a great night. He knows the best and freshest items daily so trust the chef. Sashimi is a must if you go to this Sushi restaurant  so I can't complain one bit.
All I can say is okay food and TERRIBLE customer service at EVERY location. I think it's in their handbook that they have to be slow and mess up your order cuz even getting a glass of water takes about 10-15 minutes!!!!
This place really isn't that great.   The merchandise seems really dated for the most part, and the prices aren't especially low considering most of the merchandise is either damaged or filthy.   You also get hounded by sales people around every corner, so definitely not a place to just window shop.
One and done....BTW I bought a Groupon for this and still kinda felt ripped off.
What a relaxation my facial was. As being in the beauty business myself this impressive. She was very knowledgeable down to knowing what bad stuff was in my makeup causing blemishes. Loved it!
Private room, party of 10- service was terrible.  Food yummy.  If you are ok with having to find your server more than twice... This is for you.
Good Prime Rib and Champagne, okay food for the price I guess.  The wait staff is very nice!
Sure it's touristy but the maple brown sugar gelato was a great treat after walking thru too many kitschy souvenir shops.  Add a shot of maple syrup on top of your gelato for only a quarter.  Skip the museum in the basement and the expensive \"fancy syrup\".  Just go for the gelato.
Thank goodness there is finally a Moes here!! Maybe wait a few weeks until they get their system together. The wait was substantial for only a few people.  I hope it gets faster because I do like this place!
While its crowded I think that is due to the fact the the Bell Road location is under construction. I transitioned over to LA Fitness when they bought out Pure Fitness and shut down the location I was using. I like the LA Fitness culture better.
As always this place rocks, the new Thai beef salad is so good and spicy but the big huge surprise was the big island meatloaf.  If you like pig and beef mixed together with a crispy crust then get this piece of heaven.
Great on all counts except the decor could really use updating.  Tradition or not, I know people who refuse to go based on the decor.  The food is awesome though.
Coffee, scones, atmosphere and service are all top notch. Multiple visits and never less than a great experience.
Best dumplings in the plateau, and I like how chef Henry never ignores the vital element of sauces. From fish sticks to dumplings, Henry's Kitchen has the edge on late-night snack food fusion. Keep it coming!
Sunsational is one of my hide outs when I need to get away from the house. The food is tasty and the coffee is excellent. I have often used the drive thru and the few times I have come by with my dog they have a biscuit for my little guy.
Apparently they have a genius that is managing this place because they took away the best thing about it; all the craft beer. That was the thing that made this place stand out knowing you can grab beers you couldn't get from home. Now it's just the same as every other casino bar. Stay away.
Had a great pastrami sandwich with sidewinder fries for lunch, washed down with two pretty good ales. Good, attentive waitress made things even better. I'd definitely go again, and recommend it to anyone looking for a casual lunch with good beer.
Just like Chicken Bonz, but with a few new things on the menu. The chicken wings/fingers are fresh & above average, but definitely not worth the price. It shouldn't cost 2 people $29 to have chicken fingers, sodas & onion rings. Boo!
I know everyone loves DeLuca's, but the food isn't super great, and the wait is always too long. Also, the  time I have been there bathrooms almost never have soap, and if the bathrooms don't have soap, the servers and cooks aren't washing their hands. Just consider that.
Food was blah and not on my must eat here lists.  If you want Mexican food I am sure you can go somewhere else, like del taco to get the same result, taco bell is across the street as well.
Walked in because it smelled amazing..walked out because we received no service after waiting 10 minutes.  Maybe I'll try it again, then again, no.
Orders right every time, fresh and nicely made.  awesome-o
Food was good and their dipping sauce was pretty good too.\nIt freaked me and my wife out when they started yelling in the kitchen but i guess its part of the show.
Burritos are very good and enchilada style is included, but the line is often slow and long and the prices are a bit high.  Works as an occasional break from Chipotle, but runs about $4 more for a family of 4.
Tasty food, juicy dumplings. Service is less than average. \n\nTake out frozen dumplings also cook well. (just don't thaw before cooking.)
Cashier is always friendly and helpful. I have found the restaurant to always be clean and the food is excellent! I love the new COKE vending machines. Great variety of sodas and fun. Great food, great toppings and super clean restaurant.
I love this joint but my 3 visits a week are packing on the pounds. They usually have a groupon now deal that saves you $3 on two crepes
This is a very cute restaurant, and has very authentic decor and food. The service is very friendly, and the portions are huge. It's small, yet very lively. Often times they have an accordion player come in. One of my favorite dishes to buy here is the wei\u00dfewurst.
Horseshoes too! Every Monday night at 7pm for action in the pits.
Mediocre quality food. Tasted fine, but was lukewarm. The fries were cold and I recieved half a cup of fries. Not a good experience at all for over $20. Will not eat here again.
This place was great. 5 of us went here for a nice dinner out during my friend's bachelor party weekend. Everyone ordered different things and everyone was extremely happy with their meals and the service was top notch.
I sent my father a flower arrangement for his 91st birthday and it was quite disappointing, small and insignificant for the price.  So sad that the florist couldn't put an appropriate arrangement together and after being reassured it would be \"very nice\".
I have been taking my husband's shirts to be laundered here for several months.  Over the course of those months, three times the shirts were not ready on the agreed upon date and the excuse was always the machine broke.  I finally had enough and told them they had lost my business.  They did not try and save it.
Pretty good, not amazing but it was a clean friendly place to hang out. Presentation are super cool even in a to go cup. Will probably come back here again.
Great location but watch out for rooms facing the clubs. Unless you are going to be in the bar all night long, you will hate the rooms facing them. Imagine being in bed (alone) in your room and the bed is rocking from full effects of the bass.
amazing food, good drinks, great service, beautiful setting
The bedding was AMazing!!! Tv is too slow as in every Sheraton. Too much chlorine in the pool......the service and rooms make up for it. Try staying on a private floor....the club lounge has complimentary breakfast and happy hour snacks! Worth the extra
The food was yum, and our server was cheerful and helpful, the food took longer normal and getting seated and paying took a long time as well :( over all it was an ok experience but nothing too great
They Recently Built a booth for us for trade-shows and events.. They did a really nice job getting it ready with graphics, functionality and portability... Thanks Eric for your attention to detail based on a concept in my mind !!!
Such a great park! Great price and lots of fun!
This place shouldn't be in business. Terrible in every way!  Mexico has a better sanitation and labeling system.  Absolutely no privacy!  Front desk lady is so loud, rude, and discusses your health in front if everybody in this whole in the wall.  I can't believe the state hasn't shut them down!
I guess this a chain...but...I've never heard of it before. Came here on a whim with friends when in town and had a great time. Our server was a lot of fun. Most importantly, they had Glenfiddich 12. Delicious Scotch is a must when road-tripping.
Came here recently and just wanted to update that their beef bowl has gotten a little yucky. Still won't stop me from coming here though!
I ordered Chicago Polish there was a lot of hard grizzle.What you pay for beef you would think you would get more.Tamales were cold inside very disappointed This was our 2nd time there and must say the first was better.
$1.00 Fireballs and free pool for Father's Day! You can't beat that. The bartender is hot and friendly - pretty rare.
Spring training! This is a fun time to take the family on the weekend. It is very nice with ample parking. There are people who drive around and can drop you off. It was a really fun experience and I can't wait for spring training next year.
This place is just okay.  It's quite a bit of money for fairly underwhelming food.\n\nThe staff seem a bit aloof as well.\n\nIf you're looking for authentic Japanese, venture off the strip to Raku (but make reservations though).
Amazing all you can eat Sushi!!!\nMy husband and I go every week as locals. :)
Some of the worse service you could ever imagine. The bartender overcharged us when we asked him to fix it he said I can just give you another drink for free. Food took forever water not filled. Just didn't seem like they really cared
Everyone should experience YELLOW TAIL at least once in their life!!  This is not a joke about \"being\" with an Asian woman.  I'm Asian, so watch it!  Seriously, remember the name AND GO!  I've been 3 times and the next time I go to Vegas I will be there again!
Pharmacy tech was unfriendly and there were no notifications when prescriptions were ready.  I waited in front of the counter and was not told when my prescription was ready.  I had to go up to the counter 3 times in 45 minutes before it was ready.
Still loving Federico's and bringing more friends to share in the great menu!\n\nKeep up the good work and tasty meals!
A great date spot, small to medium sized venue with great downtown view on the balcony. The Loft has the lounge feeling and does great as an afterwork hour party. I will be back. :)
Best jerk chicken in town. A real nice Trini restaurant. I am yet to try other dishes as I always fall for the jerk.
FRENCH DIP is to die for , there was a group of 8 of us and the service was second to none . French dip is outstanding as the beef is well cooked ( not to rare ) & the onion rings OMG.\n\nPortion size is good and price is extremely reasonable
Their new Pizza formula:\n\nPros:\nWell, it was an improvement.\n\nCons:\nSalty crust.\nThe sauce is way too sweet.\nThe box still might have tasted better.\n\nWell, it was worth a try.
After a couple hours of browsing and a coffee, a visit to the restroom was necessary.\n\nI've been to cleaner restrooms at truck stops!  This place was disgusting!  Not sure what the management thinks about a cleaning schedule, but it clearly wasn't a priority.
The shawarma is probably the best in town.\nlost one star for being ridiculously expensive! ($14 for shawarma sandwich).\nand the other star was lost for shitty service and cleanliness (or lack of it).
I got dragged kicked out by the security guards and charged $100 over the original invoice just for throwing up in a restroom. Needless to say, I am not such a huge fan of this establishment
The fact that Bashas is still even in business both astounds and frightens me.
I enjoy going to Made, it inspires me!.  You never know what you'll find but it is always something great!  Handmade jewelery, great magazines, and unique items everywhere!
Mandarin is by far the classiest hotel in Vegas. I had a terrific stay. The best service is provided. No casino.No crowds. No stores. No kids. Just relaxation and the utmost attention by their staff. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
food is AMAZING. staff is so friendly. and the prices are incredible. i'm a pizza addict/and a bit of a pizza snob. definitely recommended.
decent breakfast.
The wings are great so we like to order them when we eat there or for pick up.  This time we ordered 48 wings and pizza for pick up.  When we got the food home and we found out we were shorted 12 wings.  WTF!!!  You think paying over $50 for our order they would double check your order, right?
I was looking to buy a brand new Mazda 3 from this dealer, worst experience ever. To say this is a shady dealer would be a complete understatement. I would highly discourage anyone from considering purchasing a new car from this dealer. Don't waste your time, buyer beware!
Service isn't great.\n\nBeer is good and cold.\n\nFood is terrible, and my stomach has been turning flips since I dined here for lunch today. \n\nWe will not be retuning to Toby Keith's!
There is no \"big breakfast\". Matt told me himself. What you will get is a delicious, fresh, locally grown breakfast served by really nice people. Line was super long and I thought servings were average so I gave it three stars. Really nice place and I definately recommend it.
Cool place, but the service was terrible!  Seemed like everyone there was a regular and weren't too excited that we were there...don't worry, we won't come back!
For the price, we've had way better.  We didn't like the atmosphere.  On the up side, the service was great.
Have been here three times two of the three times my order has been messed up.  Tonight being one of the mess ups in my order I ordered half of slap of spare ribs only got four rids and what I did get was all dried out like eating the bottom of my shoe.  Will go else where next time.
Disappointed..maybe it was an off day for them. Man behind the counter was rude, just not friendly. The scone was hard(I like them slightly soft). The coffee was ok. Wanted to like it but it didn't get better. Might give them another try, hope the service is better.
So apparently not all GNC's are created equally. This place does not have the same prices as the GNC at Mesa River view. Pretty lame right? I thought so as well and why does GNC make their employees wear ties? Pretty lame considering those guys make about $8 per hour.
Great place! Everything was set up before i even arrived. Great manager who came by to ensure everything was well
Good food, even better beer, but absolutely atrocious service. I actually got concerned that I had truly become invisible and got worried. Nope, hadn't. Just incredibly ignored. Not just a one time deal either. Shame being that what they have to offer is so good.
this place was delicious!  the menu is limited (Chef's choice), it's BYOB and they only accept cash, but it is a unique & fun experience.  I highly recommend going!
Come hungry!!! Great pizza and service is great. Come here from Cali. Talk about OG style. Thin and tasty. Fresh ingredients and is made in from of you. New York style pie.
I still can't figure out why people love this place.  Food was below average in my opinion and priced very high.  The atmosphere is cool but that's the only thing they have going for them.
Good atmosphere. Decent prices (except for the sangria @ $9). The rice was awful, dry and hard. The salsa however was excellent, especially the green salsa. I had the chile relleno, which was pretty tasty.
Came here for lunch on a recent Friday and the place was hopping.  Love the atmosphere.  We got there early, good thing too.  The goofy system of having to order and pay at the bar is a pain in the butt and confusing.  But I loved my beer battered walleye.  And the staff is exceptionally friendly.  Will be back.
Can't let this slide with such high rings. Decent food, but nothing wonderful here.
The burgers available here are very greasy. The price is reasonable however the taste is not.
This was the first spot here I found that I wasn't covered in douche. Taryn was awesome! I felt like I was in a down to earth environment instead of the usual strip. Thanks!
Great place to hang out and watch a game or UFC fight. Cozy, relaxing ambiance...nice place to be able to have a conversation with friends. Great sliders!
I use to frequent this establishment a couple of times a week for a Breakfast Burrito, however, on one of my visits the gal behind the counter seemed to have pink eye.  It's rare that I will go there now...
i was dreading going  shopping for a mattress. I was lucky enough to be assisted by Michael McDuffie.  He was awesome! Knowledgeable and not pushy at all. I can't wait for my new mattress to be delivered!
Really great food, great service, the Manager even came to our table to welcome us, told us about the food and see how everything went for us. He heard it was our first visit. We will become regulars. Could not ask for more. \nThank-you NYPD Pizza\nTeresa, Katie, and Quentin
Slow service\nOwner has an attitude...\nI'm here to eat and have a good time and it wasn't the casr
WORST BUFFET EVER! The place was disgusting and dirty, I had a feeling we would regret this after we got seated to our filthy booth. The food was terrible, my boyfriend and I ended up getting food poisoning from eating at this \"restaurant\". We will never be going back there again.
So delicious, total nana home style cooking! Chorizo breakfast super flavorful, cheery service. Setting is not at all fancy, very low-key, but comfy and casual. Strong Chicano vibe, feel-good kind of place. Next best thing to Nana's house!
What a gem!!!\n\nGreat food. Friendly staff and nice atmosphere\n\nHighly recommend!\nThe chips and onion rings are stellar. Burgers and salads fabulous \nThank you for a fabulous time!!
Been coming for a few years and always AAA service and 5 star quality Barbering skills!
Server was knowledgeable but hostess/manager was extremely rude. Will update after a second attempt.
Simply the best airport meal I've ever had.  The servers go out of there way to explain every item on the menu to make for the dining experience you've always wanted in an airport.  Not stuffy, anything but.  Super hip and cool atmosphere.  The open faced steak sandwich was delicious.  Blue cheese on potato chips - genius.
OUT OF MARGARITAS  ... This should not happen in the middle of the day.
This is the worst fridays. I have given them chance after chance and they always get my orders wrong and the quality is severely lacking. Dont eat here
Wonderful place. Staff was very helpful and not at all pushy! Will definitely be a regular here!
worth the Cheap rate ($70/night) and just a place to crash.  Walk to other hotels for shows and restaurants esp. MGM.
Very yummy! Had the gyros platter. Very nice portion size for a nice price! The store in the restaurant is great to shop.
Very tasty and original! Need to go back again soon to try some other sandwiches. They should get some decent locally roasted coffee.
Food is good.  Service is not good.\n\nWe were distracted by the horrible music but everything we ordered was delicious.\n\nOur waitresses were hard to communicate with, we could barely understand what they said and it was frustrating.  Also strange for them to be speaking Spanish in that kind of restaurant...
Nice little coffee shop in Boca Park.when we went it was busy but orders were pretty getting out to customers pretty quick. It's a tad bit pricey but definitely worth it when it comes the taste. Portions could be bigger but the customer service overall was great.
The staff was very nice and helpful because I signed up for the Emerald program which made the return of the car so easy.  The rental location is very close to the airport through shuttle.  Recommended.
love the too hot to eat shrimp etouffe favorite spicy dish in madison all the kinds of po boys ive tried have been very good could have better beverage selection i like the cornbread
Lunch Buffet is typical of most others.  Every time I've been, it's been good...  \n\nPretty typical buffet selection...\n\nI like it, but it's not that special... Not sure what else to say...
Great service and great food. Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for great food and people!
I love this place! Everyone is so nice and the service is great. The food is definitely all American! Salsa burger is to die for! Mike is such a great guy and whenever my family and I come in we are greeted with with opens arms!
Nice neighborhood coffee.  Small but always seems to have room.  Good selection of teas also..  Good scones and pastries.  CT dos have some specialty blends.
Broken sound system, dirty, $2 to get a wrist band for re-entry, dead crowd every time, BUT -- where else can local bands play?
Every time I have been the service and food is consistently amazing.
Tried to eat here. Sat down and got menu but spent the whole time swatting the flies away , never could read the menu , finally left after 10 minutes of killing flies
Breakfast brunch at the Venetian....Pricey is my complaint and I don't like the link sausage.  Stick with the  bacon.
Whenever I miss grandma's house, I go here. Comfort food and knick knacks beyond my heart's desire. Genuinely sassy waitresses float around with hot plates stacked on their arms. \n\nDaily specials for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
These cab drivers are RUDE and think they own the road. Very dangerous and aggressive drivers. I hope they lose business.\nShould be a zero rating.
Nice small caf\u00e9 shop with machine sales on the side.\nBut as for coffee....not many choices & tasted bad.
Just like any other jack in a box. Ehh food drive thru has been fast. No real complaints.
Got the house special drink and loved it!!!! Best boba drink hands down. Also tried the mango passion fruit & that was good too! Very nice lady!
We have been coming here for awhile but lately the food quality has gone down and the prices are up. This is really a shame. Hometown diner feel with great friendly service. To bad the cook sucks! I guess we have to remove this from our list of places to eat. Bummer.
The food is ok, but the people that work there could not give a rip. The one in Champaign is much better.
the tuna tuna salmon roll was some of the best sushi i have ever eaten. our waitress was friendly and full of helpful advice. decor and presentation, excellent. a little splurge-y, but worth it.
I don't think so.  Maybe for little kids to drain some of their energy, but definitely not an adult activity.  Way too much money for what it is...not good.
smallest papaya salad I ever seen ,pad see ew lack of flavor,but the pad thai was good,msg for sure its in the dishes average dish $7.50 throat was dry after eating here
God awful service. Worst dining experience I've had in Charlotte and I've lived here for 15 years. No apologies for forgetting our food and drink. Very snooty atmosphere.
This place is a dive, but there is nothing wrong with that.  It's a pretty big space and there is always a place to sit.  I have never been there too late though.  Drinks are pretty cheap, service is fine, but they only accept cash.  Food is pretty cheap too.
Wow... there is nothing like a perfect breakfast with a perfect bagel. Recommended!
You can get much better dogs for a lot cheaper elsewhere. This place is way too hipster. Try Weiner World or the Original in Oakland.
Food was cold, it was bland and I would never go here again. The only thing that tasted good was the sprite I drank
Always great service and GREAT BREAD!!!! Staff is always friendly and offers generous sized samples. Monkey bread is amazing, and my new favorite is their white chocolate blueberry french bread! This place is my new weekly stop! Highly recommend stopping by and picking up a sample!
If it would be closer to my area, I could give it one more star. \n\nTheir special of $4 burgers is a good way to call your attention. The best was the service, the lady that took care of us was really friendly and nice. Another time I'll have to try their food.
Foods good but service sucks. It always takes no less than 25 minutes in the drive thru every time I go there. The people taking orders in the drive thru, never seem to know what they are doing. Maybe they need new management!
it's closed!  i'm bummed out.  best deli i found in the area.\nit's closed.  it's closed.  it's closed. it's closed
Food is great. Service is awful. Bartender really couldn't handle the 8 people at the bar. And he messed up mine and the two men next to me orders. either way the food was great. Lots of tequila :) I'll be back,  only because I love mexican.
Had a great time here.  Great food, excellent beer, and live polka!  Be sure to get the sausage and pretzel appetizers.
Amazing, wow, heart stopping, edge of your seat watching good time. From start to finish  your hooked. Great cast that you love cheering for and hating saying goodbye too. 90 minutes of peer joy and excitement. The tickets were a gift but if I could afford them I would go again. Thanks for a night to remember.
Just as good as the IL-born stores. So glad they finally came out here. If you never have checked out portillos and like the old time 50s style diner motif-with truly the best hot dogs, you need to check this place out!
Tried twice.    So blah.   Expensive blah.....food tastes like the place looks....Boring!   I just don't get it!
Great food. Never had a bad meal. The fondeaux is crazy good
Fast, affordable, excellent service!  \nWent in today at lunch to have my iPhone 4 screen repaired and couldn't be happier with my experience.  \nVery kind and friendly staff.
I called for delivery because the site says that they do delivery, and the guy that answered the phone hung up on me as soon as I asked if they deliver. I called again thinking it got disconnected, but the guy rudely told me they don't deliver. Way to gain potential customer.... not
Food was okay....a bit pricey though for their selection.   Lechon kawali was fresh. roomie ordered French fries ; he said they were stale.  We ordered the shrimp platter and it took over 25 mins to arrive.
I tried the shrimp burrito and potato flautas. SO good! Really this place is delicious. And everything tastes like it's made from fresh ingredients. Plus the location is great.\n\nHorchata is just ok. I've had better.
The first few times we've been here, great experience. Went today. Sat right away but waited 30 minutes for our food to be delivered. Omelet was pretty flat. Bacon was under cooked. Scrambled eggs had large yolk pieces. Only highlight were the waffles. Probably won't be back.
People working at the paint counter always seem incompetent. I go to Walmart for any painting needs I have now. It's also overpriced in my opinion.\n\nManagement is polite and eager to resolve issues.
They always pass out their flyers at the house so if I'm lucky I get them before blowing all over the lawn kicker is they don't ever offer delivery in our area.
Yes they have lost some quality- certain of the Fry's stores actually compete! AJ's get with the program -- the original is still the best!!!
The food was ok. Alissa was awesome and energetic. She noticed we were cold and offered us a hot tea when we walked in.
Not bad. The food comes out reasonably fast, and it tastes good. They won't win awards for tastiest burger, but they shouldn't get an award first, either. If in the area, it's a decent choice.
Compared to some of the Japanese i have had around Charlotte, this place was the best so far,( from what Ive tried) the sushi came out looking beautiful and the service was up to par. I will be going back
I was really excited to go to this place because Bobby Flay owns it. I had the tuna steak and it was really really good. I never expected that tex-mex can get this good! The service was a little slow though but I'm willing to overlook it for the quality of food.
Not my thang! TERRIBLE music and light crowd. Non-eventful. Could have had more fun walking down the strip. The strippers are BLAH. Good thing I did not pay cover. I'll try KRAVE next time.
Best pizza on the strip! We had the DOCG Special and the asparagus with Proscuitto!
Great music, gets very crowded, but awesome atmosphere. make sure you get there before midnight if you're on the list.
I had a great time.  The staff were friendly and Facility was nice.
I love Tammie Coe Cakes
Huge fan of Hash House!  I love the giant biscuits and fruit preserves that come with the meals!  Chicken and waffles is delicious!  Also we love the hash mixtures.  Love that they have a location in the south!
Refused to give water to young teen & referred her to PF Changs.  Olive & Ivy handled this poorly, unprofessionally & pathetically. \n\nPF Changs didn't even hesitate to give her the water.  That's why I ate there instead.
Thought the staff was incredibly rude. With out anyone else in the restaurant, my party of four was asked to wait. After we were seated and ordered our food did not all come out together. My seafood portofino dish had about a cup of  oiling the bottom of the plate
Creative food but okay quality.  Very small quantity. Great service. My favorite is the lobster taco. But probably won't come back.
Good, small portions. Pricey for simple foods. Nice environment.
I've had better sushi from New York City delis. Even supermarkets. The rice was smushy, with no texture. Jiro would be sorely disappointed. A little under mediocre.
Don't bring kids here...this a family restaurant that doesn't want kids.  Staff is disrespectful to kids and families with small kids.  Decent product poor staff and management.  In fact unless you are perfect like the staff don't go here.  Did I mention that being insulted by staff members is encouraged here?
Amazing food quality- had the Tuna sashimi appetizer- amazingly fresh and wonderful flavors.\nDinner was tilapia- excellent choice and perfect portion size.\nSave room for the cheesecake- it was seriously amazing with the strawberry sauce.
Love Smash burger. Great food great service awesome. Highly recommend this restaurant.
Went on the Saturday night before Superbowl, and had a great experience.  We got bottle service and were taken care of throughout the night, the vibe at this place is great, the music, the people, everything was great.  Check it out for sure, this is one of the top clubs in Vegas for sure, I will be back.
Great burgers & chicken sandwich. Very artfully done, but tastes very well. Presentation is fantastic, but doesn't come at the expense of the food.  I will definitely be back!
My girlfriend spoke very highly of this place.....ehh it was ok. They really need some different color paint on the walls. Its just white.....not a very \"Italian\" looking restaurant. Service was good.
Yes! Bing bong I love doughnuts and these are some good A doughnuts. They are open long hours too which is sweet. I've always had friendly service, no complaints.
If I could have given Gilley's 0 stars I would have. We  walked in, we're not greeted and then had to practically beg someone to tell us if we were allowed to sit down! Then once we sat for over 15 minutes with no menu, waitress, or attention of any kind we walked out. NEVER AGAIN.
One of the worst clubs in town. There are a lot newer clubs that are better lay out and have better music. I just don't see the appeal for anyone looking for a good experience.
I was taken here by my family for my birthday and was treated like royalty by the staff. Great selection, great food. Wr had a very enjoyable evening.
So..i guess if three people share 2 dishes, you get a side of a waiter with an attitude...thanks Jesus!\nThat is all you get from me.
Awesome burgers! Kids love it that we had to grab some more in LA on the way home. A little bit pricey than a typical burger but worth it. Wish they had one in the Bay Area.
a good place to go with friend when you are very hungry!
Supppppper healthy food. Awesome menu selections and you can customize your own plate. I tried the chicken bowl. No complaints here. It was perfect and filling but not too much to over do yourself. So coming back!!
The standard burger is a little small and dry the fries were ok but service was slow at time we came in door no one at counter to take our order
It's IHOP, do you really want to read my review on the largest chain ever? come here for breakfast, it's satisfying. And if you're coming here for lunch or breakfast......you must be lost or scared of the local restaurants.
The bartender gave samples of different beers and since as a patron we were very talkative he gave us samples of bloody marries that were specially made in house. Great place to go!!
Great place! I love the lobster and crab burger! The wait staff sometimes tries to hard to make the place more than it is. (Snobby) Nice typical steak house decor.
Jeff and staff have this place dialed in.  Nice simple tap room with awesome beer (both their own and guest taps). Don't change a thing.
Notice how I gave this place 2 stars....It's because their service is pretty much Number 2! They would not put up gutter guards for my sisters, who are not too good at bowling. They have some cranky guy running the only counter and seriously the only upside to this place is the Cosmic Bowling.
The pho was good but I had better. The workers are nice and attentive.
If you have Jodi Arias work schedule from Jan 2008, you should get them to Juan Martinez at the Mesa, AZ prosecutor office.   Justice for Travis
Romano Kitchen Counter , hmm.\nCertainly not 7 in 7, as promoted when I ordered lunch. \nNormal service time for table service usually extended. The current promotion no better. I am extremely disappointed because I like the menu.  I can only question : are they understaffed?
Old place looks old bad location and the noisiest A/C in the room ever
Great ramen, atmosphere and service... Saw two flies inside the restaurant though, which makes me a little concerned.
I guess you love it or you hate it. Cant say I enjoyed the food.
Look. I know the whole Chinese Mexican theme throws people off. But seriously, the food is amazing. Jade red chicken and jerk chicken with the jerk fried rice and Jamaican black beans are awesome. Don't let the menu fool you, this place rocks!!
This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.
Natalie is the best.  She has taken the time to help us find what we need.   She has customized every juice for our taste.  I could go on and on about how great this place is, but you should just check it out yourself.
One thing I can't stand is repeating myself. I told them which service I want and the guy his kept on trying to get me to pay more. Goodness. I said I was this and that's it. Just wash my car and vacuum the inside.
Great pizza, ice cold beers, best pizza in Sun City area. Craig is the owner and aims to please his customers, go to groupon for great deals. Love the wing sauce and all the pizzas. Won't be sorry you ate here
Love the staff here!! I love the clothes! Excellent!
Went here for Sunday brunch with the family; place was packed and noisy.  Their menu was extensive offering everything from your typical eggs sausage and toast to omelets and sandwiches.  I ordered the eggs Benedict which was not bad, but nothing special either.  Service felt rushed too.  I'll be going to sunrise cafe next time around
Best french toast ever!!! And best potatoe salad ever! Me and my boyfriend love coming here for breakfast. Were always happy when we leave. We've tried many entrees and have always enjoyed whatever we picked. Yummy hot chocolate! always on point. No complaints here! Service is great too. Delish! :)
Super awesome pool party. I went to the halfway to edc pool party during winter and it felt like it was summer. I had a blast!!!!
Food is good,but service is awful. The server even rolled her eyes to me . I don't want to come back again.
Enjoyed breakfast here. Staff was very friendly. My coffee was warm not hot as I usually enjoy but they brought me another cup fresh and hot :)
Stopped in here for some camera assistance during the protest.   They were so busy they forgot to lock the door at closing and people were still coming in.  They were very nice about it, worked with the customers and were very patient for us to finish our shopping and make our purchases.
Un - freaking - believable!  Just had their french onion soup sandwich at the Co-Hoots event downtown, and it tasted just like french onion soup on a sandwich. Yum!!
Sadly, I live in Aliante and think that my association dues go to keep up with this park. However, it's always so busy with people that do not belong that my kids can never enjoy it. If people would learn to respect property or others it would be a decent park. Sad, it's walking distance.
Staff are confused about everything! Went in one day was told that items were with a green tag were 50% off so picked up a few treasures and was told that none of them were on sale, that the tag had to have a line on it. REALLY? Get your act together people...
Ambiance, decor, cleanliness, all above average, strip malls can often hide these little gems.  Only had one meal there so far - Pho with chicken.  Nice big bowls, place settings and large spoons a plus.  Service was excellent!  I want to go back soon and try some more stuff!!!
This place has really awesome pastrami sandwiches and deep fried green beans +  they're open 24hrs! Nice late night meal :)
Don't go here on breakfast/lunch.  They serve the same menu. . Seems like leftover from the night before. I know since I ate dinner last night and then breakfast the next day.  I like the little serving dish idea:)
Got Food Poisoning STAY AWAY!!!
I had a wonderful massage experience with Anna. I had the Thai combination which incorporated stretching and hot stones. This would be a great choice for athletes because of the stretching; it was akin to physical therapy in a way. Highly recommend! Reasonably priced too.
Another one of those places I go to just because I need to grab a quick eat. Although it's just your  typical subway, the service here is better than what I'm used to at Subways where they just grunt at you about which condiments you would like.
Great playground. Bring a piece of cardboard! There is a slide built into the hill and the kids love flying down on a piece of cardboard!\n\nThere are great hiking trails throughout the park. This is a great woodsy spot right in the city!
Simply put, amazing! Best carnitas I've ever eaten! Street tacos are fantastic. Try the trainer salad if you are watching your carb intake. Don't be put off by the mini-mall locale, this place is legit!
I had a Caramel royale macchiato, and it was quite awesome. Great break from gambling and slot machines and all the good stuff. \n\nIt's really small, so I could easily imagine people would overlook the location unless you're explicitly looking for it.
Business is closed.  Business is closed.  Business is closed.  Business is closed.  Business is closed.
Just another corporate money extraction scheme. They couldn't care less about the animals, just pump the bill and sell, sell, sell.
Phenomenal sandwiches perfect for a quick lunch or dinner.
Efficient, good quality and great prices.  Casual - counter service.  Be chicken had a tasty rub and was cooked perfectly.  Need I say more?  4 stars is really good in my book.  5 stars is reserved for the
If you want New Mexican food in Las Vegas, this is the only joint I know of.  Located in the palms, it's a pretty nice restaurant...service was a bit slow, but the portions were fair for the price and the food took care of my carne adobada craving.
Yuck!! The worst Pad Thai ever! It smelled awful.  I will never order food from them again. The Pad Thai was dry and just not good at all! I'm disappointed to say the least. Very nice service but the food doesn't match the service.
Bad service, Bad Food. Very incompetent waitress.\nI do not recommend this place at all.
They didn't explain to me I have to give them 30days nortice cancellation! I'm sure it was on contract by small letter. Aaaaggghhh I don't need anymore and still have to pay another month. I'll never sign up with body heat tanning.
raising to 4.5 based on the hot and sour soup alone. I have tried the same soup at multiple places and none...none were as good as here.
Poor customer service. Waited in line with 5 other customers, while 5 employees didn't even acknowledge one single customer. One of them was the store manager. His name was Ruben. This place is a joke.
Very disappointed I walked around for at least 10 minutes looking for someone to help me but never found anyone...:( Needless to say I walked out with nothing..
Server and food was very great. Everything was nice except the hostess was not very friendly. Made me not want to eat there at all (at least in my opinion).
My friend lives right around the corner and after a little shopping we decided to stop in and grab some food. She ordered a turkey wrap and I got the turkey bacon melt. Both were made when we ordered it and were ready in about 3 minutes. Mine was perfectly hot and the flavor was excellent. Gotta show support for local business!!
I love the food at Chipotle so much more, I'm not sure I would ever go to Qdoba again because Chipotle has set my expectations too high.
Fun place.  Great atmosphere.  Food is just awful.  Waitresses are great at throwing extra drinks on your bill.  Happened more than once so check your tab.
They just closed permanently without any notice to members. Seriously, this place sucks. Lacking compassion and always dirty. There was a MAJOR ant infestation as well. What a disappointment!!
Ohhhh nooo. It's alright if you like green chili burritos with no chili. Not for me.
Worst experience on an airline ever but I guess you get what you pay for. Flight attendents were extremely rude and irritable. My flight was also delayed 3 hours on my way home from vegas. I will definitely NOT be flying with spirit ever again.  Even if the tickets are dirt cheap it's not worth it. Lesson learned.
I cannot thank Wendel enough for all the help and peace of mind after I needed to have my transmission replaced suddenly. They put me at ease and walked me through every step until it was done. I refuse to take my car to anyone else! Thank you again!
Its aight.  Nothing interesting about it.  No one was in line = bad food.  It's your average wrap fast food chain.
Just visited the service department. I have to say that Friendly Ford is a pretty friendly place.  Have been there twice and both times the service was fast, efficient and cheerful.
If you come to Vegas this is a must for drinks but I would pass on the food! Tried almost everything on the food menu and it's not impressive at all... The goblets on the other hand are amazing and a must try! My favorite was the gummy goblet so yummy & fun!
The Portions on shrimp appeared a little skimped this time around, or it may be cc and be are giving bigger portions. Overall, it's as expected.
This was my first visit to a P.F. Chang's and it was an amazing experience. Our server Mike and the manager Molly treated me and my family like royalty. The food wash delicious and the service was phenomenal. Can't wait to go back.
This mom and pop place is clearly new and hasn't created much atmosphere yet, but the food is tasty, the $5 lunch special is a good value, and the fried plantains were piping hot.
First time going to a haunted house so I don't really have anything else to compare it too. But I definitely got scared and had a good time. The only downside was that it was really dark in some areas and I kept worrying about bumping into things but other than that I would probably go back.
Maybe not as cool as it could be but it's a start.  And definitely stop by here if your in Las Vegas and then check out their little arts district.  Begin or end your tour with coffee at the peppermill!  Be sure to bring along your copy of Sartre's \"Being and Nothingness\".   XO
The sushi was not at all good. The service was on the poor side. Our one and only visit was not enjoyable.
What a great experience - Food and service were wonderful - the steak tartare - YUM and the tasting menu is a real value in my opinion - you'd be hard pressed to eat this well at this price point anywhere. We can't wait to come back! And beef belly - what bliss for my belly!
We went here back in January.  The service was really slow. The food was ok but very small portions for the price and I don't like big servings!  I cook better Indian food at home.
I was torn between a 3 and 4. This place is cool. There is a tree growing in the middle of the dining room. The food is good not to inspired but good. The service is very good. Actually the more I think about it the more I want to go back.
Stopped in for a quick drink with friends and we all ordered the same thing - the goodbye blue sky. It was a really delicious cocktail and I could of had at least 2 more!
Good Food, a bit over priced I feel for what you actually get not by much though.  Always very busy though.   Food is consistant.  Nothing amazing but a nice breakfeast place, probobly have to wait if you go on the weekend morning though
our group of 6 had dinner at n9ne on a Sunday evening at 9 Food was decent not amazing.  The prices were outrageous and the atmosphere was lacking. Definitely not worth the crazy prices, there are so many other great places with better atmosphere and food to try.
A weekday lunch staple. Love the signature salad, caesar, and the sandwiches. I was surprised and delighted to see that they're open so late and on the weekends. Yey Newks!
they have the best soup. tge salsa is amazing. toasted and roasted and whatnot. i like the taco and soup combo. he likes the coastal trio. yum!!!
Amazing vegan sweets! Love their Sunday brunch! Highly recommend.  \n\nNote: it does get loud and overrun by hipsters, but the food is still well worth it.
On a recent visit I had the duck which was tender enough to cut with a fork and extremely well flavored. The spinach and parmasean soup was out of this world! A fanastic find and very enjoyable atmoshpere. Resonably priced wine and good service make this a \"I'll be back\" restaurant.
Love this place.  Great coffee, fabulous, homemade everything.  Can't beat it.
The decorations of the Casino was great! The Weekend Champagne Brunch was AWESOME!  The food was delicious, The have food from a lot of different cuisines, our server was great on keeping our champagne glass full. for $49.99 a person it was well worth the money.
Worst sushi bar ive ever been!! Service sucks the server was very rude and slow. And all sushi has too much rice. I dont even wanna give one star for this restaurant.
A pretty little shop with some bar stool seating. The salted caramel was better then the coco-orange.
Worst dining experience of my life. Got food poisoning from a pork burrito and was sick all day. Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this place.
Good service but the wings are so oily. We used 10 napkins to squeeze the oil out of these things. \n\nMaybe stand these things up and let them drain.
The lunch specials here are great. I think it was about $7.50 before tax for two slices of pepperoni pizza and 5 or 6 wings. It's good old-fashioned comfort food.
Great Salon, Excellent prices and you love the work they do.  Ask for Sherry I use her I wont go anywhere else.
We sat at the bar as we only went for a beer and dessert. We had the triple berry cobbler which was good. The pizza looked good, but we were full already.
The BEST tour in Vegas if you are a foodie!  We had a wonderfully yummy time at each of the mystery stops. The food and drinks were amazing and we got to try places we may have never considered. Just be prepared to be stuffed with goodness!
Terrible customer service from the night crew, completely fudged my order and then tried to tell me I was in the wrong. The young woman in the first window was on her cell phone the entire time.
That is one pretty pizza! I mean PERFECTLY round! Great crust! Good pizza! The staff are super friendly! Try the lunch special it comes with a small pizza and a soda! Not bad for the wallet! Clean establishment.
awesome wings
SO very pretty and creative.
I generally prefer more of a greasy spoon or a diner experience for breakfasts but you cant deny that this is a very good place.  Service is always good and the bathrooms are always clean.  Try the fresh squeezed orange juice.
Awesome happy hour 1/2 off Bistro menu from 11P - 3Am...crab stuffed mushrooms, and the Filet Bruschetta great flavor and value!!
The parking lot is all done now, so getting in and out is much less difficult. \n\nEither this place is set up oddly or I am because I can never find anything there. I wander around until either finding somebody or giving up (it's about 50/50).
Nice selection and willing to work with your on pricing, especially if you are buying multiple pieces and/or paying cash.  Delivery was available for the next day, and even if they had to special order it was only 7-10 days wait to receive.  Delivery man was on time, clean, and cordial.
They have some outstanding choices in flavors... plus this yogurt has more flavor that mojo and yogurtology... I just wish they had more places in Metro Phoenix... I'll be back
Not as good as i expected, the humis qawrma is not that good, its a bit noisy , there was a man playing oud which was great but u cant hear him over the noise.
amazing decor\n\ntry the entire menu\n\ndon't forget yak meat
This place is great! Gave up Good Egg for this morning spot! Peter is awesome already knows our orders and you can see they really want their customers to be happy! Big shout out to Iliya he is a good employee there.
The best nail salon!  It is reasonably priced and there are opportunities to receive rewards and discounts!  The nail technicians really make an effort to give great service. The atmosphere is calm and peaceful. I went to this other nail salon for years and after my first time at Creative Nails I never looked back!
I stopped in the Albertson's on my way home because of a sale on Coke.  The store was clean and bright, and the clerk who checked me out couldn't have been friendlier.  Parking is OK here and it's easy off and back on Flamingo.
Absolutely delicious! Catfish, boudin balls, shrimp \u00e9touff\u00e9e, all scrumptious. Have never eaten Cajun before, I am amazed... Will be back!!!!
Reviews are dead on good food good service in a little bit of a strange out of the way location.
NEVER, NEVER NEVER buy any appliances from this company.  They have the worst services and the appliances they sell do not work.  I had 2 fridges from the through my landlord and neither did any one of these 2 works.  Plus, they are rude and their services are the worst of the worst.
FYI:  This location is closed as of 9/23/08.
Nice place to grab brunch. Service was a bit slow but it was because there was lots of customers. The atmosphere was lively and the food tasted great. Food was not outstanding but definitely tasted better than average!
Chipotle Chicken Avocado.  Enough said.
Sasha provides the best services in Las Vegas. Her gel nails are comparable to none. Her spa pedicures are relaxing yet fun!  Her personality is such that you would think you have known her forever.  Anyone would be crazy to go anywhere else!  Go see Sasha!
Best sunday funday spot ever!!
The service sucks. The food is ok. Don't let the good ambience of the place fool you. The only good thing is the chips and salsa.
Quantity over quality.  What can I say if you want to consume mass quantities for next to nothing come here.  Although I did not get sick, the food is marginal at best.   You have been warned.
Fresh Baked Bread to start!\nGreat Tortilla Soup!\nA Good \"Big Ass\" Burger\nGreat Service!
Great shopping place for clothes, jewelry, art and home decor! One of those GREAT finds and the owners are really nice. It has boutique clothing at affordable prices, great atmosphere and FRIENDLY!!!!
5 for food. 1 for portion size. My tip: Leave your appetite at home. (Just got done with dinner here, now I gotta go get a burger)!
A ok place for work lunch.
They have asked my to contact them, and sadly I have twice since the review. Who ever asked that has not responded since.
Decent Chinese food. It as a good clean taste. Only thing is many of sauces on the dishes taste too similar.
I love this place. It's always crowded whenever I go and I can understand why. Great food at great prices. I love the fish tacos they are to die for and the sauces on the side they give are so yummy. Friendly service. I will be back for more fish tacos!
Had a very nice lunch.  The food was very yummy and the service made me want to return the next day.  The waitstaff was very attentive and chatty. The food was fresh and very well done. The decor reminded me of one of those cute places in Berkeley or Napa.
The good- Really cool looking place with nice seating\nThe bad- They didn't have hypnotiq which was in one of their featured cocktails\nThe ugly- The drink they suggested instead was so terrible. I sent it back
Very good food and prompt service. Lamb Khorma is amazing. waiter  had exceptional recommendations and could explain the spicy index to my wife. Ask about the beers bc they are unique.
It was...alright. The food was not bad but for what we paid I maybe expected a little more from the experience. The decor is cute but I'm just not sure I was super impressed. We went for dinner so I may give it one more chance during lunch hours but we'll see.
Cool little place hidden away in Oakland.  Great place for a few drinks and apps.  If your a vegiterian this is a great spot.
Great Food.... Always, made to order and the gyro sauce.... I could eat everyday with almost anything.... Great customer service....
I'm happy, my stuff looks great!
Very attentive staff....delicious food! Ordered pulled pork & brisket, fries, onion rings, fantastic cole slaw!  Interesting decor....fun place.
This branch is great, always plenty of sales.\nIdeal if you are one of us people who pick jewelry by festooning several handfuls over yourself and wearing whatever takes hold.
only down side, no Wifi....   but we dont came here for that.
Happy hour is pretty solid!  Good place to go with kids as well.  The pretzels are delicious.  Their pot pie as great but do not eat it if you are going to eat any more food the rest of the day.  Ambience is pretty old school.
i like it, I feel like it is a good getaway when me and my husband need time alone with no kids. Movies and dinner @ TGIF what more can a girl ask for.
Waiting for my plane and this was the only choice.  Jose Cuervo, not a fan.  As Matt stated, it's a bar in an airport.  Indeed.  \n\nService sucked. Burned out humans.
This place is awesome! We tried both breakfast and dinner. We were quite pleased with the food. The freshly roasted smoked bacon in breakfast is definitely a killer, absolutely delicious. The fish dishes in the dinner are also good. They also have quite a selection of fruits and deserts . I would say it's worth the money.
My wife and i's favorite restaurant. All the oregano's have great food, but this particular location is our favorite , because of the people who work there. \nThey are the best. Best service, best attitude, and best management.
Really sweet and accommodating servers, a little more expensive than expected, but the Alambres tacos were tasty and I left feeling pretty full and satisfied.
Thank you so much Alexander with helping me find a new car.  He made it painless, stress free, and easy.  I plan on referring to anyone in need of a vehicle.
Horrible food!! Crab legs had a funny smell and weren't fresh. Definitely not worth $15.99. If you know what great food tastes like do not waist your money here: (
I would rate higher if they would just more than a .00001 inch thick slice of meat across the sandwich.  Subway is all bread and a total waste.  So many better places out there like Firehouse or Boardhouse!
Great fish. Everything else pretty much a disaster. Service juvenile. Hours for follow up on simple asks. Ran out of unfiltered saki at 7:30pm. Give them a year to pull it together.
The rooms are old and the place is a bit out of the way. Their casino doesn't get very busy. The only really redeeming factors were the sports book and the 24 hour diner that served some pretty good food. Maybe with the new ownership things will improve.
I don't think that there are any good restaurants in downtown.  This was possibly the worst food I have had.  The pizza was soggy, cold, and had no flavor.  The lobster soup was fishy.  The best part of the meal was the wine...enough said.
Fasts friendly service very clean and always a tasty burger!
Stale pastries, dirty tables and a sea of laptops... what more could you want?
Pretty good. Had the curry chicken.... Was pretty enjoyable but fried rice wasn't to die for. I got delivery and it was super quick. No complaints this time :)
I was insane not to give this place Five Stars. They are a treasure in the East Valley.
Booked through priceline \"name your own price\". Palace Station supposedly matched my stated price, only to add $16 mandatory fees for stuff I didn't want or need. Completely defeats the purpose of pricematching, and is unfair to hotels who deal honestly with the system.
A no-kill animal shelter is a great asset to any community.  Thumbs up to all of the staff and volunteers that make this place successful.... Bravo!!
As far as I can tell, no longer there.
Great food reminiscent of the street vendors, taco trucks, and little \"holes-in-the-wall\" that are so good!
I gave this location one star because the office staff was kind and efficient. The NP was incompetent and rude. She clearly had not even read  the nurses notes. She was combative the minute she walked in. We waited 2 hours with an appointment. I will NEVER come back to this place again
I did not go to the location, but I did eat the pizza. We had $100 credited to the room and decided to spend it here. Crust was nice and thin but chewy which is how I like my pizza. Yum! Perfect ending to a late night out!
I ate at Jinya the first time last night.  Came home started vomiting and diarrhea.  Whatever was in their food made me really sick.  Will never return!!!
No reason to pay these exorbitant prices for grisly Ribeye and bad service. First time I've been seated outdoors and had such noise that we could not talk
Food is ok, very pricey and the hostess was snobby.
I'm a fan of the glaze!
Used to go here years ago and the old management got a little cheap on portions size. Not anymore. The place has really turned around and food tastes great! Good bang for the buck on portion size. Egg drop soup is great! Since we rediscovered the Dragon Bowl, we haven't had a bad meal yet!
My daughter's Dad took her to Kidz R Kool for her first checkup approximately three weeks ago, she is two and a half.  He is still talking about the experience.  He raved about the staff and how pleasant and professional they are.  He said the Dentist was top notch!  :)
We ask for the fried  calamari done extra crispy.. The calamari comes out in a good mix  of fins and tentacle. Good crunch and always a good taste. Both dipping sauces have a good tang to them.
Great healthy comfort food.. So far everything I have tried was great.. The only down side to this place is the long wait is to get your food.. Your almost better to call ahead.. Other Tha  that great place to eat..
Delightful cafe with friendly enthusiastic staff. Great selection of locally sourced Southern faves. And great bang for the buck!
They should call it \"wonderland\". This place has a little of everything. I really enjoy just coming in here and poking around. They have an excellent selection of Japanese candy and snack foods which I adore. The fish market is really fresh and they have a nice produce area as well.
Love this sub shop. It is fresh, cheap and always provides great customer service. I'm a big fan of the veggie sub in the lunch special. I will go here over a Subway or Quiznos any day...except for Sundays when they are closed (my only complaint.)
Being new to the Las Vegas area, we relied on the reviews on Yelp after having bad experience else where. The staff is very professional and friendly. We got a much better price than we would have gotten at the larger chain store.
The best staff that I have ever encountered at a hotel.  Overly accommodating and even offered me a Fiesta Bowl preview.\nThe room was great!  It looks slightly dated inside but the rooms are so clean it didn't bother me at all.  I definitely recommend this for your overnight stay!
Peanut butter and jelly is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not a good experience. Like going to the DMV for lunch.  Apparently it is called Asian Fusion because the food was a fusion of both tasteless and salty.  The art was cool at least.
one of the nicest hotels in the city. waitresses come around alot and everyone is very freindly. make sure you sign up for a m card.
This is one of my favorite spots in all of Phoenix. But, I have a BIG problem.  The \"Andy's Favorite TLT\" sandwich is so damn good, I can't get to trying more things on the menu. \n\nGreat food, great atmosphere.  Best in class!
Excellent food quality...tiny menu. The service here is mediocre but the food very authentic and delicious!
When you are visiting IKEA in Tempe and are not in the mood for meatballs, check out Forefathers! It's yummy, quick and affordable, nice staff too. Don't forget to try the sauces!
Service is friendly and quick! Everything comes at a timely manner and all the food is fairly priced. Although it's a little small, it's really amazing! The pasta is incredible!
I came here for the first time with a Groupon. I couldn't be happier. Niza was great. He was professional and gave me a fabulous new look. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a new hip salon.
The deep dish pizza is for sure one of the best in Vegas. Can't say anywhere else is close to it. The taste is similar to Pizza Uno in Chicago but something is missing.  Pasta dishes are pretty good as well.
LOVE their decorated sugar cookies.  They are always colorful and festive for the appropriate season or holiday.  Most importantly, they are yummy!
Not your normal brat.... exotic meats and awesome beer selection!  Good vibe!
My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh! The best mussels and frites, combined with belgian beers you'll find out there. Perfect little spot, tucked away - a true neighborhood gem.
A classic steakhouse.  Stop by around 7:30 for a well prepared cut of meat.  Swing back around midnight for drink from their more than adequate bar and grab a quick snack from the late night menu.
I highly recommend visiting this lunch spot. The food is great and there is a store with baked goods, coffee, gelato, and olive oils (along with free recipes) to browse through while you are waiting for your food. I have not yet tried the pizza but will be returning soon!
The description says this restaurant has waiter service ... I beg to differ.  That's all I have to say about this one.
The management is terrible and the owner is rude and unaccomodating..not really authentic Filipino food..just authentic Filipino workers...i prefer to go to Barkada's on Decatur and Sahara...main chef now works there, way better and atmosphere is always great
Won't be eating here again. The tzatziki sauce was waterey and bland. Should be flavorful and creamy. The service was ok but the food was subpar.
I had the daily special where you combine a BLT sandwich and a piece of pie. I don't have to mention that the pie was great but actually; the sandwich was not bad either. Friendly staff and a nice neighborhood adds to a great experience.
NIce and clean. Big selection of prepared food. A lot of hard to find items. Expensive as usual.\n\nThis is the location they filmed one episode of \"Top Chef\" from bravo.
went for lunch and maybe it's what I ordered, but it was just ok for me. Nothing out of the ordinary or anything that really WOWed me. The place was clean and the servers good, though
This company has great costumer service and my Shirts I ordered came fast and direct. I recommend everybody to if nothing else check this company out. A good group of people supporting the troops and providing quality products.
One of the best places to eat Indian food in las Vegas. The taste is authentic!!! Better than eating the costly buffets in the casinos
This a great Antique store. The prices are a little high, that's why I only gave 4 stars. Has a wide variety and stuff changes out every 5-6 months or so. This place is one of our favorites to go to!
Great food but I'm tired of the unfriendly staff and less then good service. I wi t be coming here anymore. I guess I'll just find somewhere else to spend my money.
The kids love it and that is all that matters!  Tons of Butterflies and right next to OdySea Mirror Maze, which the kids like too.  It looks like they are also building an aquarium here too!  Right off the 101 and easy to get to.
Ben is a fantastic server!! Very knowledgable. The tuna melt is better than you'd expect.
Zero star? Can't make a zero star, I'll give it a 1 star. Food sucks, I relate it to prison food. Maybe worst than that. Service is more worst than the food. It's couple guys in there talking about dumb shit
Its only saving grace - that it's 24 hours.
This place sucks.  Food is fine for fast food, kinda pointlessly pricey, the cook there was an asshole and the cashier wasn't much better.  I was the only person they had to help and they made it seem like I was really cutting into their day of leaning on the counter talking.
Service looks like has gone way down from when first opened. Not worth the prices for how you get treated!!
Been here a few times now, I appreciate this spot for the consistent quality food prep & good service. I also like the open windows throughout. The environment is chill and great for those mornings when you want to avoid chaotic spaces. They serve Cartel coffee which is a plus in my book.
Noisy at happy hour, the Salt and Pepper Shrimp (on their appetizer menu) was really a shrimp tempura served with a creamy mayonnaise type sauce.  Not to my taste.  This is no reflection on their dinners which may be fine.
Denny's with more parking than the one on the strip. Service is still horrible, a standard Denny's signature service marker. Nothing else really different, other than the fact that you're in Las Vegas and probably need to sober up before your long drive home. It gets the job done as you would expect.
Had the potato skins and sliders for happy hour.  Potato skins were tasty (cut into 1/4 size and loaded with toppings) and sliders were very juicy.  Great happy hour prices and decent selection of discounted appetizers.  Service was very quick but rather lackluster.
Great \"local\" spot.
A little more noisy than I would prefer.  The gazpacho/watermelon soup was wonderful, the brussel sprout salad was sub par.  Good service.  They seem to be flourishing.
Great customer service, especially from the night crew! They have never messed up on me. Great for eating healthy on campus! However, during certain times of the day it can get 25 deep. If there are at least 3 people working, the line goes by fast. If its only two...give up.
Wow, this place is still here? I went there as a girl (15+ years ago) with the family on a regular basis. If it's still around, then it MUST be good!
It's McDonald's. Haven't eaten it for over a year. I now feel sick. Last time I eat at any McDonald's.
nachos are the best!!!
This place is pretty good. I had a cup of southwestern chicken chili (with cheese and onion toppings) and a fruit cup. Both were really good. Fast and friendly service and you get a good amount of food for the money. I also like that they have a lot of healthy options.
A fun stop on a long road.
Service sooooooo poor!!!! Stopped this morning, 6/25/13. Manager looked at me, and even didn't come to window!!!!! What time they open? 5 am? Well I was there 5:10!!!!!
Great looking place but too pricey. The food was pretty good but I could find similar dishes for less elsewhere. If you're looking to impress someone then I suppose you could go here but I would rather pay less for good food and have okay surroundings.
Another 3.5 rounded to 4\n\nNo one really cares about TGIAPPLECHILIS do they?\n\nThis is better then Chilis, on par with Applebees but not near as good as outback. \n\nDecent prices decent food decent service.
Hands down, best manicure place in pittsburgh!
Sushi catcher is an above average sushi place the fish and ingredients could be a little fresher but that doesn't hinder the experience you'll have. It's a pretty small seating place but the staff is very friendly and attentive. Give it a try!
The food was good and the service was excellent. I took my mother there for lunch with a groupon and there were no issues. I would definitely return.
Food is very good.  It's the price I have issues with.  $51 per person for dinner?  Is that the way it's going to go?  Really?  I thought $40 was high end.  This place is just not worth $51 for one buffet.
First time here ordered the BBQ bacon cheese burger , pretty good. The fries are bland but  the burger was pretty tasty and not greasy. Their prices are pretty affordable here and the place is nice and clean. Will probably try it again for breakfast.
my rating is unknown because i haven't been to the place yet but i thought i should add the business hours for the Goodyear location, Mon-Fri 8 to 5 closed for lunch from 12 till 1
This place is barely a step above Panda Express. Actually, it's worse I think. Unless you order something special the food is prepared ahead of time and sitting on a steam table. Will not be going back!
Horrible food! We had the dinner buffet and there was barely anything left on the buffet counter. The quality of food they served for $11.99 is unbelievably bad. Extra salty dishes, half-done naan, weird tasting chicken tikka masala- very bad experience.
Ribs are good. But this place is waaaaaay overpriced. Go to Rolling Smoke it's better and cheaper
Suuuuper friendly staff got me in and out with an oil change in under 30 minutes! I walked in without an appointment but they took me right in. Very helpful and affordable prices are just a perk!  I absolutely recommend giving Hondatronics your business!
Some of the best bar food in the state.  Burgers and Pizza are always a fantastic choice.  Entertainment is hit or miss, but at least they have some.  However, my favorite reason to go here is it serves the coldest tap beer ever!!!
Best pizza I've ever tasted.
Vegas Weddings was WONDERFUL!  From the Limo to the venue, the AWESOME Elvis who walked me down the aisle, to the minister for renewing our vows......ALL AROUND great time with lovely people!
I've been to this one twice already since it opened. It's a family favorite.
Great value... true non-smoking room. Great staff. Good room service food.
Just an average Vegas buffet. They do have good customer service and a wide variety of foods and desserts. For the price, it is only a 3 star buffet.
As a recent tourist I would like to thank the local taxpayers for providing this line. I found this conveyance to be cheap,  efficient, clean, safe and convenient.
Stay away. Great concept and design but food is horrible. The chips and salsa no good. Dim sum not so good. Tacos weren't the greatest. This place has lots of room for improvement. Heck they even ran out of Juice. The water had a facet flavor.
Very well done breakfast in an aesthetically pleasing place. I felt like I was in Paris.
I really liked this place. They have fresh baguette and I had the Forbidden Rice which was great! The menus tell you what's gluten free or dairy free. The servers seem a bit rushed but it's good other than that.
The original, often imitated never duplicated.
We had catered, Good! Not only was the sandwich great, we got desert to and it was amazing! Totally loved!
We picked this place due to the restaurant.com deal - trying to get out of our rut and do something new.  We were so very pleased.  The food was wonderful and the service was very personal.  We had a great time and can't wait to go back.  Next time we will bring something home from the bakery side.
Absolutely amazing meal, well worth the price.  Everything from the pickles to the steak was top-notch.  You owe it to yourself to dine here if you are ever in the area.
I can't be too mad since I sat inside and used their free wireless for half an hour. That said, the small hot chocolate I ordered was $2.50 and was barely as big as my hand. And it was barely warm.
Quick and simple!
I know not to expect much from airport food establishments but this one is a low. Not good. Cold and not tasty at all and too pricey.
Ok, but pricey for what you get .  Service marginal - our food was almost cold and waitress not overly friendly.
Surfer roll was good.  However, crab meat for other rolls was imitation crab.  Felt rubbery.
I feel badly for posting a negative review. I am unable to delete it so I'm resubmitting it.
Great hotel! I loved the technology here. Walking into the room and the curtains opening automatically was amazing and just everything about the room was great and luxurious. What made it the best was the service at check in, Crystal helped us and she was so accommodating, super personable and funny! This is a Great place to stay!
Awesome in every respect. Great staff. Great food. Super spicy (on request). \n\nWill be back again and again.
Loved this place. Great service and food in a really fun setting. The appetizers were delicious and reasonably priced. Cant wait to go back.
Super small and cute Japanese store with lots of hello kitty and manga characters stuff you probably cant find at the regular mall stores. Great place to pick up a small gift or souvenir!!!
wonderful wonderful friendly service and breakfast. sat outside but the whole place has a comfy family atmosphere. down home cooking!
Amazing food, beer and service.  What more can you ask for?  I do wish they were located more in the central valley area, but I will gladly keep making the drive out :)  Get the pretzels and beer cheese.  Also, their beef and brisket burgers are great.
A busy airport.   Lots of shopping and slot machines.  Not really a favorite of mine but not bad either.
I love this mall. It has most every store you would need with the exception of Juicy, Bloomingdales (clothes) and a Disney Store (for the kiddos).  Just wish it had better hours (longer) and I didn't have to go to the strip to get there.
Excellent service. I have been coming here for years and I have never felt ripped off or gouged.
Ordered, never got our pepsis after 20 minutes until another server took pity on us.  In the end, our waiter never came back after taking our order. We walked out after wasting 45 minutes.
4 & 1/2 Stars! Outstanding! Price, service, and taste are all fantastic. We had the club and ham n Swiss. We will be back
I used to really love this place. The vermonter is the best sandwich I've ever had. My only issue is that they have shrunk the size of the sandwiches and kept the price the same. But the flavor is still incredible.
Wasn't the nicest place I've stayed, but far from the worst.  Hated the restaurants.  Very overpriced, and staff didn't seem happy to be employed. The worst valet service in Vegas. Waited 25 minutes to leave my car, and another 40 to get it back
Fun but loud. Spendy drinks, but hot servers. You get a wide mix of music while they are tied to Rock & Roll Fantasy Camp, the good, the bad, and the fugly.\n\nBottom line I'll go back just to see server Alicia!
I have since been back  and I LOVE this lady!!  She is a perfectionist and guarantees her work... I will definitely be seeing her again!
I have to agree with another reviewer on here that the cupcakes are small for $3.50 each (or whatever the exact price is).  They are lovely and I love the different options, but the ones I purchased were also dry.
Today was our third time trying to go here for lunch.  All three times it has been closed   Sign on the door says open daily.
Its cool here, lots of home stuff and idea, I still like Bed Bath and beyond better though.
Have to agree -- hot and dirty.  Didn't look like the lint filters on the dryer were ever cleaned.  Yuck!
Last minute date night. We caught happy hour and had amazing food and drinks. The chorizo fundido, crunchy chicken tacos, and margaritas were perfect. Warm and welcoming staff, beautiful patio, and great food and drinks.
Sage chicken Benedict was awesome! Large portions and good prices for Vegas. The smores hot chocolate was soooooo freakin good. i was so full but couldn't leave until I finished it! Going to San Diego and definitely going to try that location out.
Went today for an oil change and they're closed, for lease sign up and no one at the place, it appears HondaTronics is no more (hopefully they find a new location)
Hey everyone Sunita the old manager from Just Strings now works at Ibrow Threading at Tempe marketplace ! :D
Now this place is a HUGE turnaround from the nasty IHOP we came from. Fast service and amazing food... We had coffee within 2 minutes and food within 8 minutes... Our official breakfast place from now on...
Need to update the GameStop website with current times.   Said sun was open from 10am to 7pm.  In actuality it's closed Sunday way to disappointment me.
What a great salmon salad they have on menu. It is that good!!!
Excellent late breakfast spot. Ask for a habanero latte! It's not on the menu, but it's always available.
A perfect, and quirky, little breakfast diner. The eggs and hash browns were perfect.
Buffalo Wings are pretty good.  i had them with the mojo ipa which is perfect with spicy food.  then we had a deep dish classic pizza.  good dough and decent cheese/topping/sauce ratio.
I just bought a groupon here and they are never open. I think this place is CLOSED. The phone number doesn't work. Frustrated!!
Great cider and pleasant customer service. Everyone is very knowledgeable and friendly.
Save your money all the lions, tigers, leopards are sleeping! \n\nDolphins were pretty neat but not 20 dollars worth to see. Maybe 10.
Good service with spot on recommendations. Filet was cooked perfectly, my husband enjoyed the short ribs.  Really liked the live jazz.  I would return.
This locations Service Department pretty much sucks.  Rob always gave great service and he's gone now. \nI've purchased all my vehicles from Carmax in the past 10 years but don't care much for this location. Hey management you might want to take a look at these reviews, especially on service. Not so good...
I think this is the best comic book store I've ever been to.  The people who work there are into what they sell and are all very helpful.
Waited an hour and a half for fries and a sandwich to be delivered. I live less than ten minutes away and the food was cold. Will not order again.
Heard tons of good things. Love the decor. Brunch left me wanting for more. The coffee was excellent, but my food sadly was not.
The business left a comment on my review and said to email them for what I was assuming a comped meal or something. Emailed them weeks ago and no response. Figures!
Mickies did not live up the hype. It was busy and crowded so I expected the best, but unfortunately ended up with food poisoning from doughy and uncooked tasting pancakes.  Even the toast was limp and subpar.  The service was fine but I will not be going back for any of their food.
Always great food. Spicy rating can be a little hot or miss. Defiantly love the Panang but don't get the egg rolls - I can get better out of a freezer at the grocery store and I wish they delivered as we are only 2 miles away.
Could definitely use a fixed \"small dog\" area. Unfortunate that it's closed on Tuesdays, but my dogs love it here.
holy crap this place was good. i dont remember what we ordered, but it was the special that the guy from food network ordered here. fried chicken with waffles and all this other stuff on it.. beyond delicious... definitely hit the spot!!!!
Crime is a problem!  I had my phone and keys stolen from me while I was in the pool at Dowd.  My babysitter had her car broken into in the Dowd parking lot as well. Both of these events took place within the last 2 months.  It is not worth working out at a place where you and your property are unsafe.
I thought I lost my credit card. I misplaced it.  The staff in the motor department and customs service were super kind and helpful helping look for it. Thank You!!
Not the same place it used to be. No beer out, nothing special or friendly. Just another sad little strip mall pizza place. There are other places very close that are much better.
I was pretty excited to find this truck outside of my work fully stocked with all of my favorite sandwiches!  I gave the midwood a try, and fell in love. Not to mention the customer service was great.  My only complaint is its only here on Thursdays!
Love the pizza, but not the wait. However, its worth it!
If you don't like the Venetian... there is just something wrong with you.  What a gorgeous facility where ever you go here.  The detail work they spent building this place is just out of this world; from hand painted ceilings, indoor gondola ride, 5 star shopping. Love it!
If you want to get ripped off on sushi come here.  If you appear drunk they will try to under serve your sushi. The difference between 3 and 5 pieces is huge prices wise. When you tell the manger she looks at you like you asked her the square root of something so don't bother.
Employees sit outside toking on cigarettes. Employee sits on moped in front of store waiting for customers. Total bad attitude! I wanted to try a new place, however I ended up walking out. The rudeness and very unprofessional did it! Don't know how they stay in business.
Pretty solid lunch. Everything was fresh and tasty. The guy who made my sandwich however was slow and even though I repeated what I wanted several times he forgot my green bell peppers.
This restaurant is amazing. I highly recommend asking for Katie! She knows the menu inside and out, extremely attentive, and friendly.  I am definitely coming back for the service and food!
The portions were HUGE! Pretty good overall. I will say, it's not my favorite (Palee's Crown, flavor-wise is) but if you're in Tempe and want to get your Thai grub on --- This is an excellent spot : )
Ok so I've been here 20 minutes. 10 minutes to get someone to seat me. 5 minutes waiting to order. Another 5 minutes since I got my coffee but can't stir in my cream and sugar because no silverware. So far Denny's sucks.
steaks were good, sort of expensive, about $10 more than Mastros for example. Scene is not what it was in years past.  Used to be a cool, hip spot with a fun bar.  Not anymore.  OK spot if you are staying at Palms, there are better choices on the strip if you are not.
My best place for a croissant, great value\n\nhttp://lovetoblog.ca/?p=77
Excellent thin crust Brooklyn style pizza
Love the Czech pilsner.  Food is good some of the staff are great some are not.  Good crowd and great happy hour.
Terrible bar to go have drinks at. It's about the size of my living room and they let more people in than the fire department allows. There is always some kind of fight here.if this place closed down it would be the best thing that ever happened to the area.
Chris showed up on time which is a huge.  He returned my calls and answered all my questions.  Was in and out in an hour.  Great job I will use him again for floors.
The course was in decent shape for the price paid. However, the service is lacking every time I come here. It seems like the pro shop is always run by a grumpy old man who hates being there and answering simple questions.
Had to stop in here while in Vegas. We only wanted the avocado spring rolls that we've eaten all over the world and unfortunately, they no longer serve it at this HR. So we just got a beer and continued our walk. Cool place inside. Love seeing all the different HR's.
So it's OK and they deliver which is the best reason to order. But I find it expensive for what you get.
Served nearly raw burger. Charred on the outside: raw on the inside. On-site manager did not resolve problem or seem to care. HORRIBLE QUALITY CONTROL.  Avoid!!
Thought I was going to have a wonderful room. I walk into my room and my room is filthy. It looks like no one has swept. Vacuumed the room or washed the bathroom. Not my favorite choice
One of the only places I can get orijen locally.  The owner is friendly and knowledgeable and the store is always well organized and clean.  The hours can be a little strange but the selection and prices make up for it.
If I could give this place zero stars I would. I walked in hoping to get a manicure and they looked at me like I was going to rob them. These people need to learn about customer service.  Come here if you would like that get an attitude with your mani pedi.
Food is much better at Goldie's,  the pizza is like cheap frozen pizza, burgers are ok, fries not that great...  Overall experience, don't waste your time!   There are plenty of other sportsbars with way better food and service!!!!  For example, O.H.S.O.
Outstanding food. Tex Mex with a flair. Not cheap by any means (about $35-$40 a person) but well worth it.\n\nThis place has great food, fast service and a unique palate.
Very good environment, you can Bring in the whole family and it's a different pace of fun! Very helpful staff and they check up and see if you're doing good and make sure you have everything you need, I recommend this to anyone it's a very good fun different place to come and make memories
Yes and yes and yes.  GOOD burger. Straight from the menu or build it as you want it.  Try the Smash fries with it!   I'll be back for one of the Smash dogs...  we left full and happy.
The best tacos in Pittsburgh.  I've eaten here once a week since they opened, I seriously can't get enough.
Had a couple beers at this out of the way dive bar.  Rough crowd.
Very disappointed. Walked in. Very rudely told no appointment no service. So I made an appointment and came back. They left me waiting 30 minutes could have walked in somewhere else and waited 30 minutes. Do not recommend very rude guy running it named Danny.
friendly staff...clean
My friends and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood this past weekend and we tried out this place.  The food was very good and the price was reasonable.  Great variety and I would come here again if I were staying at the Hotel.  Good food, big selection plus good service.....that's a 4 out of 5 in my book.
Absolute worst sandwich place o have ever been to. They drench the sandwich in oil and vinegar and make the bread soggy. I told them, after witnessing the \"Mikes style\", that I did not want mine made that way. And he still drenched my sandwich. It was soggy and disgusting.
Good place for a quick and cheep slice. nothing that special, but would get a drunk slice again.
The food is really good! Don't complain about service or how long it takes to get water & a kids lemonade from Tammy, because she will come to your table and argue with you about it. Thank you to the gentleman who fixed the situation.
This is our week day hang out. Coffee is good and I know most of the people who hang out there. Only down fall is that the owner forgets to pay the power bill occasionally and I have witnessed at least three power turn offs.
This place would be great if it weren't for all the darn tourists... (kidding)
Great service.  Great food!  Great times.  \n\nOutside is wonderful in the evening and especially on the weekend.  Inside is very enjoyable.  The game is always on on the numerous flat screen TVs hung about the place.  I truly enjoy it here.
A steakhouse can not deliver quality steak, which is unacceptable.  Part of the steak was made carbonized, barely edible.   Although the manager took the steak from the check, but the dinner and the whole night were ruined.  Just so disappointed.
Glad I got in before it closed!\nCan't wait until it's reopening further down state!
Had the worst time here at blue martini. .  Wanted to give no stars but gave one star.. will never come back
Have been here twice for karaoke night.  Beer could be a little cheaper.  Plus I prefer to use my debit card so I can track my spending but they are cash only and I rarely carry cash. Also the bartender could use an extra hand it seems.
One of my favorite places to eat. Right by my work so it's a perfect snack for when I get off. The food is well priced and delicious.
I ordered the wings and Stromboli, can't go wrong with the wings. Stromboli is way too big! A small is enough for 2 people.
Had the prime rib thank god for the potato.  I doubt my dog will eat the tough non seasoned prime rib. Is this from a yak
I love this place compared to any lounge in Las Vegas!!! Roberto is the best bartender/mixologist in the city! The smell when u walk in is to die for!! There signature candles are magnificent!!! Love this place!!! Start your night off with elegance in this crazy city!!!
I had them install a 70inch TV with a pretty complicated stand and they had it installe din less than an hour! They were friendly, fast, and on time. I am going to use them again to install our surround sound as well. Great, reasonable prices as well.
Love!! Love!! Love!! This place!! The breakfast is amazing no matter what you order. Service is great and so friendly.
What a great, fun place to go.  My husband and daughter both love meat so, this was right up their alley.  The food was delicious, the experience was a fun one.  The only thing I would have appreciated was some more choice of vegetables.  I have already recommended this restaurant to others.
Did I get sick here? No.\nWas the food knarly? No.\nDid the waitress dis Coke products ? (How uncouth!) Yes\nWas I charged for food we didn't order? Yes.\n\nWill I ever come back to Firebirds? No.
Food was so-so. Service was so-so. Location was noisy, but then again it's the Paris Hotel in Vegas.\n\nWould I recommend it? If you can't get into another place, yes. Otherwise, it's nothing special, really.
Always a nice visit. We stopped off at this Walmart at least every other day to pick up some food and wine. We found one of our favorite Australian wines Foxhorn for $6.47 a bottle.
I have been to all the Ah-So Sushi locations and this is by far the best one! Go to Mr. Kim and ask for a Mr. Kim #4. Best susji I've ever had!!!
Our waiter is delusional! Bad service! He filled up my drink and forgot who it belonged to in less than a minute and gave my drink to the table next to mine! Food is bland! Never coming back! What a gimmick of a place!
Meh...somewhere between hearing Lil Jon's \"Get Low\" and the average ayce, I'm not too thrilled.
Not friendly, clean or happy. Smoothie was good. People making it need to smile.
Stayed here 3 times in the last 3 months and it exceeded my expectations every time. Wish there was a 6 star button. Rooms are big, comfortable and quiet. Pool is awesome. All the staff goes above and beyond. Love it.
Absolutely love this place! The food was incredible yet creative. The fries were to die for. The staff was friendly and service orientated. I would recommend it to anyone...and did today to two people in my office. Love It!
A decent indoor outlet shopping experience.  They have the basics: Calvin Klein, Adidas, Ann Taylor, and Guess, but I think the selection is better in the North location.
Really great service and the food is amazing. Right when you walk in they are very fast to take care of you to make sure your order is correct. The food is awesome as well. When you eat asian food at some places it can be very greasy, but not this place the food tastes very fresh.
went here last week with friends & it was amazing. had a gr8 time. great food, great drinks, excellent atmosphere, and awesome time. i would like to bring my husband here for date night.
Loved my experience at Uncle Sal's. I had the veal saltimbocca and it was delicious. Dinning is not as pirate with the limited space but the booths are very cozy and comfy.
Decent place for chicken strips. Fast, friendly service.
The staff was so super nice and the food is sooooooo delicious. Every time we come to visit Vegas we make it a point to eat here. Highly Recommend!!
The place feels nice, the people are nice. The food sucks.
Breakfast burrito was light & tasty, not too heavy.  The Protein lovers breakfast was great, grilled chicken, spinach, cheese - very good
Good tea. Fair price. Quick service. Just what I needed while in a rush on a hot day.
One of the best airports!  Clean and tons of restaurant options.. Sfo should learn from these guys!
I reaaaaaly want to like this place because it's the only option at the lvh. please please please hire someone else in the kitchen. it wouldn't be hard. 1 month; it would be a different place. I promise. maybe one week.
Bad coffee. The only plus is convenience, if you stayed at the hotel. I'd rather walk to the mc donalds
Pas le paradis mais certainement le meilleur choix \u00e0 Trudeau. + Prix tout \u00e0 fait corrects.
Had a sandwich from here and honestly I've had better from the grocery store. You know those premade sandwiches that are just wrapped in plastic wrap. \nThe bread is super hard so I just ate the cheese meat and veggies on the inside. This place ain't worth your time.
Yum Yum, nothing like a good Hot Dog and not spending a fortune on lunch.  Polish dog is delicious, and the chili cheese fries were great.  Washed it down with a chocolate Shake... A great escape from the same old chains!
Good sushi/sashimi.  A note to the restaurant-- upscale decor and high prices don't go along with the imitation crab in your sashimi sampler.
Eat a lot of sushi.  This place was real average.  Did the all you can eat, they do a ton of fried type rolls.  Wasn't real impressed.  Go to Sushi Yama instead.
It's PF Changs.  It's generic Americanized asian food.  What else is there to say.
Not fresh, little variety, typical buffet cost for a dismal little meal.
I had the scrambled eggs special with ham and sweet peppers and home potatoes. The herb smell and flavor notes were very lively.
Frickin awesome!!!! I love secret pizza! I totally wanna open up a place like this in Hawaii!  No frills just great pizza and great service!  Definitely hitting up this place next time I call in sick!
Trendy, over priced, typical snotty scottsdale attitudes. The only thing they have that I adore is their iced green tea. It is super yummy, but not worth enduring the price and attitude for.
Home Depot off of Serene and Spencer is clean, spacious Home Depot.\n\nVery easy to get inside the store and navigate around the departments and the staff is available easily for help. Overall, it is your regular Home Depot and carries all the great variety of equipment that you may need for your next project.
I don't get it. The food just isn't good. Nostalgia isn't enough for me to warrant repeated visits to this restaurant.\n\nI will say that the kids working the counter are generally pretty nice. The shakes aren't bad either.
Yep, closed!  My dad and I were gonna come here dinner last night.  He called me and told me to meet him at China Palace instead.  \n\nSo long Jummy Tsang's!  You were one of the last of the old time Chinese joints.
Good place and good food! I went for the Thanksgiving Brunch and I waited to be seated for 40 mins. You can get unlimited mimosas/champagne for 8 backs extra :)
if you are from phx you know about this place. when it is 120 out side it is 65 inside. nobody ever leaves. \"hotel california\" cold beer good food. eat the relleno drink the beer and chill
Hungover, again\nInternet - do not fail me\nWAFFLES; Happiness
I'll revise that to the consistently best Chinese restaurant in the state that I know of.  I'm talking about prepared dishes as I usually don't do dim sum.  My complaint, though, still remains, namely the specials are mostly untranslated.
Great place. Sushi was not wrapped up tied enough so it tended to fall apart. Also the roll was a bit thick that it is hard to fit it in your mouth (yeah, that's what she said:)
Saddle Ranch is always a fun place to stop when in the area. It get's a little loud and crazy on weekend nights, but the music is great (providing you like country) and their menu selection is quite extensive. Oh yeah, can't forget the cotton candy!!
I didn't expect a good Korean restaurant in Las Vegas but, this is the one. The food was awesome and service was great. I will definitely visit this place again
Yea so wanted to check this place out with my son but the workers In there have the personality of a tree trunk. So walked out.
New owner has run this place into the ground.    I usually go about three times a week and the last three times I have been the place is a mess, seats are torn and the food quality has drastically declined.   They used to make fresh bread, but the bread on the sandwich was stale.  sadly I will not be going back.
Slow service, but the food was not bad for airport food. I had their pork burrito. Not the best burrito ever, but it was certainly better than the fast food options in the terminal.\n\nThe food is typically overpriced for airport food.
The room was loaded with dust in areas not easy for housekeeping to reach, causing us some respiratory issues at night.  Traffic noise disturbed my wife.  We were charged for an upgraded room without our knowledge.  Furnishings were from 1980.  Casino reeked of cigarette smoke.  Check-in line was 45 minute wait.  Convention area was nice.
Shocked by all these good reviews. We thought the food was terrible and the atmosphere cold.   It's a shame since we love the original in South Park.
Had the Kogashi Ramen and quite enjoyed the flavor.  Nice little restaurant and very friendly service staff.  Would go back to try different soups.
Came here after work one evening for drinks and sushi and had a pretty good time. We grabbed two seats at the bar and the bartender was great and had good recommendations for us. We had sake and shared a few rolls and sashimi, all of which were good. I'd probably return
Food prices and service still \"SUCK\"  stay away!!!!!
Ive always loved walmart for the cheap prices and convenience.  WALMART YAY!
Kinda trashy... But not quite.  Good bargains on kids clothes.  The cashier was sweet and friendly.  That's about all I can really say.
The brunch here was everything I hoped it could be. I'm talking fresh beignets with dip sauces, delicate quiche, fantastic french fries. Even the baguettes were just perfect. This will become a standard Vegas brunch destination.
Been here for about a year now and the property just went under new management.. The new management SUCKS. Don't seem well informed on anything and do not follow thru with things at all. Can't wait to get out of this place!
Service good, food not so much. Fried Mac n cheese not cheesy, garbage fries not good and burgers were eh. We thought the Caramel Corn shake was weird. It had pieces of mashed up corn, caramel syrup topped with caramel dipped popcorn.
The French dip was excellent and just right when you're not in the mood for a heavy steak meal. The fries were just the way I like them and the Cole slaw was very good. Service was great and the environment very inviting. We will be returning.
The salmon burger was fair and the yam fries excellent.  They had modello especial on tap which was nice.  The service was friendly.  They've got kobe beef and other burger options as well.
Ultra luxe boutique--it's tiny but has some exclusive items. Annoor Iddeen is super friendly and knowledgeable.
I've never been here but it sure was good. Be prepared to be filled. Wow. Busy place. Really love their good and the bacon was amazing. Highly recommend!
The absolute worst margatitas on the strip. We paid $11 for each drink, and they were mostly water. The Bartender also acted like he hated his job.  Never again Senor Frog!
HUE Salon and Spa is a Hollywood salon right here Las Vegas. Finally a comfortable salon with lots of class. The staff is very welcoming and professional. I am fortunate my stylist  now at HUE! Stop by, check it out and make an appointment today.
Best Sushi place in Charlotte hands down!! The decor is a bit simple but they more than make it up with the amazing and diverse sushi rolls and friendly energetic staff. I have such a great time when I go there it has become a staple for \"date night\" with the hubs!
The place to go for a midnight snack!
Standard chinese fast food joint... Spicy chicken was not very spicy at all... It was in fact sweet!
Great pizza at a great price! We order from this place even though it's on the other side of Matthews from where we live. Sure beats Domino's or Papa John's.
Had the sampler breakfast and it was wonderful.  Scrambled eggs,  bacon, pancake.   With fresh orange juice \n\nThe service was slow and friendliness seemed forced at times
Horrible, terrible service.   Reserved and prepaid for 4 lanes for a bday get together.   Did not see a server for an hour despite six different  members of the party asking employees if we could order drinks and food.   The staff kept saying they would send some one right over.   Never happened.   Never going there again.
I've stayed here, oh, a few hundred nights over the past few years.  Helpful staff who work hard, close to ASU, and a good value.
this place is adjacent to imperial palace, so that means it's right in the center of the strip. which is where you want to be, essentially. stay here if you're on a budget, and if it's more than $150 a night, i probably wouldnt recommend it.
Very disappointing!!  The cook tried to serve me half cooked chicken by slicing a thin piece off of the breast that was still cooking on the grill. GROSS! I expressed my disgust and promptly walked out without any food.
Great food! Very nice staff! Everyone is welcoming and cheery ! The oven baked pancakes are crazy good!! If you are in fountain hills, this is THE place to breakfast!!
Good service
My husband and I love this place, the food taste amazing we have had the beef stroganoff and the white chicken enchiladas among a few other items. We drive all the way from Youngtown to eat there I would defiantly recommend it to anyone.
Luxor is a good hotel for the price. I went last week and was upgraded for free :) Rooms were comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Easy walk to Excalibur, MGM (with monorail), Mandalay and New York New York.  I would definitely stay here again.
Favorite dunkin donuts aroundd. Their coffee is always delicious and they've never been out of anything before. Friendly workers as welll
Impeccable service, delicious food but serving size was not enough for the price. I definitely will return since MGM seems to be a lucky spot for my hubby, this dinner was on MGM, moments before we dined my husband won a hundred bucks out of his twenty dollar bill from the slots. Luck be my man that night.
Nothing to rave about, but certainly worth the money they were charging. They are often busy, which means I have to wait up to an hour to get my hair cut.
This is an older location.  The cardio equipment is the worst part.  Most of the equipment is out of order or makes a loud noise when you use it. If you're lifting, its not bad at all.  I go to this location all the time because its close to my house.
Good meat, good wine, good service, take some good company, and goodnight!
We stopped in to buy food on the run, when we got home, found my hamburger meat was hard in the burrito. Looked like something from the day before, I will never go there again!   Get better and fresh food guys.
I have eaten at this subway numerous times and enjoyed it. It is nice on convenient because it is across from the traffic chaos in desert ridge.  My favorite would be the new apple wood pork sandwich!  Really Gwooood!
I love this place, its fast, cheapish, and damn good! Never had an issue with the staff or food! Excellent!
This place is amazing. The best BBQ in town. The Baby Back Ribs are perfect! Also try the pulled pork sandwich! You can't go wrong here. What a great lunch.
Food, had much better, much much better.  Service, it's awful.  The staff here was rude and obnoxious.  I was so disappointed by our visit here.  I usually will give places a second chance fearing that maybe I just had a one off bad experience....  Not here, once was enough.
They should be called Rice Zen!  Yes they have all you can eat, but I think the idea behind it is to fill you up on rice ... or a beverage, the wait between rolls was a bit long and I ended up filling up on water.  Sorry to say won't be going back.
$14 a cocktail? Rip off! Better to park yourself at a table and get free drinks instead!
The offerings are authentic, tasty and shall return soon! Satisfied with the service and atmosphere was inviting, clean and pleasing. Thanks!
The only salon after 15 years in Ahwatukee that has given me a nail infection. For instance, if you get gel nails, they put your hands right on the dirty UV machines, with no towel.
I ordered the Chicago dog the way I usually do like other Chicago dog places.  The Chicago dog here is looks good but is not tasty as Sonic's for $1.99 + tax.
Come here and they will give you good food or fix it. Waiter was superb!
THE Best Italian Deli in Las Vegas, Period.
Milunka is great at her craft ! I had my first facial with her and she's amazing. She did extractions, which I needed and now my skin feels fantastic !
I tried regular poutine, it's not that bad but really oily and fatty, which you can tell from its ingredients. My friend tried smoked meat poutine. Well, obviously smoked meat is far behind those in Schwartz but simply an experience of local food.
One of the cheaper places to stay on the strip, but they definitely need to up grade the rooms. Seems as if the only things they've really upgraded in the rooms are the beds and tv (which can swivel). Other than that everything else is pretty old school.
It doesn't get any better unless you go to a gastropub and get a burger. \n\nThis place truly does cook what the customer wants. The secret menu has some creative and amazing eats. Well done fries are my latest favorite.
The peppermill is one of the oldest and most established late night eateries in town. The service is always great and expedient. The peppermill is a great place to grab a bite at any time of the day.
Happy hour was great! Good appetizers! Had the bbq chicken flatbread! Can't complain! Good atmosphere for after work drinks...have the games on so all I have to do is enjoy my Sam Adams and sir back! I would def come back!
I sent two colleagues to Abe's after our fantastic meal there. They are now fans too. They raved about the pastrami/turkey, the pickles, and no wait for seating during weekday lunch hour.
The sandwiches here are really juicy and the bread is always perfect, I really enjoyed it.  Whenever I walk by planet Hollywood I stop in and grab one Togo.  A bit pricey but what n you expect, it is on the strip.
This gym has out of date equipment- including the tanning beds, staff could care less about being at work, and air conditioning would be great!  Its cheap- so I guess you get what you pay for- BUT completely disappointing when you see how nice other Planet Fitnesses are.
i dont' really eat sushi. but i went here once with some friends from school..and it was OK. i got none sushi foods, so it was basicly just average teryaki fare..nothing super special. with such mixed reviews on here..i'm not surprised my experiance was nothing super special.
We received the wrong salad...ordered a garden salad, was delivered a Caesar salad. They brought ranch dressing with the Caesar salad. Not enough marinara for the Calzone and doesn't taste all that good. And the gyro bread was soggy (gross!) \nWon't be ordering from here again
Classless response made by Rick after expressing my disappointment and furthermore, validating my complaint. Thank you.
We were less than welcomed at the door. The security guard was extremely disrespectful. We would not have gone in if our birthday bud didn't insist.
Love this place, any time of day. Food is delish, just stay away from the desserts, always leave me wondering.
i didn't have any food but the wine was okay. a little pricey (but it's in the downtown area so i shouldn't be surprised). best part is the outdoor seating and super convenient location.
Pricing was very competitive compared to 5 other companies.  Great work and clean- up.  It took them two days instead of 1 day as estimated to remove two 40' high pine trees.  I would use them again if the need arises.
Great place. I had the turkey club and It was delicious. Highly recommend it. I would return here because price is only $6 and hot sandwiches and good. Yummmm!!!\n\nGood for anytime of the day. I want some now. Bye ;)
Friendly, family type business. Very well stocked. Very experienced and helpful staff. I've gotten a ready answer to every question. Much nicer than going to one of the big chain stores.
Filthy and broken down place. an embarrassing place to stay. also i am scared. i hope i make it through the night.
Every time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere, just avoid this location if you want to get your food inside an hour.
Isaiah is very knowledgeable and friendly. The hubs ordered chicken enchiladas that were amazing. I had old school pork tenderloin sandwich because it reminds me of Iowa. :) Apple slaw rocked and the space/atmosphere is lovely and full of various potential.
Their food is OK but the employees are a bunch of idiots and rude people. They don't ask for what you want and they get bitchy if ask for anything like salsa for your tacos! We won't be coming back here ever. They need a manager.
Love House of Smokes! Great selection, friendly & knowledgable staff, one of my favorite stores to go to!
Kristen and the rest of the Liberty Market staff were so friendly! All the food looks unreal, atmosphere is fantastic, even down to the bathrooms. Definitely stop by if you're in the area.
We had a great time with the cast. You have to really appreciate live acting to get the full experience. It seems to be a lost art as the general public is become used to movie acting which is unnaturally perfect. We loved the intimate atmosphere as well. Thanks
Good food. Would have been better if the smokers on the patio closed the door. Good bar fight.
Price is right, but you get what you pay for.
QUALITY. \n\nSo glad to find this gem in downtown Phoenix - so friendly, so good, such a great experience. Try it all and keep coming back. SO WORTH IT!
Wow, Chipotle sure has gotten skimpy with their portions! A few years ago, they would pile on the food. Yesterday, I got the bare minimum in my burrito bowl. The line server wasn't even going to fill the guacamole cup all the way until the cashier made him!
This place smells like a urinal and bums and druggies hanging out in front. Will never go here and I advise you don't either.
After the Quacker mess up, we stopped at hooters next. The service was ok the food good and the manager made the wing order right. Even stopped back by to make sure we were good. Its a nice place for drinks and wings.
A good boutique cheese shop with personal service and cheese selection that is somewhat more unique and higher end than most larger places.
Food was really good...service was ehh! Slow Sunday night, n our servers were in the weeds. Hopefully she was new! Besides that, everything was awesome. I definitely recommend to eat here.
They have the most authentic italian pizza I have had since living and leaving Italy! One and only complaint from me is that I like stemmed wine glasses and they DO do it traditionally in a small rock glass!
This is not even a real business!!! Stay away. Do not use these people for their services.
My wife's sandwich was given to someone else.  She suspected this, and confirmed it when she looked in the bag to see the sandwich was manhandled. I'm sorry, but, PUKE!  Disgusting practice. Absolutely sick making.
Service was awesome! It was a short wait despite obviously being slammed. The mechanics were quite pleasant and forthcoming with everything. If anything, I'd say they were hesitant to recommend services I needed. Overall, I was satisfied.
I know options are limited at the PHX airport but these servers are the worst and shouldn't have the luxury of a job.  They are rude, the food is way below average and expensive for what you get.
We have been there a couple of few times at different times of the day. Best bartender in the valley is Kayla oh and Joe is the best as well. I think he works the night shift and she works the day shift. They are both courteous and make you feel at home... kinda like cheers
Not bad and not great but okay. It hits the spot but there are better options out there.
Great sushi!  My family and I love sushi and finding a spot in the Chandler area was tough until we found Hon MacHi!
The food was good fianc\u00e9 and I went their for a nice night out and the service was pretty bad, I was almost done with my dinner before they have me a refill on my soda.
The staff is rude.  never get the order correct.
Bagels were good, but I prefer a good New York style over these. Prices for sandwich (with bagel instead of bread) were higher than expected - $10-$13 if I recall.  No credit cards was a disappointment and the neighborhood is not fantastic.
Good food, service, and ambiance.  The price is right too.  Great place.
no comment!
Who puts celery in chili?\n\nNo french fries?\n\nCarrot and raisin salad on the menu?\n\nCute old-fashioned decor, but really I just wanted to dust the place.
Great wine.  Great ambiance.   Nice servers.  Bruschetta awesome.  So was the artichoke and hummus dip.
Got a clock there for a wedding present of someone in the family. Great service overall but a little slow. Great deals on watch batteries.
Excellent service. Food was great. We sat outside and got to see the fountains at the Bellagio several times.
AWESOME FOOD!!!  Plates are enough to share.
Dirty, workers can be found speaking Spanish to each other while customers are ordering or dining in, very unprofessional. Not very fast service,and they rush you. I'd rather go a few miles down the street to a different one then this one.
The food was good and came out fast which somewhat made up for the lack of speed and urgency from the rest of the staff. A decent experience overall.
3 Years now and they have not refunded my company or came close to working on our website. They are the worst and most unethical company that I have ever know to exist. If you are ever looking for a bad experience in the Charlotte market for someone that can work on your website please call them, they might return your call.
Pricing is way too extreme.
Very pleased to have discovered this place.  A simple but superb menu of BBQ options. Highly recommend the pork brisket and the manic mac.  Great takeout options and reasonable prices. I would much rather eat here than Smoky Jons.
Most locations are usually the same but this branch's lettuce tends to always be soggy and the bread either over cooked or old.
Though they have same name but this one is much worse than the one on St. Mathieu in term of service!
I got a take out order of Thai basil chicken when I was staying for a night at a hotel nearby.  The food was excellent.
Great food and good people.  If your a local be sure to ask for a Bogeys card and get happy hour all the time.
I usually get an animal burrito, and I always enjoy it. :) My sister and have have gone here to sit and study and the people are always very nice. Its pretty much your run of the mill little taco place, but its worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood and want some tacos. :)
I had the steak for 2 and the food was good. We had a good time conversing while on a bachelor party and probably the other half staring at the waitresses. Thats why they dress them like they do in the short skirts right?  That would never fly in the US and I love it.
it is goodwill.. u know what to expect =)
Was looking for WOC's and the sales person was really friendly to my surprise. I would def come back here if they have stock.  Better lucky next time for me.
I so love the egg, ham, and cheese burritos and they're served all day!
I got the Basil Duck and a Thai Ice Tea. The tea was watery, and the duck had been breaded and fried, and was coated in a thick sauce, and basically could have been any kind of meat. Perfectly edible, but not really a $25 quality meal.\n\nOn the other hand, service was great.
Staff was rude. \n\nThank God at least our food was delicious... we had penne alla vodka, linguini con vongole, alaskan halibut, and lobster and shrimp risotto.
Super friendly Irish pub that KNOWS how to pour a Guiness. The place was jumping when I got there. They have a good happy hour, though I didnt eat there they seemed to have a very extensive menu and the guy next to me was eating something like a shepards pie. All in all I would recommend this place.
Um awful. Had chicken tortilla soup. It came out half way cold. The soup looked like someone mixed a can of diced tomatoes in chicken broth and squeezed some limes in. Tater tots was ok (soggier than I'd like). \n\nProb won't come back.
Gross food should be on the tv show restaurant impossible. If you disagree please eat at Olive Garden, Old Spaghetti Factory, Babbo's, Time Square, or probably any other phoenix italian restaurant.
monday evening in edinburgh. they were open and serving 'til well past midnight in a pleasant environment right on the royal mile. open, serving and semi-full on a monday? a-ok.
I ate here with a group and was very disappointed with the meal.  The salad was just a large bunch of bib lettuce with a tiny bit of dressing.  The meat dish was very small and not worth the money.  I won't go again.
Best thai food outside of Thailand!!  I know I was just there last year!  And I always eat Thai food!  You must eat here if you go to vegas!
Apple Fritters the size of a UFO.\nWhen I'm stressed...Ronald's makes me feel better. \nYay for emotional eating and Ronalds!\n\nYum Yum.
This club does not even deserve I write exactly what happened because it's a waste of my time all I will say the Guards are racist and this is very sad. Minus well go elsewhere and have a wonderful time where this does not exist!
Great service and great smoothies. It was busy this morning in the store, But Colin did a great job getting everyone served efficiently.
Disgusting ....\nDirty ...\nNever again.
Hey Robert.   Sent you some info online after searching for your contact. No reply. Put your email up and I'll email you. \n\nThanks\n\nCraig
I used this place once, and it will be my last. The place reeked of old urine. I'm not sure if someone has used it as a bathroom, and the place never got cleaned, or what? All I know is that it stinks, and not a good smell at that.
Fantastic selection of good food at a reasonable price. My wife loved the endless shrimp and crab legs on weekends.
When we were still living in Gilbert AZ me and husband went this place countless times. Whatever we tried did not disappoint us. Their Lad Na is so good. Our all the time favorite is grilled salmon with mango salad. Cooked to perfection.  \nLadies are friendly and helpful.
I love this place! The employees are so nice and the spray tans are awesome! Mystic is the only way to spray tan!
As I watched others eat I thought, \"Wow, once again I feel bad for all these Quebecois thinking they are eating authentic Japanese food.\" I give it three stars because for Montreal standards, it is edible ramen. It feels like they actually tried.
Great location for shopping, shows and dining in Vegas.  The room was just o.k. but who spends time in your room.  This really is a good hotel for a good vegas value.  I loved the view looking down the strip from our room.
Fresh made chips! Good salsa and the Asada Nachos are awesome. Hidden gem for sure. Hopefully will be around for awhile. Came 2months ago and food was just as good both times.
BJ's is one of my favorite places to eat.  Their pizza, sandwiches, and pasta dishes are all awesome.  The drink selection is great.  I've never had bad service here.
The staff here makes the place great! Every time I come here the employees are prompt, polite and really friendly. \n\nAnd the KFC bowl is heaven in a dish.
Sushi is great Korean food is good!!! It has a great atmosphere!! All of the staff here is really friendly!!!
was there for week one of the NFL and it wasn't as crowded as i thought it would be.  maybe it was because AZ played monday night.  we were able to get a table right away.  decent amount of tv flat screens everywhere.  good selection of food and drinks.  located in close proximity to US Airways Center and Chase Field.
Smug, clickish and attitude. If you can get around that...you'll probably get a fine haircut.
My daughter has shown a lot of improvement. The staff is friendly. \n\nJust wish they had better seats in their lobby. They are cheap and flimsy. I picked one up to move and it literally fell apart in my hands while I was holding it. Not enough seats for all the parents either.
I thought this place was ok to good. It is right outside of the building I work at, so it is definitely convenient for me. After a morning of moving, cleaning, and lifting the hearty teriyaki bowl with vegetables and a Diet Coke were quite good. I am looking forward to updates as I try more adventurous things on the menu.
Pretty good homestyle Tex-Mex.  The salsa is outstanding.  Just don't go here for lunch unless you are able to take a nap afterwards.
Staff is very friendly. Service is quick. Food is \"eh\".   My advice is use lots of sauce because the veggies and meats don't have much to offer.
Great environment and service. If anything was wrong with our plate (ex. Undercooked steak) it was quickly replaced and re plated as if we had gotten a whole new plate. The waiters couldn't have been nicer.
Hit and Miss.  They have bento boxes, but the chicken is consistently dry.
This is listed as a Mexican restaurant????
Wow this place is great. The whole atmosphere is unique. Bowling, bars, dj - it's an awesome idea. Only thing is on a Friday, it's super busy and takes along time to get a bowling lane.
Slow service and messed up orders.   I don't know if they didn't expect the crowd they had....
LOVE the pig wings! i could drink the sauce that comes with them!
No hotdogs, overpriced facilities. Don't waste your time coming out here. Extremely rude staff in the pro shop.
Terrible service--they replaced my phone screen and it broke within 2 wks. Phone was not dropped or mishandled, just cracked and \"owner\" would not honor their warranty. They only accept cash--that should be a red flag if you are considering a business like this!
It's subway, it's consistent, its cheap...
We were in town and decided to try a new restaurant. We didn't know it was a cold winter in hooterS. Yes, basically hooters with less clothes on or maybe more. The food was okay. It was nothing major to talk about. The menu selection was small and it seem more of a bar atmosphere then a restaurant.
Outstanding restaurant!! Great views of the Bellagio fountains and climate control was flawless. FOOD- Filet Mignon was perfect. Just absolutely enjoyed our dishes and wine. Tried some great soup. Overall, I will come back to this restaurant and dine with my wife. Kudos to Mon Ami Gabi!
Very ordinary place. Food is not bad but not the best out there. Price point is good but portions are a little small but staff is really nice
This place is awesome, you can customize your tan to your specific color and they can make you as tan as you want! It came out beautifully! I can't wait to return here soon!
Delicious! Food was tasty and their coffee wasn't too shabby either.  I wish they had more outside seating.  This would be a great place to hang out on a warm Sunday drinking a few beers munching on some munchies and enjoying the sun while catching up with friends.
Cookies and cream is delicious! So is the jalape\u00f1o and the chili and lime. Loooove!! And the owners are awesome. Super friendly!
The tri tip is only on Tues and Thurs which is my favorite, I love the ribs and rib tips too, along with the best Mac n cheese I've ever had.
Not coming back!!  It s only $6 and next time I will go to nail salon... Or even matc , avada school have way better service. Instructor is rude!!!
We love coldstone. But everyone we go to this location there are seven people in line and one person working. We would end up leaving because of the wait and also feel bad for the only employee. I don't understand the owners reasoning for understaffing and losing our business.
I was there with 7 of my friends, we made a bill of $600, were sitting there for 2 hours and than the manager came to us to say we should leave the table as we \"were sitting for too long\". All of use left pissed off.
Go to Mert's if you want good southern comfort food!  their cornbread is great and they always have lots of cakes and pies for dessert options.  This place is a Charlotte tradition and if you are visiting town - plan a have at least 1 meal here.
Fantastic! We tried this place based on yelp and tripadvisor reviews and all the great reviews were right!\n\nThe service is outstanding and the food is awesome. We will be back:-)
The only reason Im not giving this 5 stars is that Culinary Dropout is not vegan friendly. Love this place anyway!
I've come here since I was a child, but mostly because it's right next to the mosque and out of habit. Food is generally good but sometimes lacking in freshness. Service can be very trying, with a higher-than-expected pricing on top.
The truffle creamed spinach was awesome!!  I got the tuna (I know, at a steak house) and it was ok.  Husband liked his steak but preferred Delmonico's for the same price.  Overall, the food was ok.
This was kinda fun but not nearly enough! No free fall, it is a controlled fall at only 45 mph. The best part was right before you jump. Then...you slowly descend. You should have at least half way down in true free fall.  Then I would give it 5 stars.
I've been here twice, I'm a sushi newbie but what I had I enjoyed.  My particular favorite seems to be the Yo Adrian.  The red hot chilli pepper and Marilyn one are good as well.  I haven't tried any of the drinks or small plates yet but they look good.
Great burrito, need to keep bathroom clean
They are open on sat and Sunday. These donuts are over rated but I did get some free donuts w my 1/2dzn order. Donuts  Seemed a little on the old side I like my donuts a little fresher and my cake donuts slightly crispy. Place isn't bad just was expecting to be WOWed
We had take out the other night because it was cold and just wanted to eat at home. The food was just as fantastic as dining in. We had a couple of specialty rolls and sashimi, all very fresh and tasty.
This review if for their happy hour because that's all that I've experienced.  Love that they have happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays.  I live close by and used to frequent Wildfish often for happy hour.  I usually get the crab cake and lobster bisque.
the food has great presentation but the decor is drabby and needs to be more lively with more style. the tuna poke was excellent as well as the cookie with ice cream. i would go back for more food to enjoy.
A good burger and the best regular and sweet potato fries in PHX; however you need to provide good service.  The service is not as good as either Indulge, Zinburger or The Grind, and the seating is extremely cramped at peak periods.  The food is very consistent; parking can be a bit difficult.
This racist and fascist rag is a sorry excuse for a newspaper.  It's a crying shame that some people trust this for their news.
Sit out in the patio for the amazing view of the Las Vegas Strip. Anything you eat you will love.
The best wine/liquor store in Vegas. The competition is so far behind that they are not even worth mentioning. The best selection and prices. If it is convenient to go here, then there is no other reason to go anywhere else.
Best burger joint ever! Customer service was fantastic!!! Can't get over how great the food was. If you go I recommend getting the Oxtail Chilli Cheese Fries! I could eat those for the rest of my life..
We went to an early dinner today. There was hardly anyone in the restaurant, and after 10 minutes of being ignored by the host, we left.  This is my first time back here in a couple of years, and will never go again.
I ate there again and they have changed there containers to recyclable \"to go\" containers. :) The food was de-lish again.
I love this little establishment because the food tastes great and unique as there is no other authentic Venezuelan restaurants in Vegas.  The price is very reasonable and you wont find any place like it.  Their juices are great as well.  It gives you a feeling you are in the tropics!
Amazing show! We  were in the fourth row from the front and the interaction was high. Before they chatted with everyone and during kept bringing up audience members. \n The show itself was very stunning and kept your attention the whole time. \nPlus lots of boobs!! If you are in the area see this show!
Was pretty good for breakfast, not so much anymore. Not just dirty & rundown, but a general lack of care at all. No Bueno!
The price is decent, portions are solid and the atmosphere is good. Only complaint was the slow kitchen. There are no pictures because we ate everything.
Not sure why everyone is crazy about this place. chicken fingers tasted ordinary for me, sauce is forgettable, fries are soggy, and coleslaw is like the one in the supermarket. the only one i liked is the toasted bread. \nThough the store and location is great and neat.
Order anything with the pork and you will not be disappointed, amazing.
Hey today the Monday night of 9/1/14, the manager was wrong! I will give a lot more details of the situation that took place.
I went for lunch, Foods are not that very good, but view saves it~;)
really like the atmosphere of this place, theyre still building some places but its a cool place to hang out and grab a drink/food.
The food is great, but it's very noisy.  So are most places, to my despair.  If you're young and/or fond of loud and lively, I think you'll enjoy this.  Menu is small, but the salads we chose were very good.
Took some classes here, it's got a good atmosphere, cool students, good education.
I got a pedicure for $30 and it was exceptional! Great for the price. It included a hot stone massage, calf massage, and the nail technician did excellent work. I love Myles Nails and the other review was not deserved.
Elmer's bean & cheese with red sauce!!!!
The food was decent, and I love that everything is gluten free. However, a spaghetti squash dish with chicken for $18 should be much larger than what they're providing.
food was ok, but cost was also OK.... nothing amazing about it, and the atmosphere sucked, i will not be going again.
Their Customer Service Counter should be \" Customer Service if we feel like it\" More times than not this counter is not manned causing a wait for someone to come, they never say sorry for the delay, never. Today the girl just looks up and says what do you want?  Really, maybe a little training needs to happen at this location
Friendly service every time and I love the drive-thru ATM.  It takes pictures of your cash and check deposits and adds the funds to your account quickly.  I've been banking with them for 8 years and they are great!
Watched 3 employees debate with a take out customer that he placed the wrong order,  not that they got it wrong.  Then, they forgot to make my order so the rest of our tables food got cold while waiting for mine. While the food is good they need to work on service.
Wow.  Lame service.  Server took ages to greet us and never apologized. Burger was supposed to be medium and came out very rare after a 45 minute wait. Wait staff needs training. People complaining all around us.  Skip this place. Expensive and poor quality.
I love tanning and I love this location and the service is always on point,  I just wish this place had upscale stand up beds because I hate having to rotate in the lay downs in order to tan evenly. Kind of annoying. But i love this place still regardless.
Really rad place to have get togethers with friends. Would suggest calling ahead of time for a table. Small establishment. Decently priced food. Very friendly staff
I brought my cocker and poodle in for a full service groom! I was soooo happy when I picked them up! They looked awesome, smelled wonderful and my poodle surprised me with a Mohawk! The staff is always friendly and professional.
The best thing about this place was the decor. Food, service, everything else is so average. I was really expecting more. It wasn't horrible, but I won't be back.
Received Smog Check here. It was quick with friendly service.
It was really bad desision whe we decided as a family to go to the time share  presentation for these resorts! Unprofessional staff\n\nDr Hattar
I took my mom to lunch there before we went shopping for plants at the Kings Nursery nearby. We both had bagel sandwiches. Everything was delicious. The management and staff were friendly and helpful. The pastry display was gorgeous and we enjoyed choosing from their wide variety of juices/sodas. We'll be back!
Super yummy! The crust is thin enough to not make you feel like you ate too much. Everything looks fresh, and of quality. & it's very inexpensive. Definitely found our new pizza spot!!! Yay!
Holy cow! Why have i not been here before. Serious Slice means SERIOUS.  This is their special of the month - Southwest Chicken.  If you not into jalape\u00f1os,  this will kill you; for me - FEEL DA BURN!
SERVICE SUCKS!! Got our drinks after we got our food. The restaurant was not even busy. After we got our separate bills, our waiter alberto had messed up our orders and proceeded to tell us they did not split checks. failed to mention that before end ordered.
Do not go here. Total rip off. They will try to find any reason to make u pay more.
One of the best new restaurants and bars in the Ballantyne area! Their paninis are amazing! And their pizza rolls are home made everyday! So good!!
It's like a tiny part of my years in Japan, or a stolen Post Street Japantown shopping area from San Francisco!  A nice selection of fresh food, Japanese sweets and cooking reagents, as well as various home products.  Did I mention the fresh buns and breads and sushi?  Good!
Best thing about this place was the free glass of wine while we waited the better part of an hour WITH a reservation.  Don't take reservations if you can't keep them.  After such a long wait the food was unremarkable.  May try again just in case the kitchen was having a bad night.
My go to for Pho and Goi Cuon!  Been coming here for YEARS before they got packed for winning best of on New Times!  Legit place.  Come for Authentic Vietnamese food. Prices are ridiculous in an affordable way and veggies are freah.
Great spot to watch a game and eat some wings. \nThe buffalo sauce is amazing. Anything with the buffalo sauce is delicious!\nBurgers are decent but they have better options on the menu.
This is a MUST see in my opinion. It changes every season... some are better than others but it's awesome to see.
this place is ok.  if you want a meal better than say Applebees it qualifies but there are certainly better options in Pittsburgh.  they do have a nice beer selection.
ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS! The next time I need to bring a dessert for a party, I am coming here to get it. Love the sandwiches too! WOW!
Very rude and unprofessional scheduling department for both locations. They canceled 3 appointments due to their inability for not knowing which doctor was covered by my insurance. Finally, one months later made appointment with right one. Hopefully doctor is better then the scheduling people.\nWill update my review after I see the doctor
We had dinner here last night. It was wonderful. The food was good, albeit my son said his chicken was a but on the dry side. Our waitress could not have been more attentive. Prices were reasonable, and we were all quite full. I'm sorry I can't find one in Houston
This place is overrated. My taco shell was so greasy, I ordered a taco salad with shredded beef and got big giant hunks of beef. One time was enough for me, won't be back
Tried this place for the first time, looking for a quick bite for lunch.  All reviews of this place are accurate.  I got the Jack's Corned Beef as a wrap and it was solid.  The guys there are friendly, and the food is quick yet good.  I highly recommend this place if you have 30 or less for lunch.
This is to balance out Elizabeth A's idiotic one star review.  You don't give a one-star review because YOU left your cell phone charger behind and they didn't send it back to you on their dime.  Moron.
I have to say by far the worse costumer service possible the food is decent but who wants to deal with the server... Hopefully they can get another one or just forget about keeping the doors open. No worth my hard earned money. Yucky!
Very delicious and worth giving a try over and over again. The employees there are so wonderful. I always stop in on payday just to spoil myself with their delicious curry. Chicken cutlet or the combo is to die for.
It's big.. There's no long wait but the service is getting worse.. Don't expect to much
Despite really knowing their stuff when it comes to Mediterranean food (killer falafel and baba ganoush), I now also think of them for great thin crust pizza.  The atmosphere is super cool too - try sitting outside at night.
This is the first time at this location it's a cute little resturant the foods not bad. It's a bit pricey for food that is just ok the portions are good size and the pies are great but I'd go here just for the pies not to eat anything else.
Definitely over-hyped. I expected some good food for $50, but instead I got mediocre food. I got full off of trying things here and there, but not full from enjoying from my food. \n\nThere are better buffets in vegas. don't go here.
Okay so I see photo evidence the beets are roasted there. Maybe I just don't like beets? Upgrading to 4 stars and disregarding the roasted beets.
We were treated with disdain and disgust bc we arrived around 6 in the morning and hadnt made reservations, very bad customer service involving two people as both gave us an attitude. We as a result decided not to stay there and went elsewhere.
Came here with some of my buddies for food and drinks after work last Friday and let me tell you, it was AMAZING! Food was great and service was amazing.  Definitely the spot to be at if you just want to grab some food and a few drinks after a long work shift. Good overall vibes!
Went one time.. They messed up the order.. Forgot my mash potatoes and the chicken wasn't good at all.. The worse popeyes I've been to and I've been to alot
If you ever get to Champaign, this is worth a try. Be prepared to wait about 45 minutes, you can't rush deep dish. You won't be disappointed.
Food was okay, but staff is RUDE. Still trying to figure out how I was charged $15 for what should have been $8.95 as lunch special. A bowl of mediocre pasta for $15? Definitely not worth it.
I like the Bookmans mini-chain, but the book selection at this store was kind of sad. There were lots of empty shelves especially in the nonfiction section. Maybe they need to move some books from their other stores -- or offer sellers more money. The North Phoenix location is way better.
I'm pretty sure this place is good for breakfast, but we went last minute with a couple of friend for dinner. It was OK, not awesome. I'll let them another chance for breakfast and will see what they have to offer. Apart from that, our waiter was very very nice.
Not good food.  Only thing remotely good was the service from waitress, but the kitchen got the order wrong and it took too long.
Been there twice, first time bad. Second time good. They redeemed themselves.
I'm still full of this delicious old school edible greatness! An amazing staff with just enough snark to make it worth your while. Delicious burgers and shakes...the breakfast looks great as well (we ARE GOING BACK). Oh yea one more thing- APPLE PIE.
I enjoy the ability to get around this mall without hoards of people.  I prefer to shop at a mall that doesnt attract mall walkers, you know those people who just go because they like malls.  PV  mall offers great stores, lots of room to get around and good parking
Love the juice bar! Try the kaleaid. They now have bottled cold pressed juice. It's expensive, but so good.
They do the best Brazilians and eyebrow waxes in Vegas. \nYou get a free panty with every Brazilian.  \nI've gone to Maren, Kelly and a few other girls, everyone is the best and I don't trust any other waxing place!
The wait was FOREVER and they only had one worker. I mean literally the workers did not even care as the line started to go into the actual Casino.\n\nBrutal brutal brutal line. \n\nPro-tip: Want coffee? Just go to the food court - line is shorter.
Love eating pizza here... Always get the large pizza with meatball in mushrooms! Like to not overload the topping cause it makes the thin crust too soggy! Today went with a half veggie and half loaded with meat and roasted sweet peppers!! Yummy!!
It's my first foray into vaping. These guys are terrific and very helpful. They have lots of fun flavors. And, best of all, they're within walking distance of my house. \n\nIf you're in Arcadia, definitely stop in here.
Just OK. I think the pizza is fair but the lack of space inside and the customer service is horrible.
The band is horrible. They take \n\"requests\" but know very few songs. This band is just some super cheesey pricks. The clog dancing woman was cool though. Avoid these horrible musicians though
Ok maybe they should tint the window or something because I couldn't resist watching them work and the welding flashes still have me seeing spots but I just got a brand new catalytic converter installed in about 20 minutes for less than it was going to cost to just buy the part online.
I like Sam's Club way better than Costco.  Sue it's just warehouse shopping but this location is nice.  Plenty of parking right out front which I appreciate.  Inside is well lit, large and roomy aisles.  The food samples are always great and the employees are pleasant and helpful.  I highly recommend!
Old and smoky. The $50 promo play was a waste of time. The only way to win is by hitting the jackpot.
Yeah it's dirty and smoky, but so what? It's got cheap beer and is an ok spot for a quiet pint. The front bar feels a bit grotty but the back is big and it's fine to hang out in. Nothing special but not terrible either.
Best Mexican food I've had since I lived in Tucson.  It is in an ugly little strip mall but that's just part of the charm.  My favorite is the wet burrito.  I highly recommend to anyone that likes authentic street corner Mexican food.
Mix has an awesome view of The Strip- it's 64 floors high. It's a nice add to your Lounge list, but don't expect any more. The drinks cost more than most clubs and there's not much room to dance. It's right for large co-ed and bachelorette parties that want to escape.
This place was really good everything I tried was tasty, great service, very friendly!!! A must go try.
Had the Bugatti boy sandwich. The catfish and shrimp and fries were seasoned perfectly! The man can cook! And the serving size was just right.
The potatoes for breakfast were so crunchy I couldn't penetrate them with my fork :( The AM Bloody Mary's were excellent. I think with so many options in the area, I would not go back.
Pricey. Its a fancy atmosphere with not-so-great food and service. I expected more for my money.
Service and food were both very good. It's a nice hole in the wall type place. We got great suggestions on what to try and they even threw in some extra hot dogs.
This place is perfect if you love soggy pizza,  dining with cock-a-roaches,  and being overcharged. \n\nIt's mostly my own fault, trying to find food on X-Mas eve, even in Vegas was difficult.
Smashburger was so kind and provided us with a voucher to return. We've been going regularly without any additional problems. Thank you Smashburger!
I avoid this Taco Bell and make the drive 5 miles to the one on McDowell. This place sucks.  WORST SERVICE EVER. Can't get an order right.
Worked with Richard and has a great, easy and professional experience. No slick taking salesman, just a good straight to the point and knowledgable sales associate. \n\nWill only go here for future purchases.
Forget that it's located in Walmart, just ask for Corena.  She is amazing, listened to everything I needed and gave me a great haircut.
They got me in immediately,  were super nice and very informative!  Will definitely be coming back :)
great atmosphere, food is okay, I have had better before. My burrito was pretty big, but my family all commented that their meals were just fair.
I can't say anything except I'm glad I tried this place.  Their hamburger was great.  I can't wait to go there next week.
Good but Raising Canes chicken fingers are better IMO. Fries are the bomb!
Great food and service. The price may seem a bit high, but you get a ton of good food ! Noise level was good-I could easily converse with my friends.
The phone number listed is no longer in service. Is this place now out of business?
This place is just all right. The chips were fresh and I really liked their salsa. Nice and finely chopped. That's how I judge Mexican restaurants. Service was good, but the place was really empty which was weird. My enchiladas were basic, but good. I'd come back with a coupon.
I had there balsamic chicken salad. It was terrible i could have made that salad myself at home.  All it had was some green leaves a few pieces of chicken and barely any grilled vegetables. Worst salad i have ever had.
ok place
Authentic good quality food in an old style Chinese restaurant setting.  Very satisfied overall with my first visit.  Second visit included my six year old which was not so good, they don't even have crayons for a child.
Is it worth the hassle.. Once there your trapped.. So a view,, once is enough..
Ok for the family, but I would not go out of my way to come back.
Its pricey but great place.
My wife loves this place, however I am not a fan. They were out of the bread I wanted, Had to settle on something else and I could have made it at home  at about the same quality and half the cost.
Grew up on this mall, and remain longing for Mervyn's. I recently discovered they rebranded the Coffee Beanery (which was a favorite) and now it's something like brewmaster flash. I miss the Gap as well.
They are now closed. Reading past reviews, I'm not surprised.
I love this center and go there every time I visit NV to do some serious retail therapy.  There's always plenty of parking and great deals, plus great restaurants!
Great steak which was the most important thing, got the Porterthouse for two.  The stuffed potato was minimalistic (not stuffed) and totally uninspiring.  Waiter was a good guy, hostess was a post high school vacuous tart who clearly wasnt listening.
Don't try anything else but the smoked hummus.. It's the best hummus I have ever had... Brisket was a bit dry, the brownie was awful however the hummus made up for it.\n\nSorry brisket the hummus won this round!!
It's Pizza Hut. You always know what to expect. Fast, cheap, sometimes good and sometimes bad. 5 starz for their fast delivery service.
I love going to the mall and it is close \nWhere I stay for vacation Yeay....!\nI will try to come here when I come to Vegas...!
Big tasty portions, homey feel, and great service!  We'll be back!
Food was good, but don't set your expectations too high. Good thing it's only $1 extra for homemade pasta, I couldn't tell the difference. \nAll in all, good but not worth a long wait!
Definitely my fave sushi restaurant in Henderson.  Ambiance is relaxed and friendly, service is efficient, price range is reasonable, sushi is delicious.
The Italian combo is awesome!
Loud, overpriced, and annoying. I wouldn't wish an afternoon there on my worst enemy.
Got a pedicure about two weeks ago and my nails still look brand new! The owner was awesome! Get really bad ingrown toenails from my grandmother and she was so gentle with getting rid of them! Definitely going back !
Prepaid for 8 rounds on Groupon and when I checked in with my gf, they told me I had to use all 8 rounds that day.  Total crock.  Unfriendly desk gal.  Only reason for 2 stars is that the course itself it fun...everything else: Meh.
What we ordered from Teleflora was nowhere close to what my Mother in Law received for Mother's Day!!!  It was an embarrassing bouquet!
interesting cave like setting.  busy, but way overpriced for what it is.  nothing special or memorable about the steaks or sides. average quality food. average service, nothing special to stand out from any other restaurant. hyped name.  professional host greeting.
1 hour for delivery ... Cold
Great Mexican food and very family friendly.
It was the WORST food I ever had. The so called green chili burro NASTY. It was some kind of green sauce with cracked black pepper. It was. Just plain gross. Wouldn't go there if you paid me. It is an insult to Mexican food.
Bed bugs (rm 119)! Uninformed front desk staff in early morning (no suggestion about jogging path at 630am). Broken (until further notice) hot tub. No complementary coffee in morning.
I've ordered from Sicili's about a half dozen times now and can say without reservation that they're our favorite pizza place here in Las Vegas.\n\nGood customer service, quality ingredients, great crust, yummy sauce and all of that at a very reasonable price.
First and foremost, the hibachi grill was fantastic however it was not worth an hour wait at the grill. We were seated 30 minutes after our reservation time and then waited another 45 minutes for the chef to come out. Overall, the service was horrific.
I love their yogurt but the sales representitive and the customer service make me dissapointed.
I didn't stay here as a guest, but came here as a visitor.  I loved the design of the casino area.  Very sleek and modern look.  The shops are transitioning to the new look.  I can't wait too see what it looks like when everything is done.
Good Stuff- Very precise and warm place
Sexy people everywhere
I absolutely love the fish tacos at Rubios!!!  I have and will continue to recommend Rubios to friends and family!!  If you've never had a fish taco I would suggest trying your first one at Rubios!!  DELICIOUS!!
Horrible service.    Tried to call number and all it does is ring then goes to fax line.    Terrible place to go
Have been there a couple of times. Food is good. Service is always slow. Last time we were there my husbands salad had an ant crawling around. I was very disappointed that no one came over to apologize nor did they offer to discount or comp it. Not cool.
Excellent food and very attentive service. Give these folks a try. You won't be disappointed!
Food was excellent.\n\nBut....\n\nNo plates?\nNo plates after I asked three times?\nGratuity added on for a party of two?\nNot cool.
Awesome place!!\n\nDecor is rad feels like Im at someone house in Japan for eats. and just about everything off the menu is delish. I return often!
Lots of fun. It is not as scary as you would imagine. I am the biggest wimp, and it was a piece of cake. It is kind of spendy for the 3 second fall, but worth it if you just want to say \"I jumped off the stratosphere!\"
Not vert good, I got a cheese steak and onion rings, my wife got a barbecue chicken Sammy and fries. Mine was okay hers was cold as can be and dry, the took hers of the bill but it still was not worth the money. The server was nice but a bit snobby.
Cheesesteak was great and their captains hot sauce is amazing
Soooooo superior to Subway.
Ordered pizza and cheese bread tonight arrived 1:20 later with some type of cinnamon sticks. Long wait wrong order. Next time order Joe Mommas or Luigis and pick up my fault for being lazy.
Staff was very friendly but the food, I was not all that impressed with. We ordered 2 variety appetizers and only 2 out of the 6 items were okay. They other 4 you should just pass on which makes the variety a pass overall. \n\nLots of TVs to watch the game on made this place acceptable.
It is consistently good.
From the people who answer the phone, to the ladies who deliver the lunch to our office, the service is outstanding. They deliver on time.\nThe food is always hot and delicious.  \nThe sandwiches are huge. The pickles awesome.
Decent food but soups are not made fresh. I find the way they display their menu irritating as you can't see it when you walk in or when you are ordering! Why not? It ends up holding up the line. And always pay attention at the register because there is often an error.
I had the Avacado omelet style! It was amazing. The service was excellent and will definitely come here again!
The food is great and the service is awesome! Parking is very easy as well. I wouldnt mind going back here and enjoy my ramen!
I thought the steak needed more flavor.   It was too greasy, and not in the good way.  Fries okay.  Onion rings clearly not fresh.   It's a great idea with not so good on execution.  OK, not great.   It seems like there is potential, but needs help.
Seriously watched employee in kitchen rubbing his nose and eating. Never washed his hands as he prepared food , food was fair, after seeing kitchen in action, really lost my appetite . Says grand opening, I won't be back
Great atmosphere. They had a really good buffalo chicken sandwich!
Tip#2: make sure you let them know you're steping away & you are NOT DONE! Or no (or lttle tip)
This place is closed. They filed for bankruptcy. \nhttp://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2013/06/scratch_pastries_phoenix_scottsdale_closes.php
Horrible injera, it was NOT warm or fresh at all. I have been to many Ethiopian restaurants. They explained that I must have gotten injera from places that serve fresh injera out the oven. Wth
Good food not the best but not frozen like some of the other Mexican places I tried..Also I lost my phone to my surprise it was their thank u don't know his name but he is a male waiter during the day that found it its good to know trusted ppl are handling Your food and you...
Im in love! AMAZING VIEWS, super nice staff, bedrooms/bathrooms are huge, and its conveniently in the middle-ish of the strip! PURE BLISS AT THE ENCORE AND WYNN!
Good food! Big A** portions! Cheap. Minus one star for service.
Went to try out this sushi place.  Sushi chefs kind of rude or just ignore you.  Sushi was just ok.  It satisfied my nigiri craving but I won't come back here.  Nothing great.
The wait staff was excellent, the food very good, the atmosphere was calm and soothing.  I really enjoyed it.
went by here today - 11/2/12 and the place is closed.
Great tacos and customer service
Good place to eat. Hate getting charged for extra ranch and sauce.
If you think this place is good you should try Sonic Burger.  Better food and better service there!!!\nWhat's the hype about?
Awesome menu and always delicious fresh food! Only real complaint is that their hours can be tricky to remember,  especially on weekends.  Could be an amazing brunch spot.
I'd give it zero stars if I could. Service...the worst. Food...yuk. Nice place but horrible restaurant. My advice...STAY AWAY!!!
I guess I am unlike the other reviewers in that I LOVE the tart and now unfortunately they don't have it anymore. Sniffle sniffle. I will now have to go to Zoyo which is further away.
Tuna tartar with wonton chips is delicious and fresh. Sushi is par. They use imitation crab, which is a pet peeve of mine. Place was a little dirty, but service was good.
I have to say that I expected a lot more for a 5 star in Vegas.  The others on the strip put this place to shame.  The steakhouse was great, but that was about it.  Their 24 hour cafe was a huge disappointment with only premade meals that they heat up.  Even with my discounted VIP rate, I will probably stay elsewhere.
Maybe it was the time of day (afternoon) but something was very off today. The cheese plate arrived long after the entrees, my companion's bacon wrapped scallops seemed uncooked and raw.   The chicken schnitzel was fine.   Good beer and wine selection.  Slow service.
Krystal is AMAZING. She gives the best facials, period. I don't know why you are reading this, when you could be having a facial right now!!! Go. Get one! You will be so happy you did! And Amy. Ah, Amy. My hair, it loves her. Yours will too
I have gone here twice and each time excellent service and food. If you can put your diet on hold go and enjoy BJ's.
Last time I ate here everything was over salted and my 5 year old thought the pizza was weird(having tried it I concur). I had one good experience and one terrible one so it will average out.
MMMMMM, and I still haven't tried all what they offer. I don't support their theme but their taste and quality are good enough to keep me going!
It is no big deal. The coffee is better than most places. The food is standard. Nothing unique. The juice comes right out of a bottle - how boring, buy a juicer! Be creative! Way too crowded, even on weekday mornings. Not worth the wait.
The workers at this yogurt shop is the best, they were perfect with no flaws. Then the yogurt.... The yogurt tastes amazing!! It's the best in the valley. So clean and organized. You will not regret going to this place.
Today I had tne best hair cut of my life.  The place is cute the people and clients were very nice. My hair cut is excelent and the message was a very pleasent suprise
Nice, high end, reasonably priced home furnishings.  Some of the sales people are helpful, others are quite snotty.  Sorry to hear they're going out of business.  Another step in the dumbing-down of AZ.
Sucks that their menu does NOT describe what's in the burgers
Just your regular Home Depot location. I was disappointed that we had to ask three people where chain lube might be, only to find out they didn't carry it after going on what seemed like a treasure hunt around the store. Oh well - would try again for more generic requests. Clean store.
Chicken salad sandwich had more apples than chicken-wasnt very appetizing. Service was ok, food mediocre at best.
This was the saltiest food I've ever had.  The location was trendy but couldn't save it from the horrible food.  This is a must-miss.  Taco Bell is more authentic.
This store was closed before the posted hours the last two times I went. We went to pickup a Redbox DVD and wasted the trip even though we got there 50 minutes before closing time.
We founds this place randomly one day and love it. It's one of our go to places. The food is amazing. Must try!
Excellent fresh sandwiches to give you a break from the monotony of work. Makes a good business meeting lunch as well. And now you can sit in the cool air-conditioning next door if you get there early enough.
it's bad enough you have the bums hitting you up for spare change but now you have the workers inside asking you for change. WTF
This is the RUDEST Trader Joes I've been to. It was like walking into Walmart, only worse if that's possible. Only one person/employee in the whole store had anything resembling MANNERS! !\nYIKES!!!
Great Food, Great Service.
Very romantic!!! Food was very good.....love the assorted bread baskets....you could see the Bellagio water show!!!  Pasta was delicious!!!!  you must have those donut holes filled with nutella!!!! Omg that was heaven!!
If you are looking for AUTHENTIC Brazilian food this is your place! Also great service!! Friendly and attentive!
I really really liked this show, all elements of the circus and tricks were awesome. I laughed I was wow'd and it was a great show ... definitely a top pick if youre in vegas for a cirque show!
Food is good. Service sucks. Waited 20 minutes standing in line.
I got marry on aug 10, 2013 and it was great they were really nice always helpful I can say is if any one wants to get marry n a nice romantic place then this is the place
Bad service. Takes me 1/2 hr to get a stack of two pancakes? Really.\n\nDennys food is Dennys food.
So their website advertised something and they didn't have it...ordered fries and no ketchup in order.i called and they wouldn't make the order correct. I won't go back
While the staff was friendly, my take out order was wrong--only discovered after I was home. The fries were hot, but so soggy they were almost inedible. Not what I expected from a business affiliated with Eat n' Park.
Love this place!!! Always delicious and fast service! Split the Cajun fries between two people and go crazy mixing different soda flavors together.
I drive out of my way so I dont go to this Mcdonalds! How can you seriously get the same order wrong 5 times. A manager was yelling and very unprofessional with a new and training employee. It's dirty and BAD SERVICE
constantly good, I have a favorite and they have never disappointed. Some times I have good servers something's bad it doesn't matter the food is alway great And I never leave hungry :)
4 stars...are you people kidding me? Me thinks I cannot trust yelp any longer.
I don't reccomend them and they know why. The way they treated my husband as a human being and an employee was inhumane and heartless.
Had the yearning for Mexican food. All I can say is, \"Been there, done that, don't ever need to go back. \"
Great carne asada burros, chips, quesadillas
I grew up in NE Indiana until I was 18 and this place definitely has mid-west styled meals. Great food, unique atmosphere, and great prices. I've taken my family and many of my friends and everyone really likes it and asks me to take them back. This place is hands down my favorite place to get breakfast.
Used to be my go to place with good food and nice selection of tap beers, however service is really bad.  Just very slow and inattentive service has completely turned me off and will not return. What once was a fun place to visit is no longer the case.
Very unprofessional and rude !!!The quality of their tailoring service is poor to say the least, they will quote you a price and when you pick up your merchandise they demand a higher price than what was originally agreed to...
Best Buffet in Vegas.  Price is worth the selection.  Love the king crab and the BBQ pit.
Clean and convenient. Not run down or anything. Quick and easy from the Strip a little bit more of a drive from Fremont Street due to road construction
I've been going to this location for years, but recently it just takes way too long to check out. Stand in one line that could wrap around the back end of the store at anytime. In the last three months it's just been so bad I've decided to just spend the extra coin somewhere else.
The one in Mess is great. Not sure what happened to this place. It's about as average as it can get. Pretty bad when Famous Daves has better BBQ
A \"quality\" experience but it lacks intimacy, the service can be detached and the room nioisy. There are also too few good tables.
5 star coffee. The matador is outstanding. Great everything. New awesome local business.
I had the vegetable green curry. Very delicious. Delivery was not bad. Will definitely order again.
Awful service, food fine. Waited 45 minutes for a single pizza (wen we arrived, we were the only table) while dining in, server was actively hostile and rude. Pizza, when it arrived, was fine, but nothing worth enduring the service for.
Just had a carne asada burrito. It was ready in about a minute and was awesome!
I want to like this family run place, but if you get the daughter watch out! She does a very cursory job and seems to be hating it the whole time. My pedicure was no better than I could accomplish On my own. Very sorry I tried them again.
Yum! Service is fast and efficient, better than most sushi restaurants I've been to in California! I recommend the Lady Gaga & Fashion rolls! Best rolls my husband and I have ever had!
Went there for the first time at this Wild Wild Wings, we got great service and the food was very good.  We will return.   Thank You
Rent affordable! Accepts dogs of all sizes and breeds. Staff is friendly. Quiet neighborhood.
Cool restaurant and the foods are very good. Came with a group of 6 and I ordered the wild mushroom soup with roasted padron peppers. Both were good and cost about $20. Portion is small so it's considered pricy to me. Overall it's a fun restaurant and I will definitely come back again.
Sushi was mediocre and our waitress was incredibly rude. It was a Saturday night and they had a guy singing on guitar that was so loud no one in our party could talk to each other. Would not come back here or recomend this restaraunt.
About as legit as a $3 bill. \n\nGamble your ticket money.  \n\nWatch it on YouTube for free. Same routine every time. \n\nHe is a smart guy -  gets away with ripping us all off.
I stayed here last night. I did not appreciate not having a coffee machine in the room, and the forced-on valet parking.
How can you complain when it's all a DOLLAR ? I love this place !!! A dollar a hollar ! Yeah !
We stopped there before a game. It was good we can't wait to go again. My only complaint was the seating was up high and a bit uncomfortable.
LOVE IT! Great food at great prices. Family friendly! Non smoking areas.
Excellent dinner & service.. This place is a Gem!  I go tthe pollack fish and fresh cut fries and chocolate malt. I have had the Rambo burger too which is excellent. The staff goes out of their way to take care of you.
Firehouse Subs is a great sandwich place.  The food is great and the employees are always very friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is nice and they also have one of those cool soda machines.  I work in the same plaza and my company has ordered a sandwich tray from them for lunch many times.  It's always ready on time and reasonably priced.
Great authentic food!
okayyishh.. Not a lot of variety for vegetarian. Have had much better mexican food!
Small portions but good. Service was OK..our waitress was not the one actually serving us. Steaks average is about $50 per person but it was good.
Went to get a quote and Had the most friendly and Beautiful woman help me out! Lynneve makes me want to have a fender bender every week she is that cool! I recommend this place to everyone! \ndabluzking
My favorite pizza in the neighborhood!
If you love Mediterranean food you must try this place. Totally awesome. They have a wonderful home made green hot sauce too! Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious! The pita bread is not too thick so you don't get bloaty. They also offer a low carb option with lettuce wraps instead of pita bread.
I ordered a Rueben.  Large portions.  Good meat.  Missing stars because the sandwich came with fries instead of chips.  The fries were too thin for my taste anyways.  Also, the sandwich barely had any sauce on it.  Sandwich and a soda was around $15.
Good hand tossed slices. I like that they have oregano there.A good sign.I didn't eat anything else.I've had cheese pizza twice. The guy is nice too.
Really good food. Good service and fairly prompt seating. Had the crepes and the wife had a dutch baby. Both were really tasty. This is our second time here and will definitly come again.
Cheap drinks, friendly service, and a good atmosphere.  Nice place to stop by before heading to the clubs.
German beer hall type place. Dark and woody with lots of stuff on the walls and ceilings. Beer was good and served in a large heavy glass. People were enjoying the bar while the badger game was on, very noisy at times. If you want a German beer hall good time than this just might be the place.
This location is closed now.
We had great service,good coffee nice atmosphere. The food is the reason for the two stars.The potatoes where tasteless no shredded just frozen chunks. The biscuits where hard, not homemade and the gravy was bland.
They are AWESOME here. We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully. Thank you for helping us (the \"knife guys\") out, Stripburger!
Stephanie has done more for my skin than any other dermatologist or aesthetician - you can trust her!
Food here is always great. Place looks insignificant from the outside- I think they make most of their money from catering. Guys who run the place are always super friendly and helpful. Low prices and it doubles as a grocery store. I suggest buying some baba ganoush  to go. Kind of place you stop into for lunch or a snack.
Met the owner a few times and it was obvious he is enthusiastic about his business. Babes is a nice neighborhood place.
Nice people and service but is not made for real coffee drinkers.\nI believe that a good coffee is a perfect combination of taste and look none of witch can be found here if u are in this aria and you feel like coffee I will suggest Sambalatte or Caffe Leone
LAME, I came for an internet special and even after showing it to my server did not honor it due to the fact that no manger was available. BAD REVIEWS ARE A BITCH!
I know it was the weekend before Christmas, but this was nuts! I am disabled and have a very hard time walking a lot sometimes. No electric carts to be found. When I asked, the associate said they didn't have any. Talk about being disabled unfriendly! Never again!
This place is a gimmick and a joke. The food quality is similar to Burger King. The fondue was an embarrassment. Save your money and go to Dairy Queen. Service was terrible. I was told the Sugar Factory near the Paris was better.
This place is good lots of room and tons of sushi options.. Price is grate aswell. Good place to go for a sushi fix.
It was alright. I didnt want something to hot so I ordered my dish mild. Their mild is pretty hot. Good food... Cool building.
My first time here, its very good, I will be going back and trying some of there other items.
The problem with this place is that there is nothing unique or fascinating to draw lot's of people.  It is just kinda bland.  Stayed there - thought it was ok - left.\n\nDubya out!
This location closing.  Going out of business sale going on now (9/2013).  if the parking lot was this packed all the time they would not be closing.  I don't hate Wmart, I just hate being left with nothing but Wmart.
Okay I gave it another try for a friends birthday and I actually had a blast! It was a sunday and we had a table but it was a really good time. I'd go again with a group of friends :)
Great microbrew! Terrible parking and can get filled up pretty quickly. Fish and chips are very good, and the American Kobe beef burger.\n\nAlso, buy a growler and get it filled with your favorite beer.
Great people, Good cars!
So much cheaper than FedEx/Kinkos, easier, nicer, and much faster! I spent $25 here vs. $80 there for the same prints!!! Crazy!
Not a great airport. It is chronically crowded and doesn't manage this well. I try to avoid this airport when possible.
My husband and I might have had the worst service I've ever experienced. I am so disappointed in this place. Will never return. \nFood was fine, but the lack of service and respect and the way we were treated brings this rating to just 1 star.
This place should be planted with orange trees. Very rough fairways and the owner doesn't know the first thing about customer service. Will not go back. The only saving grace is the hamburger and fries in the grill area. Would like to see them spend more money at great Eagle versus their other course Arizona Traditions.
Yuck! The teriyaki chicken did not look or taste like chicken. The price for the portion size was too damn high.
Delicious! Not only are the deep dish pizzas great but the thin crust pizzas are also amazing.
Lazy.  Closes early.
Nothing impressive at all.
I wasn't impressed. All the hype was really for nothing. It reminded me of Town Square. Nothing special. We walked the entire mall in less than 30 minutes. The stores are small, everything is so crammed together. I rather stick to Fashion Show.
Pizza was amazing loved it , had a pan meat lovers pizza , just a little on the costly side for delivery , but great meal!
Ate here for lunch for the first time and had a turkey club. It was d-lish. Will have to order that one again next time. :)
New South is awesome!! Just go and enjoy one Charlotte's very best restaurants. Great bar, great service and the food is always delicious.
fast, efficient, and friendly :)\n\nMy friend had a flat on the way to vegas and we came here to fix his tires! The guys here were super helpful and they were super quick with replacing the tires. We were in and out of there in half hour, so I would recommend them for your tire needs!
Incredible service, appropriately priced, owner is very kind and engaged.  The best dry cleaner in Nevada.
For the third time I stood at the counter while the two staff shot the bull with a couple also at the counter. Not once was a asked if I needed help, even after another staff member walked past me. You have lost a customer and I hope more shooters just roll past your shop.
Standard airport. Nothing to write home about. \nThank you for getting me (and my bags) from point A to point B! Nice work!
Worst restaurant I have ever seen in Phoenix. Pathetic taste and so stubborn to take any inputs or suggestions from the customers.
Prepare yourself for a little wait to be seated, but no matter what stick it out!! You will be blown away by the aged steak and garlicky mash potatoes. I also ordered the roasted Brie for an appetizer and it was awesome. This is a must do when in Old Port Montreal.
Love the Tom Yom, Phat Kaprow and Panang Curry. I'm convinced they'd do a heck of a better take out business if their phone line wasn't jacked half the time!
Eddie is an amazing server, I would ask for him as some of the other servers are terrible!  Amazing the difference a high quality server makes as it relates to your experience and happiness!\n\nWayne Gorsek
The sushi role is sooooo impressive, best sushi ever!!! As recommended, we order the volcano one which is really stylish look n crispy taste. The tiger roll is more about raw fish mixture which has a really rich taste. Nice service, definitely recommend to others.
Tried the salt and pepper shrimp and another shrimp dish. Awesome.
What's the deal with mounting the pool cleaning equipment the wall in open view?  Don't these guys have a tool shed to keep their stuff??\n\nWhy are there 2 pools but a boatload of chairs out in an area not even close to the pool? This place was so dead..
Just found my new fav Mexican restaurant.  The atmosphere is really great.  The food is amazing.  Chips and salsa are fantabulous.  Drinks are good prices.
Was hopeful but disappointed. Everything from the service and preparation to containers and taste was bad. Short and sweet, I won't be returning. NEXT!
I love their food and was a usual for a while. They always gave me a discount when I presented my coupon and told me to save it again for next time. This stopped happening and service got rude. Not sure what made the same staff have such a bad attitude change.
Clubbing, not dinner experience. \n\nWent with some well dressed friends to join a birthday happening inside. Was denied entry because we \"didn't bring any girls\", and refused to look at guest list to find the party and let us in.
I've been to this buffet a couple of times for dinner and i love it! They have a huge selection such as italian, chinese, american, etc. and even a gelato station. It's about $30/pp but it's definately worth it. Highly recommend!
I thought the food was very good. I had the burrata and it was very tasty.  While I am betting the rest of the food is excellent the jury is still out for me on the service.  I will check back in to update!
Great food! Delicious fresh pizza. Service a little slow. I knocked off a star because they don't recycle. That was a big surprise for a restaurant with organic food.
Food was good. Pomme frites are yummy. I got the black peppered filet mignon and my company got T bone steak. IMHO if you are opting for steak the T bone was much more yummy. \n\nMake reservation early for dinner since they are always busy.
Jim and Steve did a great job with my two emission tests.   It was fast and a great price.   Super customer service and a nice clean facility.
I love this place, it's awesome to be able to get a decent price for your old books and video games, and then be able to go get other peoples old books and videogames also for a decent price!
I had a Travelzoo voucher for Bistro Buffet. I thought it was like any other buffet, nothing spectacular. We did go on seafood night, they had tons of crab legs (raw and cooked). I was disappointed they only had raw shrimp.
Not really impressed. Its essentially the same as the 1970s-esque Memphis airport. Its designed goofy, smells like old shoes, but redeems itself with some unique decor.
Come for the handmade, rustic goodness, stay for the copious amounts of free samples, leave with a dozen cookies you don't need (because you sampled so many things that you feel too guilty not to.)\n\nWell played, fellas. Well played.
Love this place.... Tried many other places and always come back here. Food is great, prices are reasonable and no issue with service.
i didn't eat so i can't comment on the food but i do have a friend that has ordered their bread pudding twice and it's never arrived. their car bombs were good and the outside bar staff was friendly. i'll check it out again and try some food
Our poor server was overwhelmed and overworked!  Our drinks came out after we were nearly done with our meal.  The noise in this place is seizure inducing!
This is an OK place to go and hang out with some friends after work and maybe get some chips and salsa. I went there for dinner and it's basically what you'd expect from a chain Mexican restaurant. I was not impressed. There are much better places to go if you are in the mood for Mexican food.
Don't do it. Especially if you have a PI case. They'll take months to give you records, constantly change your balance, overcharge you for those records....\n\nBasically, they'll make the entire process dreadful.
Rena McDonald is THE best lawyer in town bar none.  She is incredibly knowledgeable about all areas of the law.  If you ever need a lawyer - look no further - go to McDonald Law Group.
Great food, service, and atmosphere!!
We were there on a Friday night. Took 10 minutes at least to get the waitress over to our table, and the place was more or less empty. \n\nThe beers were expensive for a pub, and the food was lackluster to say the least. \n\nNot horrible, but a serious MEH.
At 5 a.m. it was filthy. The washers were anyway and there is only one cart and there was what appeared to be a homeless person sleeping on the chairs. Two stars for being open 24 hours. Will not return. Sorry.
Good and upbeat place to dine.\n\nLove the southwest burger.\nExcellent microbrew. (I had the Brew Sun.)\nPlenty of TV's if you're into watching sports.
Went there for lunch and it took nearly 2 hours. My salad had hair on it and the curry was too watery.
Horrible waited 3 hours in the waiting room and waited another 2 hours in the back room for the doctor!
I read the negative reviews I ignored it and paid the price and now I am filled with remorse and wish I didn't go. The Italian restaurant next door was the better option, or maybe Arby's.
Best greek food in the east valley. The service is always great and the food is always good. The portions are HUGE for the price. Excellent all around.
The food was good, service was good, homemade tea tasted good. Honestly, we had no complaints about this restaurant. Would definitely recommend to anyone in the area.
The service cost them a star! I don't know if they were understaffed or what...the dumplings were the best I have had and the coconut chicken was yummmm!!! I will definitely be back!!!
worst place I ever been... should have Mc Donalds instead. don't bring your american friends.
Concierge at Caesar's introduced it to us for Valentine's and it was perfect. Casual dining, mid-range pricing but totally unique food, drink and dessert, and the main ingredient....chocolate! What's not to like. Everything that is basic but elevated to a new level!
After the great reviews I expected something... good. Instead I was completely underwhelmed. So-so to gross ingredients, edible but barely. Will not be going back here.
Good is always good and service when eating in is always pretty good as well. Had take out twice recently and both times the service has been horrible.
Hmm .. well this place sucks. I would not try this out. The only thing good about this place is their service. Their local drafts are ok. I just was not ok with the quality and the taste
I use to love to eat a Dennys, but my recent experience was not how I remembered it. The service is slow and the food is nothing special for its prices. The staff act like they are doing us a favor by bring us food we ordered. I will say stay away from here unless you like slow service and cheap food with good food prices.
Love this place!  It's a definite must every time i'm in vegas!  I always get the whole pie, half white sauce and half red sauce with sausage. Simple but amazing!  \n\nMy tips: Takes about 30 minutes or so for a whole pie, so don't come starving!
Awful awful lady named Cheri that works there. She's rude and rushes you. They always make mistakes.  The reason I stop here so often is because it is close to my work and has a drive thru. I try not to order something to complicated for them.
The tacos are authentic and delicious. I am staying at the palazzo so it is a short walk, and totally worth it. It is actually nice to be able to walk of the food coma induced by inhaling 8 tacos. Adobada taco is my favorite but asada tacos are great too.
Its too smokey for me. The food is really good, the drinks are weak.  sometimes its too loud to talk or hear anyone. Its cool they support local bands, but I dont like paying a cover for crappy local bands.
High prices. Their \"Waving Margarita\" came with 0 tequila in it. Find a better place to eat in the airport.
Fantastic huge burgers. The sweet and spicy is the bomb! I live right across the street and it has become my once a week food experience along with good beer and lots of TVs to watch sports on. Only 2 downsides is its a bit pricey and thats without fries.
I like this place. They accept Paypal and deliver through eat24.com which is a hug plus for me. Food is always hot. Love the curries, crab ragon and sesame chicken. I order alot and the food is always correct.
Not impressed. They don't even reheat the cinnamon rolls. You'd think a bakery would serve warm pastries! Chai latte is bitter... \n\nService was fine but the product want worth it.
Great food and the service is great too.  If you stop by you have to try the soup, it is always amazing!
A very good option when you want a relaxing and delicious meal away from the strip...especially if you're on your way out to or back from red Rock.
Longest wait for basic food.  Really nothing special.  Had the egg salad sandwich which had more lettuce than anything else.
It's kind of far but it's a great place. They always treat me well and the soft shell crab appetizers are delicious.
interesting place to wander around and kill time.. if your ever feeling down or bored just come here and hug the $100+ stuffed bears. i promise you'll leave feeling better ;-)
Great place to try different styles of burgers.  Good sweet potato fries.  Try the lamb burger.
Got nuthin against it. Pretty big, usually runs on time. Seems like they have a lot of new businesses coming in that are good, especially restaurants. You have to take a bus to the rental car station, though, which is a bummer. And there is a lot of construction going on here in 2014.
Had the Italian beef, it sucked & over priced!
Friendly staff, good food, nice petting zoo. Ice cream is excellent!
Dated decor,  servers that never know the specials.. or care.  Food is ok.  Really a bland and boring place to go.
No gluten free bread at this bakery,  and most of the foods have been pre-made and are just heated before serving.
Staff are becoming noticeably younger and with that noticeably less helpful. Take the extra five minutes and drive down to the Target on Lake Mead.
This place is big but the people are so rude! The floor was so nasty my heels would get stuck on the dirty ass floor. David getta or how ever you spell his name was the sj and I'm sorry it was horrible! No one was dancing it was so packed with old people just standing there being creeps.
This is my go to Mediterranean restaurant when on the go. The Greek salad is my favorite and completely gluten free (without the pita of course) Very resonably priced also and very fresh ingredients.
Went in there with high expectations, Neil Brown \"Who wants to be your jeweler!\" never even came out of his hole in the back.  This place is over priced and will rip you off, also if you want to sell jewelry.  Don't go here!!!
Worst service ever and over priced!! I didn't feel welcomed and they were mean. Don't go here!
Great, hassle free, head ache free experience! Nice selection of cars, online is updated with current stock, professional family business, reasonable best in town prices! My husband and I have never purchased a car so wonderfully easy. Oh and also they support our troops! Very appreciative of that
We ordered carry-out and after getting it home called them to say they left out portions of the order.  We were transferred three times and after talking to the third mouth-breathing Tween hung up.  Won't be back.
Here's my advice: go to qdoba and get a cup of queso. Then go to chipotle and ask them to put it on. You should not go here. The rewards program is also absurd. Just gimme a punchcard; it would be so much easier.
I give it a-ok
lack of identity, the Asian noodles don't look nor taste like it, the pastas are the same. Taste like cooked by bunch of students, taste very plain. just like cooking from school.
The service is friendly and the food is made to order. Fresh and hot. The place is old but clean. It is in need of an update.
You have to try this place at Town Square! Also, ask for a side of baked kale :)
Oh my, the sweet potato fries, dry wings & kiwi strawberry green tea are to die for! And the staff is always extremely friendly. This is one of my favorite places in Old Town.
Food tasted really good.  But disappointed at the quantity for the price.  Catfish was crispy and soft at the same time.  The bbq brisket was tender and the sauce delicious with a nice mild spiciness.
its OK. the last time i was in there i got chicken wings and fries. the Fry's were burned and the wings were OK. not impressed the food... time to get some tums...
Large portions and good service Yes! Spongy waffle, semi warm food, no bathroom in the venue and lack of natural light (windows) NO!
Dime a dozen. Thought that with the high Yelp ratings it would be good, it's below average. Worst part was service. No one seems to be able to make any decision without talking with someone first.
I'm writing this in anticipation of a wonderful next meal here based on our previous dining experiences. The manager contacted me and offered a complimentary chefs dinner next time we're in Las Vegas. He apologized for our last dinner. I'm very impressed that the restaurant cares enough about their food and reputation to do this. Thank you.
Great food! Our service was excellent from Pierre. It's quite reasonable for Vegas, but still high for the real world.
pretty good food, the cajun pasta is my favorite! also, location is nice as its just outside the mall without mall pricing.
Interesting concept and fun decor, but it didn't really work for me.   Salt air margarita was good though.
Decent beer selection. Been twice with friends and once for date night since moving to Charlotte in February. Definitely recommend the Chicken Nachos with queso. Rivals the Mexican food we're used to in CA
If your looking for greasy junk food pizza this is the place. Every time I've had the pizza here it's been good. A few beers or whiskeys and this pizza will hit the spot.
Terrible sound system. Interior needs sprucing up. Prices for events seem to be high especially consider poor quality of sound system. Doubt I would go back.
After posting this review I received an email that they would like more feedback so I went to the link that was in the email, posted the same information and then never heard from them again.
Tons of beef jerky and Hawaiian snacks. They have a mail service so you don't have to lug your 20 bags of jerky home.\n\nAloha spirit service.
favorite spot to relax.
Enough space to house an entire third world country.  I dont know about most trade shows, but NAB's Booth numbering system was beyond nonsensical and it was hard to find booths.
Lots of vegetarian options. Only one choice of bread, but it is freshly made and was fine.
Ok food at a decent price. Nothing special.  The ladies bathroom was terrible.  Broken sink,  stall door didn't lock, paper towels sitting on counter which were wet. It's nice it's close to the house otherwise wouldn't drive far to go here.
If I could give no stars I would. My delivers order was incomplete and food arrived burned. I'm now walking this back for a refund. Cafe Verde is good flamingo pizza is good Boston pizza is great....this was a total disapointment
Nice
The only thing that made this worth while was seeing Pulley perform, other then that its nothing to gloat about.
They are getting better here.   The food arrived quickly and they have a new ordering board which is nice.  My burger was better than it has been in the past.  The cobb salad was very good.
Consistent food, consistent internet (although a little slow), good service.  I like Panera Bread, it is across the boards a place that I can trust to have consistent quality.
great food, except their SCALLOPED POTATOES which is not cooked all the way and\ngross, not even baked long enough.
I used to come to Benihana for the fresh food and the experience.  The last 2 times I've been to Benihana have been a bad experience, terrible service from our server and the chef both times. The food is expensive and over priced.
Okay, I love Oregenos and wrote glowingly about Ray's and NYPD a few days ago, but this is not them. It is something I crave every so often, so I really need to learn to fight these urges.  Ugh!
I would rather eat cardboard than the Pad Seu and the complimentary wings did not make the delivery. The white rice was delicious, but then my 4 year old neice can make white rice.
Stepahnie G. does my hair cut and color. She is great and I get lots of compliments on her work!
Executive Chef Herb Wilson is a genius! The lobster dumplings with corn are beyond words. Thanks for making a special batch for me. :) See you next time I'm in Vegas.
Walk into this CVS Darcy store manager is AMAZING! Helpful, greets you when you walk in, super kind- yet not annoyingly kind, PRESENT! Rare in LV to receive such grand costumer service!\nSo happy and thankful!
Great food with a nice selection of beer with a great happy hour.
Loved this place! Such a great environment to get some work done!
Yes, please! Holy yum.
Best Mexican food in town. Very authentic. The steak tacos are amazing.  I recommend this place to anyone.
Great food and good drinks\nIs Very Unorganised!\nStaff is unhelpful!!!
I had an all out wonderful experience at the Masto's Ocean Club. The service, food and environment was amazing! I would definitely give it a...Thumbs Up!
This is a nice hotel that was completely renovated, not one of those where they just slap on some new paint and you can see all the old stuff showing through. The free breakfast was a nice touch being that this is not a Holiday Inn express, however it's pretty basic. Just eggs, sausage, toast, cereal.
Excellent breakfast.  Great staff.
Food was cold and lacked flavor. The heap of pineapple on the al pastor was not appealing.  I would not go back or recommend this place.\n\nRated 2 stars only because the staff was friendly and the portion sizes are huge for the price.
Nice library but extremely small with not many options, I guess I will have to see if their is more variety if I request things online.
If you want to wait around here for 2 hours when you are \"10 songs down\" it's a great place. You need to know the guy behind the at to get your song played. That means a bunch of clowns get to sing repeatedly!
BoSa is better.\nI do like those preservatives pretending to be hash browns though. They're pretty solid.
Best Pho in the valley. Its a must try. Very reasonably priced and the ingredients are extremely fresh. Staff is great as well and the restaurant is clean and well kept.
Service is decent but the one thing that never fails me is the orange blossom. There is no other hefewiezen that comes close! Hooray for orange blossom beer!
I went to Madison Ave. for a massage.  By luck, Brenda was my massage therapist.  She is by far the best therapist I have ever had!
Ate here all the time at u of Pitt. Love it. Better than philly cheesesteaks and I lived near Philly for a few years. Don't walk run to uncle Sam's.
Nice efficient bike shop on Rachel near St Denis. I've taken my bike there for tune-ups a few times and every time, they've done a splendid job of it. It's clean and well set up and the staff were friendly.
Nice place to sit outside in Montreal. A bit expensive, but its in Old Montreal and its one of the better deals in the neighborhood. Delicious fries and toasty garlic bread are good snack choices to have with drinks.
Wow-worst restaurant experience I've ever encountered. Horrible horrible service. Overpriced mediocre food. I'd been planning a visit to La Casa but after learning it's owned by the same people, I will not waste my time.
Soo delicious!! \nObsessed with this place!\nFinally I found a place that has healthy, delicious, and reasonably priced food! \nI had the vegetarian sandwich with the quinoa salad and fell in love!
I've been to a few of Z's locations. For lunch, they are great. Affordable and good food. Salads are fresh. Staff is friendly. Their menu is creative, more than just pizza. Not the best pizza ever or anything, but definitely a good choice.
rude employees that lack communication skills
Food quality borders on average and below average.  It's gotten to be that I really don't like coming here anymore.
Food was excellent but service sucked. Place was empty on a sunday night. We had a large party but were ignored most of the time.  Server didnt deserve the 18 percent gratuity.  What a bummer, I will be back for food not service.
Not a fan.  I try to avoid the pharmacy.......
Wow. Those employees are not very friendly. I wouldn't go to that Dunkin Donuts unless you had to. I would find some other place to get your breakfast.
A family tradition the past 6 years. My favorite is the Carlos Carnitas Dinner. My wife likes the Little Bit of everything Plate. They have Happy Hour as well and the prices are reasonable.
If you can't find it and everyone you ask has no idea what you are talking about... It's at the LINQ. Very cool atmosphere once you are there! The boba drinks are massive so I would recommend sharing.
Most of the time its real busy but worth the wait. Green and bean mix burrito and a side of rice is the route i usually go. Beans are real runny which i like but some might not. Semi spicy food but ok for me, I like spice in my life!
the food here is amazing the portions are great and the prices are right on point. it is difficult to find good foreign restaurants in this area but this is one of them.
I've been here a couple times. It's probably one of the best breakfast places in an area not famous for good breakfast. I recommend it. You won't be blown away, but you'll be satisfied.
Fries were kind of bland and the coleslaw was just ok but the meat was very good. Overall, it's a tasty place with good prices
The staff here is amazing and super courteous. The theatre is in the midst of a remodel and from the looks of it after the remodel is completed (projected in May 2013) it will be even more amazing!
Over 150 choices of beer from over 30 countries...the type of bar that has been needed in the downtown area for a while! Atmosphere is great and the food is awesome.
Great place to get household goods that fit right in to my home.  I like the selection and the price.  Always something new.  Recommended!
Cool...tasty tacos and the best hot sauces I have tried..looking forward to many more visits.
Super slow and quoted a time and the car was still untouched in the parking lot when the time came to be done.
So far one if the best thai places in town! Small place with friendly staff. Spouse loves the crab fried rice. I Like the tofu soup and pad see eww. Definately reccomended!
Awesome place to grab drinks with friends and catch a game of skeeball.
cool little pub just down the street from the castle.  dark with low ceilings.  makes you feel like you are in a real scotish pub.  staff was friendly
Cheap and excellent quality asian foods! I always enjoy stopping by here to shop.
Went there for an oil change recently.  Didn't know if there's going to be a wait time so I called ahead and make an appointment.  In and out of the store in under 30 minutes.  Great service and friendly staffs.
Brought in my 2001 Road Star for carb clean and adjust.  Runs better now than it has for years.  They've earned a new customer!!
Read everything you sign and everything before you pay. If it sound like it's to much get a second opinion. I will not use this shop ever again.
Great food, great prices, great staff, great atmosphere. Go here!  Had the breaded chicken special with okra and cabbage and it was amazing.  Tons of flavor and perfect portions!  Southern cookin at its finest.
A great addition to the CRA family of Great American Cigar Shops. Mike and staff provide a relaxed, friendly, and comfortable place to enjoy a fine cigar.
Great atmosphere but I hate the idea of gambling. \nBeing the cheap person that I am I can't imagine losing that much money on something so trivial.
Love this spot, one of my favs for fun margaritas and light bites. Bartenders are awesome and always take great care of us.
OMG!!! i loved it. I had the Las Vegas Dog my GF had the Mob Boss Dogg and we SMASHED!!! its a nice cozy spot perfect for watching a game eating great food and grabbing a beer. 3 thumbs up if i had another. lol
It's DQ so it's only so much I can say about it. The food is OK but the staff can take a class or two in public hospitality.
Food is ok. Service is very slow and waiters are ill informed about Russian cuisine.
Been going to this place for years. Good location good refs, overall a great place to bring the family.
Great show! The theatre was very comfortable and the actors also brought their show directly into the audience. The tickets were on the expensive side but the experience was a worthwhile.
Let me start off by saying that I go to Tamari often because they have great sushi, but last night the hostest was so rude that my husband and I left as soon as we got there. There was obviously empty seats at the bar and she didn't want to seat us there.
My mother and I stopped in to price out rings for her 30th anniversary gift. We were greeted upon walking in and offered water or a cappucino. The customer service was excellent and the salespeople were really nice. If I am ever needing to buy jewelry I'll definitely come back again!
Mmmm donuts. How can you beat fried carby sweetness in the morning. There's a Dunkin Donuts by my office and it seems like once a week somebody stops in to pick up a dozen for the break room. \n\nI love that right now they have heart shaped donuts. Nice touch!
I LOVE the Bamboo Club - hands down the best Asian restaurant in Scottsdale. Not only is the food absolutely delicious, but it's affordable. In addition, they have a fantastic wine list - and a very knowledgeable and friendly staff. One of my favorite places to eat in Scottsdale.
Cool concept, bad execution.  It tasted like the they took the left overs from Panda Express and one those \"A___erto's\" Mexican joints and threw them in a foil plate.
Loved the spread ! Very satisfying and filling!\nHappy with the selection and of course the taste and quality of food.\nA must try for people who loves buffet Vegas style!
meh :/
Here's how our first time at US Egg went: Greeted with an attitude, Burnt toast, microwaved sausage, greasy potatoes, slow service....We won't be back
A decent selection of cigars and a comfortable members room with a lots of TVs and a bar next door.\n\nTip- Stop at a liquor store and get a small amount of your bev of choice and enjoy this male bastion.
We stayed 3 nights and the place was empty for the most part.  It's starting to look a bit tattered, unkept.
The lines are long. The show was boring.\nGlad the tickets were comped.
My friend and I came here and we did not like the spa. We had couple's massage and it wasn't that great. The massage was super expensive ($180 for a couple's Swedish massage) for the quality of the place. We will definitely not be returning.
I support local business as much as possible......but $9.50 for a turkey burger and a shot glass of cole slaw was a bit pricey to me. It was a great tasting burger dont get me wrong, prices are slightly high I think.
Rien de plus r\u00e9confortant qu'un bon bol de ramen lorsque le printemps se fait attendre, que le temps est pluvieux et frisquet
Came in as an out of towner. Really cute. Love that they didn't hound me. Cute kits. Bought a few. Wish they had more G45.
I don't like giving bad reviews, but this is the WORST McDonalds EVER. This isn't a one time thing either, constant mistakes, wrong orders (and I'm not altering my order in any way)...seriously? How hard is it to just get it right?!!!
dont waste your time or your $. i ended up here because Barros shut down. Large 2 topping at Barros is $13. Here it is $25.
Great service, but this is honestly the worst food I have ever eaten out at a restaurant in my life. I dont suggest going here for food EVER (maybe for the drink specials and hookah but nothing else).
If you like awful Mexican food this is your place.
Went here before a movie, some food was warm some was cool.  but we made the movie in time!!
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nSo sad, so sad!  Shanghai Buffet here has closed, and the surprise to me is that I was just there on the 1st with everything seeming fine, and they were busy!     :-((
George G.is right the place cost a grip so if you hit a jackpot go for it.Nicely decorated, quite atmosphere ,great waiters and chef very out going only two stars because cleaning the crap out of the shrimp should be done at the prep table not in front of your customers
The best way to waste your money: 13$ and your car is just enough cleaned outside and not vacuumed inside at all. 1h waiting. Worst service ever!!!!
Visited for restaurant week and it was ok at best.  The service was wonderful because the restaurant was slow.  Food was bland and wine was way over priced!  Probably won't be back.
Went there for dinner with business associates. The food was terrible and the service was crap. If you need a restaurant in TI, go to Asle instead.
It's like a Todai. An Asian buffet. Buffets normally aren't that great anyway....Quantity over Quality.
First time I came here I had the quesadilla burger thought it was good...second time I felt like I had eaten something that was goona burst through my chest...service is slow ..its average at best.....fine for belly fillings...bring maalox :)
Great beer selection and tasty unique food.  It's still new, so the service is a little slow...well worth the wait.  Try the green chili pork pie.
My wife and I have only been here a couple times but we will definitely continue going. The food is great, huge portioned and well seasoned. The workers have always been pleasant and open to conversation while they make your food. I would definitely recommend this place.
Terribly slow drive thru and they always make my drinks wrong! Great location and a few nice baristas, but they don't make up for a poorly made $5 latte. I'd rather go out of my way to Sbucks on Trop and Fort Apache.
Management was unwilling to work with us while planning a birthday dinner. They said they do not take reservations and we could call ahead when we were on our way. We called ahead and the guy who answered the phone said that they are really busy and can't fit us in. Very disappointing.
They were supposed to design and  build our booth, a big one. TWO weeks before the event they said they could not work on it and did not have anything ready. I would not recommend working with them.
They were very responsive when I had a complaint. It all ended well
I know this is going to be super girly but I love the peach beer at Four Peaks and the beer battered fries are amazing.
This middle eastern/mediterranean restaurant and Husnu's are really twins, located adjacent to each other on State Street.  I recall them as having both been fairly mediocre and unmemorable restaurants.  Maybe they both survive because people get a kick out of how extraordinarily similar and mediocre they are.
Light simple pizza with fresh ingredients, there are a few pasta dishes and often a couple of specials. This cafe fits right in between a quick place and a fancy place making it perfect for when you want a little something nice. A pizza a pasta choice and a salad can feed two with just a little left over.
This location is CLOSED. \n\nYou can find them on the NW corner of Dobson & Baseline in Mesa now.
I absolutely love Bevello. They have a unique selection unlike other boutiques in the area. I found some great earrings, dresses and tops in here. I am constantly in there checking out new stuff. As other reviewers said this is a must see!
Run down for a Radisson. They really need to invest in new furniture.
Great service. I had the pork carnitas, I'm used to having it shredded but it still had good flavor, but also had a lot of fat. I will try it again but I will order something else next time
Who can resist $4.00 burgers and sweet potato fries on Monday's.  My favorite waiter is Tom...hugs, my friend!
Food isn't bad but the service is awful. If you can get past the consent (4x's) order screw -ups go for it. I will never recommend this place.
For the money, the hotel stay here is ok. Nothing\nfantastic, but no major complaints either. \n\nIt's like vanilla ice cream, if you like that sort of\nthing.
I have to say I don't like the steak with unlimited shrimp thing. The steak is bad because of the beef they choose rather than the way they cook. I admit that the waiter here is very nice but I think the most important factor for a good restaurant is the taste of food. I will not come again.
Wife and I went there this past weekend.  I ordered the NY strip and she ordered the chicken.  Both dishes were good, but not great.  We felt like we were rushed and the service was sub par.  I would definitely recommend a run of the mill steakhouse of this high priced joint in a heartbeat.
Great place!!! It's right around the corner from me, the service is unbeatable. I have been a few times and I have to say the green curry is amazing but very hot! I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for friendly service, a calm atmisphere, and some really great dishes.
Great service, great food, friendly staff.  Definitely check this place out.
Good prices on produce. Cashier told me that my receipt was in my bag & it wasn't, & she didn't say thank you or anything when she finished with me. Quite rude I think!
This might be the best food I've had in 18 years living in Arizona. Wow.
I always get the mediterranean platter here and it is always tasty.  Good, healthy, reasonably priced food with okay service.
\"overpriced and kinda lame. not sure why everyone raves about it\"
First visit was great.  Last visit was terrible.  Slow service even though it was literally empty.  Order was incorrect.  Then left with food to eat at home and it was awful.  Fish in fish tacos was so over done it couldn't even be bitten off or chewed.  Never going back!
One waiter who served us probably was an owner and was absolutely not customer service oriented and was almost rude to us. Not sure about foods either.
I have no complaints about their food items. My two-star review has to do with the fact that I emailed this establishment over a week ago asking for assistance in catering a party at my home...silence. No reply. Guess they don't need my business.
Ehhh pancakes, eggs, hashbrowns and fruit and a hot chocolate....'nuff said.
Clean. Great for price. Comfy bed and pillows. Nicely maintained. Staff was extremely polite and helpful. Nice lobby with bistro. Free wifi. Free parking. Pool and small fitness center.
This place doesn't deserve the Gordon Ramsay name. Very average at best. Waiters talk way too much.  Food is just chain restaurant quality.  Ambiance is non-existent.  And the prices are ridiculously high.
Delicious fresh fruit smoothies and veggie food too.
Good food, drinks, price and service. Great atmosphere.
Great little dive bar. Strong, cheap drinks and the best wings in town :)
Pulled a nail and repaired my tire in 30 min...didn't even charge me.  Guys here were pretty nice!!!
Ordered a slice.  Pizza not bad if you like NY style.  Ordered meat ravioli.  Cooked from Frozen and only four ravioli in order?  Kind of a rip off.  Employees very nice and efficient
Spoke to Steve yesterday and he sent two awesome guys from his company today!  Fantastic, fantastic service - the owner of the car was quite impressed!  Will highly recommend this shop!!
Ah, The Old Spaghetti Factory. We first met in Tacoma whilst I played tourist almost 20 years ago. I've since bumped into you in Spokane, Denver and here in the homeland. For a chain, consistently good food for a good price. Salad and ice cream dessert included!
The service is good; the restaurant is overloaded with baseball memorabilia; the bathroom is small; the parking is just as small; child menu is okay; my drink was watered down; the ribs were okay; the chopped steak was a little better, but for the price, there are plenty of better places.
Just the worst. Owner was ranting in the back and humiliating his staff. So nasty and so rude.
Plaza burger was really good. The service was absolutely horrible. She gave us our bill right away before asking us if we wanted anything else. She was very short with us and was not friendly at all.
Love love this place. I have been here so many time i can't recall. Frist time was with my boyfriend. Tend to be a bit crowded some time. The service is always quick and they make super good coffee and the cakes/muffin/tart are always so good. I always look forward on trying new dessert.
Vincent does an amazing job on our windows.  No drips on sills or edges of the panes. I highly recommend his services you will not be disappointed.\nI need to see clearly through the window panes - don't you :)
Did the cheap groupon oil deal, was not satisfied. While the oil change seems fine, they were very ride and tried to sell me things I did not need. They also did not check my A/C like promised in the deal. I would go to another place, and stay away from here
Horrible service, mediocre ice cream.  Owner was extremely rude and rang up our bill incorrectly.  When we noticed (immediately after being handed our change) he told us too bad.
I am dreaming of the Red Jade Chicken and the snicker doodle was heaven on earth. Truly one of the more eclectic dining experiences I've ever had, and I can't wait to go back for more.
The food has a wonderful  blending of flavors.  Craig was our server and he was very attentive.  My husband has allergies and the kitchen was very careful on the ingredients in each dish.  It is  more than we normally pay for burgers - but these are gourmet, a real treat.  We would definitely come back.
Went with a big group from out of town- all of us were able to get a different dish and share, and all of us were very happy with so many good dishes!  Great selection and great customer service, (especially for the large party of 12) and all at a good price.
Not enough women's bathrooms to accomodate female audience wheras men breeze right in. Female donors? They will have none. Further, the acoustics are terrible. Just guess the lines.
When you need greasy (in a good way), spicy (in a great way), fattening (ok.... two out of three ain't bad) fried chicken this is where to go. The biscuits are good and the sides are too.
Food was way to expensive for us to order. Sat at the bar and had the happy hour drinks.  That was a great price!  The bartenders were very good, happy , and friendly.  Good place as far as I am concerned to get your drink started!
The new terminal is awesome, and if you arrive in the morning, the taxi line is nonexistant.  It still smells of desperation and shame when you step off the plane and see all the last minute gamblers pulling away at the one-armed bandit.
One of my new favorite spots.  Plenty of tables chairs and couches to work or relax at.  Good coffee (not the worlds best but still very good).   Their espresso drinks are pretty good too.
Awful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!
If you are looking for a bread sandwich go here, otherwise save your money and keep walking! Service was slow and the food was weak:(
Diya is amazing. A great little place! She was precise and gentle. Finally a great threader in Summerlin.
OMG, this place was yummy!  I had a sausage and mushroom pizza - it came Chicago style the crust was that perfect combination of soft by crispy!  Surprisingly enough, this was the best place I ate on this Vegas trip, def stop by on your way back from the pool!
Tacos were good, place is small and not enough room. Crowds at the salsa bar...:(
Best dinner experience I have EVER had. Not exaggerating. There was 10 of us and everything we ordered was unbelievably good. Our waitress, I wish I remembered her name, was awesome and views were unmatched.
Nice atmosphere. Really clean. First time doing a true Vegan restaurant.
I have finally found a salon after years of looking. Awesome staff, music, atmosphere. My hair was so dry and damaged from coloring it. After going a few times and having the organic color my hair is slowly starting to get healthy and no smell of strong chemicals.
Great ambiance, nice service. Canard comfilt is highly recommended, but dessert could be skipped.
Here's the deal this place is not that bad...but compared to pho kim long down the street it is...food is not that bad got a big selection... i still like the place down the street better
This Starbucks lacks good workers. They don't talk they just look at you when you try to make a joke or try to talk to them. I love when workers are full of energy talking and being loud. You make drinks. You can't be happy making drinks? Really that hard? Come on!
Bad neighborhood. Crime.  Difficult to park. No fire exit!!!!!!!
Purchased a yelp deal and thought we would check them out! We got a couple soups, and sandwiches. The food seems overpriced for the quality and quantity. The decor is awful and the tables and seats were uncomfortable. All in all, I was not impressed.
Always solid.. However they didn't have all the sauces and didn't seem to want to replace them. Seems service is slacking as well since they got those touch screens.
My husband and I had just moved here and found this place for lunch. We took our food to go. We really liked it and would definitely go back. The service was good as well.
Excellent restaurant! Great food, great service, and the ambiance was great. Not too loud, not too quiet. The beef is amazing - quite possibly the best I have ever had.  The only downfall I would have to say is the price, quite expensive.
Oh no...one word in a nutshell: BLAND!  Located in the Mandalay Bay casino I don't know how this place stays afloat...you're  better off going to Panda express trust me!
The portion of the Pho wasn't very much but it  was decent flavor. I was in the area so i decided to give it a try . The customer service wasn't that great either and there was only 3 people in the establishment.
Ok as far as Vegas buffets go. Was not busy, but we didn't see our waitress until we were done. The man making omelets was very nice.
Moved to Vegas - threw my back out. Went to 2 other chiro's - meh! Found The Joint and am very happy, bring both athletic kids and myself weekly - lifesaver with our activity level.
All round ok...7 outa 10 coffee (& they do a flat white!) agreeable food (basic, but well prepared and served) and smiling staff happy to oblige wee ones. Meals however are perhaps \u00a31- \u00a32 per dish overpriced.
Close about a year ago!
great place, great vibes
My son just loved this place!!!  Went by there the other day and they were GONE!!!!!!!!!!  Sucks
Slow service. Buffalo wings were blah.  Long wait times even though it wasn't busy. Chicken tenders were really good.  Server wasn't very friendly
Down hill FAST!  The rooms suck, the people are assholes, and the property is OLD! Stay Away.....the strip is where it is at.  No bullshit, no hassle,  just a good time.......sorry these people lost that!
Overpriced, under seasoned, small portions. Very disappointing. We had the pad thai, 15$ for a pile of noodles and nothing else, the noodles were not seasoned. A serious waste of money. Please eat elsewhere. I really can't stress enough how bad this is.
All you can eat enchiladas on Thursday were really good but didn't come with a side. \n\nI'll be back to check out more of the menu.
Ordered delivery; was told 35 minutes by person that took order. Food finally showed up 1:20 minutes later. Poor service and mediocre food. Won ton soup waaaay too salty, chicken fried rice and crab wontons passable. No return business from me.
Lemongrass chicken sandwhich is amazing and wonderful flavored tea. Carrot cake is realy yummy too.  Wish Vegas would have more Vegan and Organic cafes like this!
Super yummy! Just wish they had a bigger variety but the all white pizza hits the spot.
Great nail salon!! Lynn you are amazing!
I have worked with Bonnie and would recommend her to anyone! Before I had met her, I did not know why I was limiting myself and not finding success in my business. While working with Bonnie I realized where my focus had been and how I could improve. Since working with her my business has taken off and I am so grateful for all of her help.
Best rooftop in midtown! Best speciality drinks! Best apps! Best full menu! Can't go wrong here. Loved to come to their Wednesday night flamenco night (not sure if they're still doing this).
Low key atmosphere, on Mondays they have $5 burgers when you buy a $3 beer, great deal and great food.
We came into Las Vegas from Phoenix and found this gem of a store. They were very well stocked with games for anyone's taste and the staff was extremely knowledgeable about their stock and the game industry.
For you George!!  Exquisite milkshakes, vast selection, apparently stay away from the pork!
I was in the market for a new stylist and when I saw a groupon for R Salon, I decided to check them out. I'm so glad that I did! Nathan did an amazing job. I LOVE my new cut and my hair feels amazing.  Thank you! I've already made my next appointment!
Took the BF here to get a guitar. Took forever to get it but once he did, he was happy. He said it tasted good but he ended up getting sick by the end of the night. Not drunk sick. Like sick to his stomach sick.
This is our favorite Thai spot when shopping at Galleria mall.  Server knows our order and is always happy to see us and makes us feel welcome.
It was such a cute little place.. Very homey and the food was delicious.. Definitely will come back to try other food on the menu.. The red velvet pancake was awesomeeeee.. But maybe im biased because i love red velvet.. Definitely worth the try.
Panera Bread wannabes. Food was OK and coffee was Eh. Not large portions for price. Free chocolate chip cookie was a nice touch and the orange scone was good. Broccoli cheddar soup was pretty good. Would not come back.
long time whiting to get help
Love bowling there!!! Great staff and bowling pro shop. If you really love to bowl and have a great time this is the place. Been bowling there since 90's when it was private to the new Brunswick ownership Awsome new look and nice arcade and pool tables!!! Would recommend it to all.
Good old greasy spoon type breakfast food.  The place has an old school vibe.  Not a bad choice if you are in the area.
Visited Napoli  near Sahara ordered a pizza to go,please check your pizza before you leave. My pizza was awful,it taste like it was not freshly made,I was very disappointed
The staff was extremely rude and the service was slow even though me and my friend were the only clients. My burrito was ok, nothing special but my friend's quesadilla was a joke. Never coming back.
Delicious!  My favorite items here are the tacos, guacamole, and margaritas.  I have had many other menu items as well and it is all good!
Very cool out of the way place.  I think they cater more to the professional crowd that does entire landscapes and backyard makeovers.  This place has EVERYTHING!  Come here if you are planning to make changes.  It is an excellent idea stimulator.
To say the least... WORST SERVICE EVER!! Unprofessional on the phone and in person! Do not use them many other places that are better and treat you right!
They put paprika on the frites and have American flags behind the bar. 50% French 50% ?\n\nFor real French food check out the French grocery on 7th ave in downtown Phoenix. They didn't have as much $ to sink into the ambiance, but quality is top notch.
Unfriendly and poor customer service.
It's burgers in plastic baskets. Enough said. If you ever take your girlfriend here dont ever expect to get married. Ever. It's a kids place. Expect to hear bitchy little kids all night.
The food might be good here but I couldn't have stayed to eat anything. The place was so smokey I had to leave. I was surprised an establishment in the city was allowing smoking. I thought there was an ordanance about that?
Poorly laid out course with landscaping that is unkept. Disrespectful management. Overall bad experience. Don't make the mistake of going here
Another sushi place. The quality of the fish was ok. Had the poke salad and the tuna they used wasn't all that great. Might have to give it another try maybe..
\"The food channel lied to me\". The chicken and waffels kind of suck and it took lil over 20 min for my food to come \"and no it was not busy\" maybe it was the cook I don't know I'll give it a try one more time. \"maybe\"
Service excellent.  Food is below average, mostly due to very inconsistent meat temperatures.  When you pay these prices for steaks, you have an expectation of accurate meat temps.  The sauce that goes with the ribeye is fantastic.
Very nice consistent meal.  We ate breakfast as we usually do when we come to Denny's.  It's a good place to bring the family and get a good meal at a reasonable price.  I had to lower a star for the slow service due to lack of staffing.
Hands down my favorite place to grab either a burger or italian beef in the valley.
When in Vegas a MUST stop in place !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Had about as much atmosphere as a walk-in fridge, so we turned around and went to Centurion.\n\nSure the house looks nice from the outside, but inside comfort and vibe did nothing to make us want to stay.
Even though I want to get on their yelpper of the week board, I don't have anything bad to say. I love the drinks they were spot on, and the bartenders really knew their stuff. The great thing was finding a place that loves doing classic drinks, but making them awesome. Cool atmosphere cool bar,
-Good selection from different Dealers.\n\n-Small and not overwhelming.\n\n-Friendly cashier guy.\n\n-Plenty of parking in the back.
I tried fried chicken & fried fish in hot sauce. It was delicious but kind of too salty for certain ppl. Anyway I would like to try other menus in Kan bai.
This place has some of the best Thai food I have ever eaten!  The service was amazing!  I did not like some of the vegetables in the dishes I ordered so the dishes were made with exactly the vegetables I wanted.  They do not serve alcohol but you can bring your own beer or wine.  I would highly recommend this place!
Fresh and delicious! Good location and good prices too! Worth a try for a quick bite
They change the new owner ,all new nail tech ,new pedi chair,everything new ....very nice and clean
Nothing special. Average food. Minimal beer selection.
Great comfortable seating, but WOW every theater in here smells like urine! Bad! Get lots of popcorn to cover up the stench.
Terrible service. Short tempers with two different guys working there. The vegan options are pretty limited and expensive. They charge a lot extra per topping. And a lot extra if you want the vegan cheese. Also no tap water only bottled. Pizza wasn't bad.
Mary was absolutely wonderful! The salon is chic and stylish and she was great with my extensions. My new fave place!
Get the children out from behind the counter. They were pawing all the cookies! Gross! Got two breakfast sandwiches that were about as good as I make at home. Very mediocre overall. Usually I like a family run business, but the whole crew was there, one was working, and it just wasn't a pleasant experience overall.
Tourist trap. Burger is underseasoned. Calamari does not look like calamari. Overpriced. Eat at Gordon Ramseys Burgr instead they have the same price point.
Coming from New Mexico, Mexican food is in my DNA. I have tried many things here but I come for one thing and that is the bean and cheese burrito! Tastes like it came from my mothers kitchen!
This place back in 2005 was the spot that started it all downtown. Now the last couple years it's been a joke. Drinks suck the crowd is pretty bad too.
Service and customer recovery skills are poor. Insulting your customers, making excuses and forgetting to wait on them are all great reason to remove you from our list of regular restaurants to visit and recommend. Food is good and we considered this one of our regular favorites (that we recommended to everyone) until our recent visit.
So I returned a year later.   \nSteak is still good.  Salad is still the bomb.  I had the single lobster tail this time.  Perfection. \n\nThanks Hugo's.
Great taste\nHuge amount \nAnd inexpensive \n\nI do not think I cam ask more.\n\nBut plan ahead, it is quite busy
This is my go to spot in Charlotte for Jamaican Cuisine. The food is always fresh and the service is A-1. I only wish that they would hire more cooks or create a faster prep time so the wait isn't soo extensive.
Amuse Bouche Bistro caters the most incredible Thanksgiving meal I've ever had! Not just the traditional turkey but and wonderful tender lamb as well! All the sides were just as delicious!
Worst service ever.  I grew up on sushi and the food in this place was just not good enough to visit again especially after the horrendous service.  I understand Korean fluently and I did not appreciate some of the things the employees were saying about the customers.
I absolutely love this place! Since the minute you walk in it is so cute and different. They great you with an edible menu and you choose your main dessert for your 3 course deal. It is very small so it makes it more exclusive. They only serve dessert so if you are looking for food you are at the wrong place :)
I ate several times here. Every time the restaurant surprised me. All chef specials are amazing, and I enjoyed dim sum like pot stickers and mini buns. It tastes like real Chinese food since I come from China.
Fun little place.  As someone that has recently been introduced to juicing, I found this place really cool.  The combination of both a \"juice bar\" which is why I went there and having a lot of traditional food choices fun to salivate to.
This is a cool little bar that is too far away from...anything really. Its a bar that most people have to drive to. Most of the regulars live within walking distance and are pretty cool, for bar regulars. \n\nThe bartenders and wait staff are excellent and make me wish that going there was easier.
Went to Jazz Club nice building but waiter droped off round of drinks and food menu and never came back. The room is ok but not a Jazz Club and when it was over it took us a good half hour to get a cab. Its new I will give it sometime and try again.
My husband ordered two tacos: one chicken, one veggie. He could barely choke down the chicken and had to send the veggie back to be redone. I had a steak quisidella which was so dissapointing! Tasted like they used Steakems or something. The employees kept hiding in the backroom.
You feel like your in downtown Detroit when you come here nowadays. It used to be classy place with good martini drinks. Now its a trashy place that serves watered down ones..
Fastest delivery ever! The food is terrific and the price hasn't change since i started coming here in 2008. Mongolian beef, ribs, pork fried rice and all their appatizers are my favorites. They also have a special spicy sauce you need to ask for and you should. You simply can't go wrong!
Horrible bartending service. Over-priced drinks, $36 for two redbull and vodkas. It took about 15 minutes before I had my drink, they were not busy. The only decent thing was the fact that it was a roof top bar overlooking tiny downtown Charlotte.
I'm not sure why this place is so popular.  I waited an hour for an average breakfast.  I just ordered eggs, bacon and potatoes. I didn't try any of the more creative options. I will give this place another try, and order some of the specialty items; but I don't expect my opinion to change much.
Great customer service with the new owners! Make you feel at home and the prices are great. Very clean too. I used to go across the street and after they were always too busy I decided to try this place and I'm glad I did! Great service and great customer service!
Those guys are the worst on the street. Staff and the manger Jason are Ridiculous, Rude, and attitude all the way. I will never step in to this place with the way how they do things. I don't know how they would hire those idiots to run this place
If you're looking for good pizza (tried the Quattro Formaggi; taleggio, cacio, ricotta, mozzarella) and (Italian) beer on the strip, this place won't disappoint. With great service and great food, I'll definitely return.
Great food!  BBQ pizza and fontina burger wonderful.  Need more places like this closer to home!
The food was excellent, the ambiance cozy.  Great for date night!
The skinny... the street tacos are AMAZING and the bartenders are very friendly and attentive. Great happy hour for a quick stop in the afternoon!  Love Love Love the atmosphere. Open air.  Not your usual Mexican restaurant.  Tequila with a twist! We enjoy the experience and will always come back.
Tucker was an excellent real estate agent to work with while my husband and I were searching for a home. He was attentive, detailed and informed. I would recommend him to anyone looking for an agent who excels in customer service and knowledge of the business.
Nails came out a little sloppy. I agreed to $25 full set and they charged me for $35. Customer service sucks! They make no conversation and are not friendly.
Great happy hour specials and the food is great and worh the price.  The 15$ sangria pitchers go far
Best Subway on this side of town.  Everyone speaks English too which helps.  The only annoying thing is it seems like they are always training someone on the cash register which slows things down a lot when there's only two employees working. They make my sandwich quicker than they check me out sometimes so for that they lose one star.
We use this as one of our staple restaurants. Better than average food and good service. It is noisy because of the poor ceiling design, but other than that it's a good place to go for a quick dinner, lunch, or happy hour.
Pretty basic pizza
Overpriced ($9 for yellowtail) and quality below average.  This is my second bad food experience at the Golden Nuget.  Going back to the Wynn.
Abuela's Tacos has a simple and delicious menu. Everything is extremely fresh and delicious. I love the asada fries and I make sure to get a meal there at least once a week. Delicious, affordable and the owner is the nicest last that you can meet. A great overall experience.
This place really is not a good place to go or be. The waitstaff suck and all I can say is dont go!!
Pretty good food but the place is so run down I almost did not want to eat there.  Unique concept though.
Great place to get nails done. Was in town and wanted to get my nails done. Walked in had to wait, but I wasn't in a hurry. They did an awesome job!!! Will come back if I'm in town again.
I'm from Atlanta visiting at a convention downtown and tried this place as a recommendation. The food was outstanding and the service was excellent.  Worth the short drive to sit outside in the pleasant weather this time of year.  Would definitely recommend.
Weak.  Overpriced and forced to wait for everything.  Other than the game of \"Fake or Real?\" that we played the entire time we were here this place sucked.  Two stars because the only good part of the festival came in pairs.
This place is immaculate.  Not a speck of dust to be found.  The staff isn't the perkiest, but they are very professional.  I would go back just to buy new jewelry.  Their selection is good quality and vast.  Overall my experience with them was a positive one.
It's walmart
Horrible service. Waited for soft drinks and waited unusually long for the meal. Also ordered a side of sour cream. Ridiculously small. Overall food was average, bland chain Mexican food. Will not be back. Ever. Too many other fine Mexican restaurants in the area. Adios!
Four stars because it is my fav mall in Vegas- the store selection is fabulous. I took off one star because it takes forever to get around this place and the layout is confusing.
Disappointed with the bitter coffee and less than desirable ambiance.  It is loud and uncomfortable inside.
Disappointing food for the price.  I've had better Jambalaya out of a box.   I had high expectations but was thoroughly underwhelmed.
First class food!!  Great atmosphere.  Very positive Italian atmosphere!   Will TAKE FRIENDS  there!
I thought this place was going to phenomenal... It just wasn't. I think I would rather go to Smashburger. You get
I recommend this place as a must go only because you get great views of the strip take some photos and then leave. Except for the views which are amazing there is nothing else going for it.
What took me so long to give it 5 stars?? Aiello's is now my go-to place for dates and visiting family. They're always wowed!
My wife pretty much buys all her makeup from Mac.  I might be biased but she's pretty hot.  So anything that helps her look as good as she does is 5 stars in my book!!!!
Ate at kitchen table for 40th birthday. Great experience. The sous chef was a little nervous but the sommelier was great. Definitely get the wine pairing. Filet mignon with mushrooms and foie gras was a great combination of flavors. Desserts are amazing. Thanks Delmonico!
didn't have any problems here first time being at a Indian restaurant and i enjoyed it
Place is cool..needs a bit more vibe music..but is clean and has great cigars ! all men should stop by !!
It's Mexican on Central - pretty good compared to a lot of other places, but not as good as others. Went with a Groupon and probably won't be back just because the service was very poor.
Horrible service. Uncomfortable seats. Supervisor very rude. Not a good experience. Will definitely not go there anymore.
I love this place. They have the cheapest and best breakfast food I've ever had. They make the best bacon in all the land!!
This is a fantastic place to go.  They really care about their customers and the food is out of this world.  The Salmon and Lobster Mac and Cheese YUM!!!
This sushi bar is awesome! We sat outside in the patio area and It's right by the mall across the street from The Wynn hotel and casino. Their sashimi is very good and my favorite! Everything was so fresh! The employees were very attentive considering how busy they were. We're definitely going back.
Went here for pre-employment drug screen.  Nice clean environment with a very pleasant receptionist.  Dropping a few stars since I arrived 5 minutes after they opened, just moments after another person arrived.  The rest of the waiting area was empty, yet we had to wait almost a half hour to be taken to the back.
Cool atmosphere, good food
The burgers are Meh, the fries are awesome. Maybe they should be called SmashFries? But the staff is nice and place is clean.
Sienna Mercato is a nice building/market with 2 restaurants (Emperio - a meatball joint and Mezzo) and a Il Tetto (a roof top garden).
Good simple pizzas and salads at good prices. Friendly staff
Micky D's should all be the same, but this one in the 10 plus year I've been going there has about the most stand offish unfriendly people ever. It starts from the top so I guess the owners just don't care if there employees are unfriendly.
Pei Wei is good Asian food. Everybody can find a suitable dish, even vegetarians. The brown rice is perfect every time. The chopsticks are made from quality wood. The napkins are huge and thick. I only wish they would bring back the scallops!
Went for lunch. Wife order Cobb salad. I order prime rib open face sandwich. Slow but food finally came. Wife looked salad and said no eggs or avocados  waiter said they were out. I could not cut prime rib with steak knife  did bring another. Worse than first. Left hungry
Super friendly service, everyone smiling. Damn good burger, nicely seasoned fries. Banana shake makes me feel like a got a week's worth of potassium in one go.
had a great brunch there when the line was too long at matt's, awesome alternative if you like booze for breakfast like i do ;)
Great and super helpful service gets this place an ok in my book.. I said no thanks to chips and they explained that i get them any way, kudos!
The bread, croissants, and pastries are all out of this world at La Gourmandine.  Absolutely must stop in shop for anyone in the Pittsburgh region.  So many delicious choices and the staff are friendly.  Whenever i go on a morning walk around Lawrenceville, I always seem to find myself stopping in for a pastry.
It's always like girl Christmas when shopping here. The employees are friendly, knowledgeable, and willing to advise on different looks. If you're a makeup buff, this is your happy place.
chicken is chopped to bits... and does not cover the whole bowl and its very little... not enough chicken to go with my rice.... this place has watered down sauce......
Wow..... We really changed things up and ate an early dinner at the bar!  Fred is awesome... And attentive to excellent customer service!
The Hostess and waitresses suck and they're retarded, for this kind of place really goes without saying. Another hooters chicks with big tits and bad attitudes place!.. The 29 degree slushy beer idea is one of the dumbest things I've ever seen in a sports bar. Don't do it
Their combo meals suck you, don't have a choice what you want in it. Also their chicken adobo sucks. If their chicken is their specialty then why does the chicken adobo taste different from the sauce which also sucks.
Awesome blend of size and intimacy for concerts.
In my opinion the best Thai place in AZ.  Very healthy portions, very flavorful food, very friendly staff.
Nice little restaurant with pretty good ambiance. The servers are always prompt & friendly, Japanese & Chinese food is pretty much as good as it gets in little Casa Grande. Sushi is ok. Try their \"New\" menu- the Mifun dishes are delicious.
Lots of food selections, quickly moved through security, and you can gamble in the terminal (if thats your sorta thing).
Breakfast buffet: mini donuts!!!!\nGreat service and great breakfast buffet. A bit of a \"break\" from typical Vegas.
Great service...quality food....family friendly atmosphere.:)
Terrible for your business. They won't bundle you and will charge lots of money and then charge you a termination fee of $200. I wish I could give a zero. They charged me $160 more a month than Cox. Service was good, but billing issues are a nightmare to deal with.
Filet Mignon...fucken delicious! melts in your mouth\nThe nut shots...strong and mmmmmmm\nthe anti pasto plate....goes great with the bread!!!!
After ihop shut down on campus, Perkins is an alternative for brunch. I ve never been here for lunch and dinner so far.
Overpriced in comparison to a regular Starbucks and unfriendly employees to make it even more special.
The oysters were good but the cocktail sauce they give you was just okay. The oysters also had a slimy look/feel to it. \n\nThe combo pan roast was delicious though. I highly recommend it. You can order one and split it with a friend.
The red velvet was not super moist but for the day it met my sugar cravings! :-)
Mct oil buy 2 get the second half off. Good deal. The employees were pestering me to buy stuff even after I told them I knew what I was looking for.
Cashiers office was very helpful. Just go straight there for transcripts. Also this place is really looking nice since I went here back in the day. I guess they got rid of the rif raff (me haha)
New store nicer lay out but the back corner and aisle near the coolers going toward the pharmacy is kinda wonky. The cosmetic area is very nice and right up front right when you walk in. Love the drive-thru pharmacy!
This restaurant is extremely overpriced for the food delivered. Too many other options in Vegas to come back here.The only positive to the evening was our waiter was a delightful young man. Without him I would give it a 1*.
Located next door to Planet Hollywood this is a great place to pick up all the stuff you forgot or got confiscated from your carry on bag LOL.  Prices are a little higher than normal but hey it is Vegas!
The pizza is great.  The calzones are amazing.  The girls are sweet and they are convenient to get to.
I had the ceviche and it was very delicious. Will definitely come back to try the other dishes on the menu. Highly recommend this place!
New to town but I've been gaming here for the past couple weeks.  A clean well lit place to play games and they even stayed late a few minutes to let us wrap up a late running game.  No beefs at all with th e staff and I think they have a loyalty discount program.  Hope the good vibes hold up over time!
Meatball burger and sweet potato fries were awesome. Had the berry fresh cocktail, delicious but not something I could not have gotten somewhere else.\n\nWife loved the chicken cheese buffalo dip.\n\nService was prompt and pleasant.
This place is horrid! They are discriminatory and I will NEVER come back!!!! They are also horribly organized! FAIL!!
I'm a local and came here with a Travelzoo offer - the spa and the facilities are one of the best I've been to.  Steam rooms, waterfall, spa dedicated pool, etc.  Would highly recommend and love to come back!
bland and overpriced.  For a place that specializes in strips, you'd think they would be better than KFC.....they are not.
Nice place for a quick bite to eat or a nice dinner, nice area to grab a drink and meet up with friends.  The atmosphere is a little more grown up than the strip, pretty and relaxing overall. Clean and doesn't smell all smoky like some of the other casinos.
Great Environment and Good BBQ.  Brisket is my favorite but Ribs are good too!!
In the beginning Red Robin like most places was a GREAT Idea. Now its just turning into another Burger joint. Some time back the Burgers were Excellent. Now they are a little dry. I'm missing the JUICY!
Terrible service..... Overpriced     Never again.   Food can't make up for terrible service.   Save your money and visit somewhere like Grapes or Texas Roadhouse
I'm vegan and absolutely LOVE their Chocolate Sorbet! So good!
Okay food and good service.  The meatloaf was dry and the veggies had no flavor.
This was the mother of all sports bars. Now food and service have gone down hill. They need a new cook and better drink specials. The staff needs to stop talking to each other and take care of the customers. I have been stopping in there for over 15 years but will look for another watering hole!!
Terrible and unorganized.  I think everybody was excited to have Los Dos in Ahwatukee but after giving this place two chances I'm over it.  I won't go back.
Travelling on business, stopped in for an early dinner at the bar. Very attentive staff.  $5 house wines for happy hour...awesome!  I had the double cheeseburger which was amazing!  If you go here, you have to try it.  Can't wait to come back!
Great food! Split a big salad and a BBQ Hawaiian chicken pizza with the wife. Great thin crust!
Had my first vato  cigar here and got the sampler. Good beer, comfy seating and good ventilation. They don't have the beer and pizza special I read about on yelp, so prob just a beer and cigar stop.
Best steak I think I've ever had!! We had a private room for a wedding reception dinner. They did a great job with food, and service. I highly recommend their private dinning for special occasions.
This place deserves a 5 star rating. We came to try their AYCE and we were not disappointed. Everything was delish except for the Yakisoba. I thought I ordered a Soba style dish and it wasn't. But what do you expect? This is a SUSHI place for heaven's sake!!
Bad tasting food and service. I was surprised they don't serve chips and salsa to munch on while your food is prepared. If you want to hear music you have to pay for it at the iTunes box. Will never come back or recommend this place.
$2.20 for a pretty flavorless Americano. I'll be drinking the crappy coffee in my room for the rest of the summer thanks.
Great, great show. Terry Fator is a real, charismatic entertainer. Unlike many other headliners in Vegas, he isn't full of himself--quite the opposite in fact--it's obvious Fator is very happy doing what he's doing and it shows. I thoroughly enjoyed the show.
I lived a bike ride away from the location in Scottsdale and was so sad to move.  Well I moved to the Biltmore and I'm again just a bike ride away thanks to the new location!  Dad's grocery bag is My fave! The burger is really good as well!
If I could give zero stars I would. This show was terrible. I would have rather put the money I spent on the tickets into a hopeless slot machine. Superstars were unrealistic, and did not look like real singers. Overall, this show was a bust.
I've been here a few times, and the chefs do not disappoint. The Crazy Alfredo is my style of a dish, but they have others to choose from. Each dish is made on the spot, and always Al Dente!!!
Food Poisoning!!! Simple as that.
I love this place! The staff are all volunteers and are super friendly. The store is clean and they change it up all the time. The prices are a lot lower than goodwill and it's more than a thrift store! It actually benefits a local boxer dog rescue, Boxerluv.  Definately recommend this place.
Gets better and better. I havent had anything that wasn't excellent. Teriyaki Boy kicks ass.  A full healthy meal at a reasonable price.
Very disappointing. We had dinner in new years eve... plates came out over one hour late, quality substandard relative to pricing. Nice setting. average service, horrible food.
what a stupid buffet!
Some food was great. some food was bad. For the price all of the food should have been great. A little disappointed. :(
Everything here just seemed so very dry to me.  Like it was mass prepared a few days ago and they reheat it, put sauce on it and serve it.  The sushi felt the same way somehow.
Shane and his team are top notch.
Very friendly!  Quick food that is similar to Chipotle but with more traditional dining experience.  Serving portions were big and you get a good value for the money.  Good go to place if you want something quick and filling.
Don't like fast food, but sometimes you just have to settle.   They added lettuce when I said not too....  spicy chicken wrap tastes ok for fast food
Garden Buffet is not that bad, we were staying at South Point, and we've always come by to eat whenever we are around this neck of town her because 1.) price is not that bad 2.) Dessert section and the gelato!!!
I am not sure if the Red Velvet Cake I had was Vegan. I was expecting a melt-in-your-mouth consistency. But it was very dry and  bread-like. It's as if the cake was from yesterday. I think, it's overpriced too. Staff was great.
Great Steaks, good selection of wines and beers and lovely ambiance. If you're looking for either a place to have dinner with friends and family, a christmas/birthday party etc, you wont be disappointed.
It seems like every time visit this location they never seems to have what I need. Also some plants don't look so healthy. I go to the other location which is far. sigh
Combo plate. Hot links and bbq beans fantastic .. brisket just a little dry but it was later in the evening.  I'm coming back for lunch and giving this place another go;)
Wow,  what an amazing job they did!!   I had an old Bistro set that looked so bad and they made it look brand new!!   So impressed!!   Very nice owner and employees,  will use them again.
Frozen Hot Chocolate is amazing, duh!  It's so overpriced, but that's Vegas for you.  Also try to get one of their giant donuts.  Put these two things together and YOU win.
Got a great deal for a 3course meal for a reasonable amount. Quick service and tasty food.
Pretty good juice. Just make sure the machine is clean before getting your juice, or it will taste like the last persons juice. Yuck! Also the manager \"girl\" should watch her mouth. She should not be yelling and talking down to employees in front of customers Rude!!
First visit was a pleasant surprise.   Food was well above average and the bar was great. Prices were very reasonable. Our servers were good and friendly.  Sets way back off Bell road and Reems  on Southwest corner but worth a look.
Oxtail soup, oxtail soup, oxtail soup.
Was here for lunch on 5/5. Always had great food here In the the past. But this time the salad was not good. Appeared to have been partially frozen and then thawed. Very mushy. Soup was good but deep fried asparagus was stuck together in a  block. Server was excellent.
It ain't what it used to be. On two occasions I was \"greeted\" by door guys that must have mistakenly thought they were bouncers at an L.A. Nightclub.
Went for lunch. The food was really good for the price. Vegas is super expensive ...Next time I'm in Vegas this will be my go to place...
The burger was excellent! The fries were meh, the shake was meh. But the place is known for burgers so I would go back for that alone!
Best Chinese in Las Vegas.
I have enjoyed massages by two great therapists at this location.  I have no complaints about my massages.  They were both very professional and I enjoyed that therapy very much.  I will be going back here again very soon.
Great outdoor bar if you like smoking cigars.  Service is good and drinks are strong!  Large outdoor seating.
My greek friend Mr. Boots recommended this place to me so I went and it ruled. Greek sweets are legit! Try the greek version of terrale they have its super tasty.
Love Bingo. its my favorite place to play. The dual action should pay $200. and i wish it was a little cheaper but i always pick here to play
While they have some better locations, I do like dropping by here when I am in the neighborhood. Consistent food and their burritos are big enough for a hearty meal.
This place has everything!  And it's cheap!  They've got a nice cheese and meat counter, lots of imported Italian goods, and house-made treats, pasta, and other foods.\n\nHere's a tip: try their chocolate-covered almond biscotti.  Mmmmm.
Used to work for sean and manessa who own Vivido Gelato. nice people really caring about their employees and very fair. There were so many flavors, I didnt even get to try them all myself!
Great location, excellent service! Reasonably priced, too! The linguine pasta and the prosciutto pizza were a little bit salty, and the spicy pepperoni pizza lacked a bit of spice. Still a great meal though!
now i know why everyone i know from the west coast cries a little when they find out there aren't any in-n-out burgers on the east coast. the burgers here are fresh and made to order. prices are unbeatable. definitely ask for spread to dip your fries in!!
Management Needed: Waited 45 minutes to get a pick up order with no apology or explanation from the manager. If you have an opportunity to eat out, do not go to this establishment due to its poor service and poor attitude
Amazing view! Great food, great service by Maggie and Team. Always a positive experience. It would be ideal if new dishes were brought in every now and again. Healthy options like the seared ahi previously offered would come back. Thanks!
This place is a rip off. Over priced and try to sell you items and services you don't need. I stopped in for a quote on tires and almost died when the quote came back. Little did they know that my family owns a garage back east and I know what items and services should cost. Stay away unless you want to over pay
I had one of the skillets, and was very impressed.  Huge portions of food, and all of it was quite good.
The frozen ice cream sandwiches are bomb!
Chicken strips were bland no season at all, the chicken nachos were decent, but all in all will not come back
live music. peanuts on the floor. ntn trivia. arcade. cheap bar food. FANTASTIC drink specials! (what more could you ask for in a bar you can walk to from your house?)
If you like overcooked, terrible, chinese food, delivered by a stoner, when he can eventually find your house after an hour, this is the place! Next time I'll just drive to the Panda Express.  I think Greg E owns or works for the place.
The food at least used to be good ... Now they changed ownership. Weird service remains but good food doesn't ...
Service was really friendly and the food was alright.  Prices were pretty good too... $4 for a mimosa... sweet.\n\nThe best part of the meal?  The free scones.
The food was okay, not great.  The service was very good and the convenience was great given it was inside the casino/hotel we were staying at.
Uses lard and chicken stock.... Not very friendly or knowledgeable. Would not return.
As you can imagine if you've never been here, this place has an electric atmosphere with incredible memorabilia. The food and drinks are outstanding, excellent service, grand view of the strip from the terrace and some great artists for after dinner entertainment. A favorite of ours on Las Vegas Blvd.
In search of a good Greek place in the northwest and decided to try this chain. Everything on the menu is a bit pricey. The food was okay but I was in search of a more authentic Greek place.  So far the fat Greek off flamingo and decatur is the best around.
Why was this place so empty during prime time for weekday lunch?\n\nDo people have a thing against large portions of quality food, nice spacious setting, and amazing service?
No.  If I could give zero stars, I would.\n\nCamp counselors cant, or won't, stop kids from picking on each other.\n\nAnd Lice.  Enough said.
I know it is the airport....I'm not expecting excellence. BUT a place known for seafood should at least have quality seafood.  I found the tuna to be a bit tough, almost steak like. The flavors weren't bad, but it just wasn't worth the price.
One of my over medium eggs came out with broken and completely dried yokes. The crepe was very tough and stale. Stake was fair. Food was disappointing overall.
Really didn't care for this place the rooms were old, the breafast was cold and frozen, front desk was rude your best bet is to pay a bit more and go to the other Hampton inn and suites that's up the road
Fast, accommodating service and food was  great. Our server , Rosa, was delightful and eager to make sure our impromptu birthday dinner for my 10 year old went great. The did a great job accommodating food allergies too.
They serve 2 week expired yogurt. If they're willing to use expired products that have the label printed on them, imagine how old the food is they prepare.
This theatre is old and musty and outdated. The rooms are small and not very well sound proofed. I remember coming here when I was in high school and clearly not much has changed since.\n\nOn the plus side, I think they're going to be re-doing it soon.
People, this place is out of control...  Fresh ingredients, amazing crust and cheaper than McDonald's.  I had the bbq chicken and it was way better than CPK.  We had five pizzas and drinks for under $20.
One of my favorite places to be hands down, I look forward to haircuts all week! The barbers are the best, great conversations and haircuts.  Nothing these guys can't do designs are out of this world.  For the best cuts ask for Miguel!!!
Anita's Cocina is by far is Wickenburg's best restaurant! They have great food, large menu to select from, very friendly staff and a great atmosphere.
Confusing concept. But once we got our pomegranate ice cream I was in eternal bliss.
Fantastic gyro meat and a great staff. I'm a fan.
Fresh Mexican food but fast and Good prices.  Always tasty!
Very good food...\nService is rather snotty.  I've had things thrown in bags and never a thank you.  I've waiting 10 minutes for soup with nobody in the place.
Went here with a good friend of mine and really liked it. Food was very good the atmosphere was very hip and inner city. The staff was very friendly and very prompt always making sure we had anything and everything to make our visit enjoyable.
For a place that says they deliver their delivery radius is very small. I live less then 5 miles from 3 jimmy john's locations and none of them deliver to my apartment complex, which is 2.5 mile from one of the locations.
I live nowhere near Lux but it is worth the trip. Their lattes are fantastic!
It was fun to come to Marquee for the glam factor, but everything was so crowded here.  I gave it a few tries, and I think I'm going to stick to XS.  Since my single days are over, I can't just mooch off a guy who spent thousands on his table. Darn.
I was very impressed by this place.  The food was out standing (had the eggrolls and #14), the service was super quick, the portions were big and the price was perfect.  The place was clean and the atmosphere was great.  I can't wait to go back again.
The food was decent, and came out quick. I thought the menu was a little busy for how limited it was. Only a couple items were listed on each page, the rest of the page was covered with some trivial information on a Fox Sports announcer. This made the rather small menu take up several pages.
Great atmosphere! Great food and Wine collection. They have a very modern feel and very classy restaurant. Love the upstairs patio. Been out on it twice (friends rented it) and the customer service was wonderful. Check out the upstairs next time you're in the area. Great spot!
2 stars because of terrible customer service.. EILEEN rolled her eyes at me for adding on to my order at the window.
Came by for a last minute ironing on my dress shirt for the wedding. Anna helped me out and was very nice and gave me great service knowing the time crunch I was in. Would definitely use them again if I was in the area and needed something done.
Great food here. The place is primarily for take-outs. I usually get Budaejjigae or Donkatsu, and never have been disappointed. All items on the menu are pretty cheap too. This is my new favorite go-to Korean place.
Perfect hashbrowns. And dear god, the Carrot cake pancakes.... Mmmmmm. I think I died and went to breakfast heaven! \n\nEvery weekend I consider driving from Southern California to Vegas just for the Carrot Cake Pancakes.
Went here with a large group. Service was very good. Food and drink was really good.
Shitty / unfriendly / super jerk employees (especially on the computer/printers section). Will never shop again.
Best Thai food in Town. You might get shot outside, but food is worth the  risk
This place is awesome. I had bought a few mobile detail deals on Groupon and living social. I paid full price for these guys and they were awesome! Service was quick and it was officiant.
While I will continue to eat at this establishment, I will only do so because it is the closet Chicago food place near my work, otherwise I would completely avoid this place due to its outrageous pricing. There are better tasting and cheaper options all over the valley.
This sushi restaurant is sub par.  The rice in the sushi is not fresh.  I recommend sushi loca or sushi fever.
This is the #1 nanny agency in the valley!!! They are very professional and will go above and beyond to give you help, answer questions and work with you on any level. Highly recommended!!!
Have been to this restaurant several times now . They have great food and as usual enjoyed . The service is friendly and staff are knowledgeable about the menu . \nHighly recommended
Great place to eat when passing through PHX Sky Harbor Airport. Consistently Good. A heathy choice with great taste.
Great instructors and very friendly staff. The rates are reasonable, and they even offer one free retake course if for some reason you don't pass the class the first time. The instructors are very attentive and the enrollment process was smooth. Highly recommend this place.
Large selection of juices, smoothies, and even healthy food.  I had a carrot, orange, cucumber, lemon, kale juice.  It was very good.  For a small it is about $6 but a good amount.
I usually eat at this subway location after work, but latley the employee working the night shift refuses to make broccoli cheese soup and never has it made. My receipt says his name is Ryan TT , he has very pour customer service, I go out of my way to another subway location on the nights he is working.
Stopped in after back to back basketball games to feed 9 hungry mouths. Maria Defante was awesome! So helpful and friendly. We will be back. Thank you MARIA!
We bought cake pops for my son's graduation party and they were a HUGE hit! I think I may like them better than the cupcakes. Just the right amount, moist and delicious.
Stsy away from.the ruban. Paper thin  corned beef and little of it. Service was fine. Place is a little on the greasy side
Food was very good. Small plates to share. The staff was very attentive and friendly. Would definitely go back. The food had a lot of great different flavors that taste great.
Today I ordered hibachi, too. Everything was great. I think they all did good jobs. And I noticed that they got 5 A cards. Good!
Very well run establishment. There are no surprises, consistently great prices and good service. It is one of the last LOCAL remaining family businesses in town, and should be supported!
Being from Chicago, this is our \"go to\" spot for Beef sandwiches & hot dogs!  Friendly staff.  Only thing \"missing\" is Italian Lemonade!!
This years trip was just OK. Seams this hotel is hit or miss, but not consistent with atmosphere, friendliness of staff and room selection. CPK is always good, the buffet is getting real good again, pool is still great and the secondary smaller valet staff is excellent. Other than that, it was just OK.
This place is awesome! You can do AYCE & try allot of different roles! Came here in a group of 4 & tried 26 different half roles, nigiri & some tempura shrimp. So worth the food & the price!
Went to Fez as part of the lightrail pub crawl.\n\nDoubtful I'll go back.\n\nDecent place I suppose, but not really my style.
The interiors are beautiful, wine is great, the soup was excellent but not many vegetarian options. That disappointed me. On the whole as far as the entree is concerned I have had better Italian!! :(
The quality has fallin to the way side.   No more real butter cream, BUT  Grease Cream they buy in 5 gallon buckets ! !      Frozen   desserts defrosted,  STALE Brownies    \n\nthis place has seen its hay day its over with Amelies,
Since Eric left the counter has been an absolute disaster.  In six weeks they still don't have someone that knows how to use the cash register or keep up with making coffee.  Being second in line generally means a fifteen minute wait while the cashier hunts for buttons on the register and then notices that all the carafes are empty.
Don't Seat on the bar very bad Service on the bar and this time the food was mediocre Bartender arguing with me about the quality of food VERY BAD SERVICE
Great burgers and the smash fries are \"out of this world\"!
Just a wonderful and delicious experience. Falafel and palakari will blow your mind. Will be back soon!!
Not bad.  Got there at 11:30 on a Friday. Waited about 30 min total\nBrunch was $39 pp\nNo real nigiri sushi or shrimp.  I was expecting some crab legs but there were none. \nWait staff was attentive and courteous.
A great place for a first meal of the hung-over day. Affordable, good variety, and quick service despite the long lines. Made me feel better despite the left over nausea.
Went there again the other day as I was in the neighborhood.\n\nSImple NY type pizza as if you would find it on the boardwalk on the jersey shore.\n\nFANTASTIC.\n\nI get the feeling this place will become a chain sooner than later. It is that good.
The Cheesecake Factory is a treat, since my hometown doesn't have one.  Everything ordered was cooked perfectly, and the best part was the service.  I wish we had one in Albuquerque!!
Love the service and quality.  Always perfect garments when I pick up and love the staff!  They are very helpful in sorting out my pile when I arrive too.
GREAT happy hour prices and selection. Bar staff are always friendly and seating is not usually a problem.
It is not worth the money,on top of that the waiter spilled the wine on the table and on my brand new white shirt without even apologize the general manager comes by gives me his card and say go buy a shirt and bring me a receipt and I will take care of it ,next day we went bought a shirt and he wouldn't pay.
bar/restaurant. pretty small with good service most of the time. basically typical bar food. not to bad...except when hair manages to find it's way into your hash browns. haven't been back their since.
Gyro was pretty good. I decided to order the one with Feta cheese. Way to much salty cheese and sauce. Staff was awesome and friendly.
Ho-hum food, about like a Applebee's or Chili's. What I had was way too salty. Decent enough service.
Good happy hour drink prices. Limited appetizers on menu. The beef sliders and sweet potato fries were very good. Nice decor and bar area. Great to have another non-chain bar/restaurant in area. Thank you for great time and service Jen (bartender).
Decent food, but a long wait for a large party of 8.  Not worth the money when you can go to better environments for the same price.  2 people with drink l, appetizer, and entree was $100+.
They took over the old Donut Queen location.  The lamb burgers are the best.  Very good vegetarian selection.
Real Thai food, excellent.
Snowbird central. Pretty quiet most times with two pools. The neighbors are nice in my area. All depends on the landlord if you are a renter.
Just plain excellent every time!! Love it! Food and setting are fantastic! They do a good job for Arizona!! Probably one of the best breakfast/brunch places in Phoenix! This is one of those spots that actually is good even if you have to wait to get a seat!
This place was better than I had expected because of the reviews. It was very clean and the staff was super friendly and caring. I was in and out within an hour. Thank you!
If your like frozen drinks, this is your place.  Had a hoping Mardi Gras party.  But I want more than just frozen cocktails at a bar.
Found some new and super cheap stuff for the bathroom that I am renovating!! Also found a door lock for a steal price!! Never going to home depot or lowes again!!
Meh, standard Las Vegas hotel 24 hour cafe fare.  Food and service: not bad, not great.
Yummy
Great little place for a healthy snack. \nThis food type isn't for everyone but they offer a vegan menu or option for most of their items. \nGood portion sizes. \nLove that they're near by. Fresh food beats the Jack in the box that was across the way.
Wow some of the worst, uncaring service I have ever experienced. Was given a RAW bagel and they were shocked when I returned it and didn't want a replacement. Huge ordeal to get my couple dollars back. No sorry or care for giving someone raw food. What if they had given it to a kid?
This bad boy is C L O S E D!
A big \"THANK YOU\" to the employee who found my wallet and turned it in. What a relief, as we all know how difficult it is to replace all the credit cards etc. I was offering a reward, but it was kindly declined. I really appreciate your customer service. Thank you again!
Gourmet?  The sandwich is better than Subway, but not the best sub I have had.  Pretty ordinary, nothing special.  It appears as if they do a lot of take out.
I generally stay away from chain Italian food.  That being said, the food was not bad.  I had a capresse salad and the tomatoes could have been of slightly higher quality, but otherwise it was ok.  Certainly good enough for a safe tourist meal.
Went over & beyond to fix a Bad Delivery. Replaced the arrangement in less than 24 hours! Honorable business! Thank You!
Charged us (group of 5)18% tip for lunch without notice. We ended up double tipping for average food and service.
lunch on 1/11 at the bar was awesome as usual----the beef carpaccio is a meal itself, and is the best best best carpaccio I have ever had...its OUTSTANDING and worth the trip here....
I enjoy eating here. I look forward to it every time. I love the teas, the desserts, the soups... \nNot great for a quickie meal but delicious food and healthful...
Went there based on yelp recommendation and I really liked it. Had granola and pancakes and it was delicious. Small line but well worth the wait!! Service was very nice and helpful!
I agree with all the other Yelpers! small hidden gem in c-town. Price is why i came here. Forget the dirty bathroom and so so service. The food is great! this is my new spot for Thai food!
I like how THE people that give THE hotel THE 5 stars..awwmyGOD thats AWESOME!
She has the best cinnamon rolls and german brownies. They are super yummy. Also the lunch menu is pretty amazing, I highly recommend the buffalo chicken wrap.
Extremely greasy!  Cheap prices, but you get what you pay for I guess. We have tried breakfast and lunch - neither was good.
Love this place! Serves great breakfast, and fast friendly service!
Great food and very friendly service.
Meh... I thought it was very ok... And the girls working there were rude and seemed very bothered by us. I wouldn't go back
Food was ok - except for the green tomatos but the service was just blah.....nothing really wrong but just not fun. Maybe on a football night. Interesting thing with the tator tots and chili - the guac seemed like it was from a can.
One of the most horrible customer experience of my life. I made an appointment. You have to stand in one line to check in for the appointment then they send you to another line to talk to someone about your issue and they check you in to see someone else to actually try to help you. Ridiculous!!!!!
Always has been a good place, but today 2 new characters were running the place and tried to over charge me and then suggested I go somewhere else as they were yelling at me. Too bad this was my spot.  Hopefully the owner will take care of this.
Still my favorite sushi in this area. We love their cajun tuna. My family has always had good luck with the freshest fish.
When my husband and I are super hungry we come to this place! It's so yummy!! I usually order about 4 tacos and an horchata drink. I took out a star because they don't serve deserts. I also want to say that the radio commercial for this place is so funny!
Definitely a great surprise, good food, good service and atmosphere.Although other reviewers have said it was not recommended for children, we had a 1 year old with us for lunch and were seated in a quieter corner and no problems.Fish tacos, Seafood Mac and margraitas all tasty.Very friendly!
This place was suggested by a trusted friend...i wasn't disappointed in taste / quantity / quality, however I do think it was a little pricey.  I'll be back FOR SURE, but will spend a little less cash.
Fresh food and great quality. Wish we had this grocery store back East.
So fucking disappointing no children allowed...if my children are not wanted here then I don't want to be here. Such a shame. Booooooo
Avoid this place. Home of cold pizza and over cooked chicken wings that are left to drowned in sauce to get soggy. Customer service is absolutely horrible! Good luck if you choose to try. Better off just getting Frys pizza next door
The food was good. I had a Steak Cesar salad. Just way too long of a wait for something that didn't blow me away, and a bit too crowded for my taste.
My cousins went here a couple weekends prior and said this place sucked. I shoulda figured it'd just gone downhill in the last year. Or maybe I shoulda checked my previous review first. My dumb ass ordered the bun bo hue. Shoulda gone with the fried pho. Maybe that's still good..
The portion of food here were huge. You need 2 people to eat one dish and we got a lot of food. I would not of tried this place if the other restaurant would let a toddler in the fine dining so we settle for this place.
Excellent dinner and service with a casual atmosphere. Best Italian I have had in a long time. Chef Marc is welcoming and has authentic dishes he is proud to serve. \nWe will return when we get back in town.\nIf you live in Vegas you must go!
I've been to Encore Beach Club, Wet Republic, and The Palms and I must say that the level of service at Nikki Beach is second to none. The food seems pricey until you see the portions they come in. If I had to choose for a pool party, it would definitely be Nikki Beach.
Eh, the buffet is mediocre at best but was plentiful. Nothing special in the offerings but the salad was fresh and a few sides made it a filling meal. Staff very friendly and attentive even with the buffet. Kept the drinks full and the smiles coming.
Came in for a late lunch had to wait 20 mins for a seat the place wasn't that busy and the service was very slow plus the food wasn't all that just o.k
Pretty much just a shaved ice shop.  Pretty good flavors and nice clean storefront.  It's nice to have a place that's got AC to sit down and cool off.  My wife really likes to add the icecream to the shaved ice.
Love this place! They are extremely friendly, kind and professional. I wanted a specific color and design and they went above and beyond to accommodate my request. The best pedicure I've ever received. This has turned into my favorite, go-to nail spot.
Love the lettuce wraps, there awesome! The chicken lo mein is really good as well and a lil shot of dessert at the end of the meal is perfection! not to expensive good food!
Way slow
Ordered a bowl of soup and bread and butter. Was told I would be charged 4.99 for bread and butter.  Never heard of such a thing. Talked to the manager and his response was \" I don't make the rules.\" Will not be eating here again.
I eat sushi all over the world. This place is awesome and the staff is great as well. You want great sushi give it a shot and you won't regret it and the Martini Bar is as good as it gets.. Well done!
Worst Panda Express I have ever been to.  The service is horrible.  The people that work at this location are very rude.  They make you wait forever for the food to be prepared if they have run out of what you want.  Never again.  I would rather drive further to a better location.
Killer beer selection.
Yeah! This place is so great it's staff has to write bogus reviews. Lmao! There are so many adult boutiques in Vegas. Shop elsewhere people!  This place is a joke! Wish I could give it zero stars!
way 2 small for me
this is our favorite location...the theatres and facilities are always spotless.  the staff is always friendly and the seats comfortable.
Great beers, some of zee greatest beers in all of zee world. They even have a boot you can drink out of. The food is less than mediocre. I orders the steak to be cooked medium, it was well done. It tasted like ass and trust when I say, I KNOW what ass tastes like.
Terrible service, no class, could not handle our party of 20 people. They never brought people's food out, messed up orders, and did zero accommodations for their mess ups. Worst Hooters I've ever been to in 10 years!!
If you want to do breakfast right look no further than this place. You can keep it simple with a yogurt/granola combo or go all out and get awesome egg dishes, pancakes and so on. Things are lovingly prepared and it is the kind of place that will get you off on the right foot.
It blows me away how many times I hear people rave about this place but I am not a fan.  Not even a little bit.  Every time I have been there the sushi has been warm- GROSS.  I have crowned this place the most over-rated spot in Charlotte.
We celebrated our anniversary here and hands down from the time we arrived until we left everything was phenomenal the server Jonathan is very knowledgeable he told us about the menu items in detail and his suggestions were great we enjoyed every minute of our time the dessert was the bomb must have the butter cake with  vanilla ice cream!
This is the place where good UW boyfriends take their girlfriends for nice dates, anniversaries and the like. For a sloppy college student, it's a chance to dress up and enjoy the quiet, dim ambience and great Italian cuisine.
Spectacular.  The restaurant is beautiful, service was great aside from the one hour wait on Saturday night but the food made it well wort the wait.  Spectacular...  If you haven't tried this place you must stop what your doing and head over there right now!
Turkey omelet was flavorless and cold. It looked like the just threw every on the pan. Very unappetizing looking also. Chi tea was extra sweet. Not a place I would go back to
I went here with my cousin for some fun. I had a blast there when we went yesterday. The guy behind the counter was very professional and cool. The course was fun and awesome. My cousin won a free admission and he said that he wants to come back and play it again. As for me, I am definitely coming back with my boyfriend.
Have to admit I had a very pleasant stay. The room was a bit smaller then I originally thought. But for the price as well as their service I would stay here again. Albert at check in did a great job and I was glad he worked with us.
I've been here a couple of times with friends for coffee and a pastry. The coffee is very good, and the ambiance is real Montreal. Friendly owners and locals hanging out and enjoying life. A definite must stop for a coffee in St. Henri, much better coffee than the big box store down the street.
The sushi is below average. The place is very very small. So small you can almost smell the bathroom. Service is not so great. \n\nFor the price you pay which is around $25, Its better to go to a better (same price) AYCE sushi place.
We order all of our scrubs for our clinic at this store. Great quality scrubs and great service. Thanks, Travis!
Soup in the breadbowl comes with an apple. Don't know it's usual or it is holiday special. I like soup and bread so this dish is definitely for me and panera does a good job. BTW, I tried mix vegs and chicken noodle. I prefer the latter one since it is less salty.
Came to find unique furniture for my home. Found a great deal on a coffee table and sideboard.  Was surprised that they also sold new furniture.  Got a deal on a couch.  All items got delivered. Staff is friendly and helpful.
I've only been in this store twice, but both times I've never been greeted. I have found the workers to not be friendly, which I find important, especially for local businesses.
Horrible! Gave it two chances and the first night it took over an hour to get our food and they ran out of entrees. Both nights the food was just average. I could have gotten better quality at The Olive Garden and for less money. I'll stick to the buffet next time.
Everything here is amazing. We come for breakfast once a week. The chicken and the egg is outstanding, and their omelets are the best!
Their bubble teas are specially served and have amazing taste! Authentic Taiwanese flavor and dishes. I love the chunk chicken and chicken legs over rice!
The $3 happy hour drinks are $7. Chips are out of the bag and the food was not very good. Took us 20 minutes to get our check. This place is not good at all.
Oh just delicious, no honeys though, 0 bees
Coconut Mango Wings are great! I was traveling for work so I couldn't try a mojito but they looked like the real deal!!!!
Frequent this cafe regularly as i receive comps from the casino. The food is overall pretty good for the price but the service seems to be increasingly worse. A simple dinner generally takes 90 minutes due to the poor/slow service. Poor management can only be to blame.
Great place great food
Great reasonably priced place! Good sandwiches the potato skins were good and my fish an chips was yummy!
This is a great spot to grab a bite to eat before the movie. Typical Panda Express + free wifi.
This hotel gets 1 star because it's not possible to give no stars or negative stars.  Dirty everything.  Booked 2 nights but checked out after 1.  Would have checked out immediately upon seeing the room but it was after 9 pm.
Great New York style pizza with the craziest toppings you've ever seen! This place always hits the spot, whether it's for lunch or at 2am after a night out. By the way, check out the TIS coupon books for the buy one get one free coupons! Hopefully they haven't stopped doing that.
i really like this place.  i have only been there for breakfast.  they have a cute little market in the front.  great for bread mixes and what nots.  great outside seating.  really like the coffe bar.  it reminds me of something i would of have in napa CA.
Great place to get away to golf, spend day at spa and pool. Evening life great if you like to dance and gamble. Restraints are yummy! Room are super nice!
Loved this show. My date and I agreed it was just the right amount of crazy, sexy & hilarious! The VIP entrance made us feel like undercover superheroes.  Seats are a little tight, but it's fun to be close and laughing with strangers :P
Great food and drinks; beautiful atmosphere; excellent service. It is just an all around awesome place.
...an addendum ... I copied my review directly to Wet 'n'Wild in light of the safety concern. To date, there has been no response. FYI  Take it as you will.
Horrible!  Went there last night with friends for a birthday and all four meals were bad.  Save your money and go anywhere else
Liz is the best!!  I have been searching for years for someone who can cut and color my hair and be so consistently great. On top of it she's super sweet as is Marianna her co-worker. I HIGHLY recommend them.
Order take out here on a pretty constant basis. Great pAd Thai and Thai teas. Great prices too.
The chili so totally overwhelmed the DOUBLE burger. And the chili was like a meat paste. Not happy at all with the fries. Chile cheese fries had NO cheese. Didn't get our order right. Ordered chili and got chili fries. Won't go to this place again.
I was impressed they had very fresh salads and toppings. Also the baked goods and the chocolate mud cake were on point.
Retta is knowledgeable, intuitive and strong.  She gives a great massage.
I do have to say that their all suite hotel rooms are my favorite rooms on the strip.  We had a huge living room attached to our room.  Probably our second favorite rooms are Paris.  This review was for rooms alone.
Ok - I have a new favorite downtown!  REALLY great place.  Makes all the others pale in comparison.  Cool slide into a shark tank in the middle of the place.  And the breakfast was incredible.  Didn't really win any money gambling, but had a great time.
checkin/checkout is really slow and crowded with the huddled masses, public areas are very smokey, restaurants are over priced, wish we had stayed at the venetian.
Coming from Michigan which has one or two outstanding Deli's, Chompie's was a huge disappointment.  Their corned beef was lousy compared to Vienna brand.  Their prices are beyond ridiculous.  I will continue my search for a good Jewish Deli in Arizona.
Horrible customer service, totally ghetto place, workers are rude, it's over crowded and dirty. Do yourself a favor and go to the one at Indian Bend much nicer and very helpful people.
We went here for a birthday celebration and had the \"Family Feast\" deal they have. Its for gluttons, but everything was really good! It included desserts, but I was way too stuffed for anything like that y the time we had finished our regular courses.
I have been seen by Dr. Dan for years. He is excellent Nd spends time with his patients to give them the best care possible. He is worth the visit if you would like to be back to your \"normal\" self again!!
I do agree the service Is horrible bc they seem rude but I am vietnamese and that's just how the culture is. If you've been to a place with good service is because they are more americanized. Most do not know they're being rude. You just have to be upfront and let them know.
Love the soda machine. The egg rolls are pretty good too. Mostly this place is mediocre with the coolest soda machine ever. \nPlenty of the kids who work the register are inept too.
We were NOT impressed for the price of dinner. Food was adequate but nothing special. Service was excellent ...ambiance lovely. Would we go there again..NO
Breakfast was great! Some of the best chorizo con huevo I've had in the valley. \n\nSalsa was good and spicy!
What a joke!  It is not your average Embassy Suites.  They should really make this a Motel 6.   This place is really old and dated.  Luckily I only had an one night stay that was paid by my company.  The free breakfast is not worth it.   The AC is super loud so bring your ear plugs.
Poor & unprofessional customer service.  Take 20 mins to waive at server and take another 20 mins to come by the table in the midst of low traffic, less than 1/4 full. Food is bland. Hope they'll improve through their first several weeks of service!
happy hour food and drink specials are worth visiting this place.\n\nit gets pretty packed and claustrophobic inside so i usually choose to sit outside.\n\ntry different rolls everytime you come here. two people can eat and drink well for $50-60 including tip during happy hour here!
For the price this place is great... It is a hidden gem off the beaten path that you have too look for.. The owner is always working and is always friendly.
I have given this place a chance multiple times, this time they forgot my order for the second time after waiting over an hour. They told me I have to come down to the restaurant to pick up my order! I am done with this place and it's shitty service, good bye!
Good wood fire pizza here. Prices are pretty reasonable. The staff wasn't friendly, at all. Would rather drive the extra 10 mins to go to my normal place.
The selection is seriously impressive. I'm a girl who likes her beers, and the mix and match 6packs are always a favorite of mine when I'm shopping. I have a lot of work cut out for me :)
Old and tired arcade.  It was OK for my 10 year old son to kill some time while his sisters went on the Stratosphere.  \n\nCircus acts are also beyond old and tired.  \n\nWe spent $10 in coins, but it could be seriously much, much more.
Not impressed. The clothing was geared toward women in their 50's or 60's- like the matching outfits and printed pants. The prices, even after the discount, was not much lower than department stores like Dillard's. I tried going back but I didn't find anything.
Great rice, hummus was very good and great bread. The chicken is very juicy and flavorful.
The Room was way too small for my big ass...the casino was nice though.
Its what you would expect. Old world charm with new cuisine. Always elegant and great service a new york classic! I usually frequent more trendy dining establishment but visit the historic sites are just as good.
Per Wei is always hit or miss depending on location...This one is a miss and been so consistently for quite some time.  I try it again every now and them in hopes they have hit but no luck yet!
Very good service. The food Is good. Their's a lunch special menu which you can ask for with reasonable prices.  Wine very good, bread excellent. You need to have a large  bankroll to really enjoy. Stone crabs are great , crab cakes great. Deserts good.
I had a 20% off online coupon to ULTA and they would not honor it.. they told me to go buy it online!! Not only that I walked around the store for my first time checking this store out and not one person asked if I needed help or even said Hello... I will be happy to spend money elsewhere.
Great experience. Will rent any time great employee  Amanda has a great sense of humor
A decent place for lunch. Their hours is not always convenient and some servers are not \" the brightest light bulb\" in the tanning bed but usually ok.
Had the snowy mocha, it still can't beat Starbuck's white mocha. I will go down the menu until I find what I like. Maybe then this place will earn another star or 2 from me.
Beers...AWESOME...great selection, stuff you cant find everywhere...the food...EH...I wouldnt go out of my way to eat here, but If your looking for a good beer and a million TV's, this would work for you!
My dad and I went there afternoon. There are really no much choices in DimSum. Our bill end up $30.00. Some Chinese servers need to call another server because they don't understand english and they speak very little english as well. \n\nEek! Me thinks not.
Nice ambience. Coffee was OK.  Staff claimed they had wifi. When it didn't work they were unapologetic.   Said they would reset but never did. Probably won't go back.
Sushi was just okay.
Fabulous restaurant in The Cosmopolitan.  Cocktails, food and desserts... stellar.  Ask for a table by the window.
Nasty nasty nasty food and wine thats all I can say Nasty Nasty Nasy
This place is worth the drive to green valley! All natural, gluten free and non-gmo baked goods, desserts, breakfast & lunch items at very reasonable prices. Great place for brunch. It's very bright and cheerful and I like the atmosphere. Make sure you check in for a tasty free iced coffee.
My boys love Lisa and Gabby!  We use the dog walking service when we  have a late meeting.  The boys are happy to hang out with OUG staff--scheduling is super easy and Lisa is quick to confirm.  We have recommended OUG to our friends!
This place was amazing! I seriously felt like I was back home... everything is fresh and homemade! Love it!
Their service is terrible. I ordered a salad and I found a bug in it so they said they would comp our meal. Needless to say I really wasn't hungry after that but I order a hamburger when i got that there was bugs on that lettuce as well. Were are the health inspectors its ridiculous.
Great restaurant, excellent atmosphere. Heavy on the pork. Just a touch pricey.
Consistently delicious pizza, salad, appetizers, wine... Friendly service. This is one of the restaurants I take out of town guests for lunch because I know it's always good!
We ordered Mic Ultra, nice and cold! But the tri tip nachos were blah, no favor. I was disappointed, but I'll probably come again due to the quick service and beer on tap.
This place was great. I have nothing to complain about. Happy hour menu, great service, great food. That's all I'm really looking for when I go out to eat. I wish I snapped some pictures of my food! Open late, great place to stop and get a bite late at night!
Best bun Bo hue I have had in the valley. Beyond that I can't say. I have gone for lunch 3 times, and the service was good. No issues.
Great place for fun jewelry! Everything is on-trend with great price points! The store is HUGE!  It is divided up into themed sections, colors, patterns, etc.  Definitely go in knowing what outfits you need to accessorize so that you aren't overwhelmed at what to buy.  Great place to buy gifts too.
Got sick here in sept of 2013, then again in sept 2014. I wont eat here again. I was so sick, I was layed up for SEVEN DAYS. It's always busy here though,  and its a great deal if you like playing Russian Roulette with food poisening.
Last time I ate here, I saw roaches running around. And that was the last time I ate there, food was blah, service was blah, I'm surprised the roaches even stick around.
We love this place. It is a must stop for us whenever we visit Las Vegas. Lunch on the patio watching the fountains and the Human Circus. The food is always great, the servers are entertaining, cocktails are good and wine list is too.
Very bad food. Located in a seedy part of town. Was actually afraid walking in.\nNothing was good. Even with the low standards of Indian restaurants in Charlotte, this one should be avoided
Love this place, what a great concept.  The owners are always friendly and willing to go the extra mile to make me comfortable to choose the best shot or drip for me.  I highly recommend at least a Vit boost shot.
The smith center is wonderful. The poor part was the attitude of the ladies in will call. Very rude and not polite. Terrible customer service!!!!  They need to work on their customer service for sure.
Tiger roll! Not as fresh as I wouldve liked but pretty close. Seaweed salad gets some props but the atmosphere in the middle of the casino is not that great
Good Pad Thai.  Not very greasy. It is largest enough to split into 2 meals as well if you get it to go!! \nSpring rolls are very good as well.
Food was good, but the service ruined it for me. I dont know if the young woman who helped me at the drive through was having a bad day, but she was rude and basically threw my food at me. I do not feel like going there again anytime soon.
Not a huge fan.  The first two spoonfulls of the pumpkin pie tasted good but after that it was just weird.  I have to say that I prefer Yogurtland - better flavor, more options, and it costs less.
Bbq duck with Coconut rice plus appetizer Roti plus coconut ice cream = $25.78\n\nAwesome duck meat fresh from the oven.
The staff was very helpful for firstimers. The banh mi (#6 & #7) were just delightful. Everything is so fresh and the bread is perfectly crispy outside and soft inside. Glad I found this gem!
Nice gym, clean and all the equipment you need here.  They also have classes which I didn't get to take advantage of.  Really great locker room with plenty of showers, hair dryers, etc.
Funky, Cool and now cutting edge with  IFC FILMS MOVIE NIGHT.  The best little  movie house has gotten better!
I think that The Joint inside the Hard Rock is one of the best venue's to see a concert in. Much more of an intimate setting which I love because the crowd seems to have so much more energy than a big stadium. Love, love,love. I just wanna dance, man.
My boyfriend ordered the Italian Stallion as a morning snack. Good choice !! The sandwich was a good size, light, very flavorful and cole slaw comes on the side with it. I'd come back again for the sandwich if I were staying at the Venetian.
Best place in Montreal to grab a cheap and delicious slice of pizza. Hands down! The line can be intense but it moves very quickly. Just be ready to give your order when your turn comes up!
The best authentic Italian pizza YUM.  Sweet and friendly staff that works hard to get your pizza served hot to your table.  Love this place...the greatest pizza you will find in all of Phoenix.  Save room for homemade cheese cake.  We will be back soon to eat more food!
So far I've only used their tanning services and and happy with everything but the wait time. They could use some more beds in there.\n\nI'm wondering if anyone has used their teeth whitening services and what you thought. Was it worth the money?
Way too expensive for a spinach salad w chicken. They should stick to making cleanses. Ill buy a salad from Safeway for 3.89 and not pay $16!
This place is a big dive bar with not much to brag about. Gyro was made with a frozen patty heated on a grill. The mashed potatoes had no flavor at all and the veggies were cold. Service was ok but the girl that greeted us seemed inconvenienced. Wont be back.
cockroaches in every room! need i say more?
Good food and friendly staff! A little bit pricy then other places but really fast and really good! 1$ shrimp cocktails if you buy a hot dog too!
Came to this place cs I heard the wings were really good . I mean the food was great BUT the service was awful !! The waiters take forever to bring your food/refills . They forget everything & totally ignore you . HORRIBLE !!
I've recalled my memory of having some good pizza from Larry and Carol's and looked forward for another good one but my expectation has been completely shattered. I thought I've placed order at different restaurant but it sure was Larry and Carol.
Awesome!!! Choose the flight & then pick your fave. Great staff, knowledgable about beer ( obviously) & great customer service.
Still not in love. Tried it many times and the fries are plain and the burger is ok for fast food but doesn't keep me coming back. Sorry to the diehard fans, but I think there are better burger joints out there.
Happy to have an organic, grass fed option when I want a burger. Steak burger is really good and I like the salads.
BEST FRENCH TOAST EVER!  I've done a lot of traveling,  eaten at a lot of restaurants,  this is by far the best french toast ever!
So hungry! Satisfied
I expected much better or the price and the atmosphere.
Dinner last evening on a hankering for Indian. Excellent service.  Creative menu. Extensive Scotch selection.
Friends took me when I was visiting.  The only downside is you cannot bring wine in of your own (apparently it's a law).  They have a fair selection of wines and the food is all top notch.  Excellent meal and not overly priced.  Highly recommended.
By far the most greasiest pizza I've had in Vegas. Total disappointment.
The chairs are too close together in the dining area but the food is always good. Lemon pepper traditional are always good with a blue moon. \n\nChile con queso dip for an appetizer is never a disappointment. Always so fresh and tastes soooo good.
Went there during a festival in downtown Glendale. There were only a handful of tables with patrons between at least two servers, but my gf and I sat at our table and were passed by multiple times without being acknowledged. After waiting nearly fifteen minutes without so much as a drink order, we left and went to a pizza place across the street.
The pho is pho real. Really good food for a minimal price. They also give a military discount. Their Vietnamese sandwiches are pretty decent. Place is cramped so don't bring a huge party.
Groupon rip-off. Small salad, three extremely small plates of mediocre pasta desserts that cloyed the palate. All for an advertised value of $90. Will NEVER return.
The food is yummy, but the self serve style and the personality of the employees leave a lot to be desired. There is only 1 salad station and it gets congested at lunch.
Wanted to try & check it out, considering the long lines. Don't think it was worth it, and pretty sure I wouldn't go again. Doesn't live up to the hype.
Best Sushi I have had in Arizona.\nSince moving from San Francisco 3 years ago I have searched for a sushi place I liked.  Large lunch portions, friendly staff, good food...REAL Crab and Lobster options!\nYUM
Nice outside seating! But seriously subway makes the worst chicken. I'm really not picky about what goes in my mouth but wow I almost threw away my chicken salad.
Made appointment for Saturday morning to have check engine light looked at. 2+ hrs later and have still not heard from anyone. Completely unacceptable level of service. Friendly people but lacking in service focus.  Cannot recommend this place to anyone.
I don't go out of my way to stop here unless I need something from another store in the complex because it is always messy and seems to be pretty picked through. I do love Ross and its prices though and If I do find something, its because Ive been there for a long time picking through stuff.
Quick service, fresh food, just wish that they had the A&W back. The A&W on tap and cheese curds here were fantastic. Oh well, whats done is done.
This airport is scary.  I've never encountered so many people handing out bibles to people on a layover flight.  I now have no interest in flying back.
Food was very flavorful. Not your typical greasy spoon. Coffee was excellent. We got seated right away and service was quick and friendly. A little pricey for breakfast but well worth it for what you get.
Tao may have been the business back in the mid 2000s. But this place has been overthrown by nightclubs like XS... This place had its moments and great times, but now this club is a just small, overcrowded, overrated night club. I guess the creators realized this, and therefore made Marquee Nightclub!
The breakfast sandwiches are yummy and the coffee is good. The place has a good old charm. Very friendly girl at the counter.
thats a negative 1. I had diarrhea for a week the virus was soo bad.
Harmony house has served me and my family well over the years for instruments, lessons, service, and kindness. Recently bought my daughter a used flute. Great flute. Great deal. Happy kid. Thank you for promoting harmony in my home Harmony House.
Simple menu, great fries, clean and friendly staff. Be prepared to wait and eat in your car if you go at lunch time.
Same song and story as everyone else. Bought a groupon and waste of money!
Came here for a private event and LOVED IT!! Carts were fast, but safe, and the staff was great and very helpful, especially for first timers that were with us. Will definitely be coming back with my other friends...it's the perfect way to spend a fun day with friends or a date.
We went to see the zoo lights while visiting Phoenix.  I am certain the lights took a very long time to put up and people worked hard to put on the show but I,  personally,  wasn't impressed.
Sooo rude it's ridiculous I called to ask a question and Mike wouldn't even let me finish a sentence!!! Worst customer service I've even encountered!
This spot is great had a little trouble checking in as the system went down right when we got there, the free breakfast from 6-9am made up for the lost time will be checking out all the other spots that offer free breakfast for now on now that i know they exsist
Terrible service.  Don't go to this location.  After waiting patiently for about 20 mins for water, we kindly left.
Nothing special. Had an omelette and it tasted like something I'd have in a buffet line. Their toast is amazing though as weird as it sounds. Good butter!! May come back to try speciality pancakes!
My friends and I have used this place a few times to get to late night events. Can't go wrong with $5 per person each way. Just make sure everyone heading in the limo starts at the same location as they don't love picking people up all over town (I'm not even sure if they'll allow that).
Great Hotel!  Recently renovated, and had tons of room, great bathrooms, comfortable beds along with balconies.  \n\nGreat location, in the heart of downtown, and very affordable!  Will definitely stay here again.
Same everywhere. Still classy though. Same price, no happy hour though.
Very fun and entertaining show for the entire family!
The food just isn't very good. The service is not very good either. However, they find a way to keep the place packed. I just have no motivation to go back and eat there.
Very mediocre restaurant particularly compared to 4 and 5 star's on the strip. Food for our group of 6 came out at various times probably 5 minutes between first served and last served. My food was lukewarm and salmon was ok at best. Service was weak it seemed like our waiter was either new or ambivalent.
Terrible. I drove all the way to Matthews from Huntersville for pants that they said were in stock. I'm extremely disappointed that they were NOT. Thanks for wasting my time with inaccurate stock counts Old Navy!
Rude staff. Couldn't shop comfortably without being followed around.
Service was bad, no offer of second drink.., was definitely not gourmet.  Greasy burgers & heartburn.  Would not return for free dinner.
They have a chai tea drink called the Himalayan Hammer. \n\nIt sounds like a sex position.\n\nIt's just as good as one.\n\nNuff said.
The piano bar is awesome!!! All I have to say is these guys r hilarious! Upbeat and straight up entertaining!! This is very delayed. I was here 2/13/11. Wrote it while I was still at the bar and just haven't been on here in a while to post it.
Wow such negative reviews! I had a good experience here on both drive thru and walk in. Several employees on staff, clean and fast service.
Easily understandable tasting... but probably varies significantly.
If you want to wait 20 min for a cup of coffee when there is no one in the shop, then this might be the place for you.
Alwaya freindly, clean, and comfortable sits.
I can not understand how anyone with good taste could rate this place with 5 stars! The food is bland, and the place is messy. The only good thing about this eating establishment  is the view of the golf course and it's a good place to get a drink after a round of golf.
Great wine list and over cooked dry meat! The place lacked any character to back up the nicely remodeled place. In short...dont waste your time.
top notch but don't plan on leaving with any cash left.
Not recommended. Szechuan beef tasted like ketchup. Spring roll spongy and tasted bad. Pork fried rice is OK.  My daughter likes the Sesame Chicken but too sweet for my taste.
Its ok; 2 stars for food and 3 for service.  They make a good effort.  The fish is edible and if you live here it should suffice.  That's my opinion & of course subjective.  But giving it 5 stars is like asking an Italian for a recommendation and they give 5 stars to Olive Garden.
Been here a few times n saw Dr Kelly Kang. She treated my lower back n after I came in. It helped ease the pain n after a few hours later it was much better. If you come in, I highly recommend you see her.
Super long wait times. 1 hr to be seen and there is no place to sit!!!!\n\nYour store design with no place to sit and long wait times is a total #fail
Amazing Black Ice t, Good Meso and edamamme. Sushi was fresh and good quality..
First time here and coming back, soon. Excellent. Meat was fresh, pita was not dried out, friendly staff.
Thank you for introducing me to the wonder that is the almond croissant. Crisp, flaky outside, moist pastry mingled with almond paste. I feel myself slipping into a diabetic coma just thinking of it.
Slow, no refills and sticky rice was so hard I gave it back and he told me that's how it is and returned it to me, if I didn't like it then why the hell would you give it back?
Who would have thought the RIO has good food??? Every restaurant we ate at was delicious.
Waw! . . Great castle with great history ! I Loved it and it was a good experiencing and educational trip.
Always, Always good food here until now.\nUnder cooked chicken, burnt haggis, chips were nice.\nThere are better places to eat... even McDonalds is better :0(\nReally Disappointed.
stunning!!!!!!!!
Sometimes I enjoy my meal here, sometimes I don't. Kinda hit or miss. Love the pretzel  balls but don't care for much else here. Great staff.
Best place in Vegas and most of the country. Great prices. Can get busy as this is a local spot and small. Hidden in a strip mall. I always suggest this place!!
Amazing food!! Cheap prices. Service was fabulous! They could redesign their menu but that is the only thing I could possible say negative.
Cute gimmick of a place, if you're bringing the wife and kids and maybe grandma too. If you're younger or single and looking for a hip party, this is a complete waste of your time. Head to Cosmo or Encore pools instead.
Just got home with my drink. It felt lighter than usual, so I opened the cup and my drink was only filled up halfway. Seriously? You charge all that money for a drink and can't fill it up?
Almost become my first choice of shopping as it have a lots of Asian food. I really enjoy the complex cultures and the variety but it's really hard to look for a specific items cause sometimes they don't carry it anymore. But I still gonna come by here everytime I do my monthly shopping cause this place is near my house. Stat!
Worst gas station EVER. The pumps are ALWAYS broken!!! The pumps/machines  always have graffiti all over the screens, and are so slow!  The store itself is disgustingly dirty.
All the chiropractors are terrific here - Dr. Alex, Dr. Berger, and Dr. Dollarhide - and the staff is friendly and efficient. They have Saturday morning hours, which is great if you work regular hours during the week. The prices are reasonable, too, if you don't want to use your insurance.
RUBBER BAND IN SANDWICH!!!  So cool to bite into a rubber choke hazard half way thru my sandwich. Avoid this location obviously not doing something right I question the health code rating here!!!
Was starving when I got here after a 3 hour flight so of course I ordered more food than I could eat. Got the Tapas appetizer and California burger (plus two Malty beers). Service was great and quick. Food was good. Would come back.
SLOW SERVICE!  On a WED.  Food:  Fresh fish salty!  The food is the worst food of any I have ordered!  Do not waste your time or money. You AZ people have many wonderful places. This places should close. It is tha bad!
Thank you for dinner Costco!
We saw this place on one of those food network shows .thought it would be amazing was very very disappointed.Hello I had some staple food Philly cheesesteak 'Subway has a better one '\nMy wife had pastrami it was like sandwich meat from prepackaged foods Sorry but I do not recommend !!!!!
there with out of town visitors a few weeks ago. specialty drinks are good. The menu has gone through several changes...not always good changes. Appetizers always good. fair value for the price.
Me and my family were walking and found this little spot its very cute and the ice cream is the best i LOVE that they have games in the back also this is my family's new Sunday spot its very fun and its a cute little place
They got rid of my favorite breakfast sandwich!!  The bacon/egg/cheese croissant thingy was heavenly.  Super bummed.
Super yummy but super expensive!!!   I went for brunch and am still hungry after my awesome peanut butter bowl!
Great food. Great shisha. But bring your own booze. They only sell non alcoholic drinks. Other people did bring their own wine tho
Really bad.  Hotel food at its worst.  $13 for wonton noodle soup, and its cramped in a very small bowl.  The service is nice.  So overpriced though.  $7.5 for 5 steamed dumplings?  REALLY?  Go elsewhere!   Whoever wrote the Michelin review knows nothing about food.
Went with husband, we both remember thinking everything was delicious (been a while since we went). Nice atmosphere and great service too.
Plain and simple ... Heed the warnings don't go here. Poor service, poor food quality, and they don't honor their coupons. Good Luck!
Very nice for the price! Comfortable, clean, and about a mile away from Las Vegas Blvd.
Check your bags before you leave, they like to forget things. They also charge extra to use your own credit or debit card. Foods not very good, took better part of an hour to get my order - even though I phoned it in. I tried it, Im done and wont go back.
This place is prettty large and awesome. A wide variety of organized items. Video games, current magazines, books, and board games are a plenty. Staff is friendly.
Nice place kinda log cabinish, indoor & outdoor seating, lots of tv's, wasn't very impressed with the menu choices. Staff seemed nice & friendly.\nThe need a menu revamp.
I went in for medication to help eliminate my pimples/acne. The PA gave me some samples but I was not seen by the doctor at all.
I love it here
Interesting spots for tex max / New Mexico cuisine. Nothing too special but they do have a few things that are worthy to try and eat. All meals come with free chips and salsa and their signature cornbread with honey butter. They also have a good happy hour daily on drinks and appetizers.
The one star should say it all...
Lemongrass!!!!!!!!!! This is where I eat when i have nothing to do an i'm sick of gambling at Aria..\n\nFood is good. Designer asian food. No complaints when the food is comped. Play more, eat more :)
I will not be returning
This restaurant is no longer here.
Did not particularly care for their food.  Pretty weird-tasting pad thai.  Also, my dining companion and I both felt sick to our stomachs all day after eating here.  Would not reccommend- go next door to Verrazano's Pizza instead.
Got an iced coffee. Was good, a little sweet. A little overpriced but I would go again.
Some times I like walmart sometimes I dont.  Meat there is always expensive.  Very hard to pricematch meat. Lines are always long.  They never have enough of the sticks that seperate the customers orders. Then on the other hand I get what I need all at once.
Very slow to get service here 15min. For drinks 35min. For food. And they weren't even packed there were some empty tables. Just not enough staffing. But food was good just be prepared to wait.
Good food, but bartenders are not able to recognize a legitimate ID and don't have the necessary tools to check one.
Ehhh... I should've looked at the reviews. This was a waste of a moms day out :(
I got the chicken it was god awful felt like me and my friends were at the kings kitchen! Than we found out its owned by the same guy jim nobles! I would like to know what places this guy owns so I do not go to them! God bless you jim but you food sucks!
Me and my girlfriend who by the way is the finest Italian woman, we had our first experience there  last night and we have now found our favorite Italian restaurant and maybe our favorite restaurant in madison. \n\nIt was our favorite date night with the most delicious food.
Would have given 4 stars but the fajitas were meh. BUT the Carnitas are a Godsend! Literally the best i've had! we will return!! Spicy but flavorful!
I really, really want this bar to be successful. The interior is sexy and sophisticated with plenty of seating. The house band or soul singers are fantastic, some of the best I have heard in town. But the martinis and wine selection are not very good at all. It is in the title so folks are coming for that first and foremost.
Fast food not so bad... But still a fast food ;-)
Went there for the first time today and was not satisfied. Margaritas are the size of a kids drink and the food tasted pretty bad. Once again tried another Arizona Mexican restaurant and was disappointed.
Fantastic small BBQ joint. Pulled pork and brisket was fantastic. Great ambiance and bbq!!!!!
Man v. Food brought me here. The atmosphere is Steeler Nation. The food was decent, I guess I just expected more...The server was fairly rude when asked about the selection of cheeses they offer. Sandwich 1-5=3.
I had a nice meal here the other night.  Service was very good.  Sea scallops were delicious.  Reasonably priced wine list.
Food is not authentic Mexican one bit. It's edible but so is Taco Bell. Not worth the money.
Tried it the first time in California, and my experience here didn't compare. Even the store design was bland by comparison. If you've never been to SubZero, I would recommend going once just for the liquid nitrogen experience, and who knows maybe you'll like it better than I did :)
This is another great iteration of \"My Big Fat Greek Restaurant\".  I've also been to the Old Town Scottsdale and Tempe locations and this location is just as good.  The food is great and the service is fast.  Try the \"Meat Lovers for All\" giant platter of goodness: yum!
I was out of breathe I was so blown away by the flavors! The decor is charming and refreshing. I loved everything about this place. Excellent service. Beautifully decorated. Extremely tasty food. The strawberry shortcake is out of this world!
As always, a good place to find the perfect book! But that day, I went to support a friend for her Book Signing event. She and her group performed some tap dancing routines, after which she signed copies of her books to waiting customers. A good time was had by all!
i've been going here since i was a kid! chips and salsa are so good! i am not sure if the food is super awesome, it may be a nostalgic thing, but can't help but love it!
Joyce is awesome. She really cares about your skin and knows what to do to make it better.\nSorry I had to move away from Vegas and her services.
Food was good. Also try some shrimp with your meal. They have pretty good customer service. I would come back again
The pizza is sub-par at best. Garlic bread was okay, but they use garlic powder instead of garlic. And, for a Saturday at 7 pm, it was dead!
$50 service call to tell you its $400 to snake a kitchen sink....no thanks.  Called another licensed plumber, done in 15 minutes and less than $100.  Great way to make $50 and hour with never having to work.  Very disappointed, enjoy your $50!!!!!
Expensive.  Sandwiches were not that big, the meat was just piled in the middle so when they were sliced they give the illusion of being packed.  $12-14 for a sandwich, $2 for coffee and $5 for bland cheesecake, not worth it.
Bought a laptop for school. Alex was very informative, no B.S approach which i appreciate. I told him what i needed a laptop for and how much I was willing to spend , and he pointed me in the right direction. Definitely my new place for computer related issues.
I enjoyed my experience here overall and would definitely visit them again!\n\nThe roll we ordered was very tasty along with the tofu pad thai. Portions are very generous and service was excellent.
$10 for pick up load. No long lines at dump. No long dirt roads to dump site. Unloaded under shade. Go here if in AJ!!
Seafood drowning in spicy lemon garlic butter. Yes Please. Not sure what else needs to be said. Just be prepared to get messy.
A very large clean store with a great select of meats and produce.
One word:  Awesome!!\nIf you've never ate  a burger at the Chuck Box, then you haven't really had the best burger ever made, period....\n\nIts a must for me to eat here once more before I leave  Az.
I love this place. I can't say enough it was so nice! Really huge too, definitely do the BBQ!!
Recommendation. Lovely place. Service has always been great and the specials are super.  \nReally nice place with parking in the back easy to access.
Pokey sticks!!  I finally know what my friends are talking about - it's very reminiscent of Wildbread from UCSB - basically a pizza of bread sticks with spices and garlic and it comes with dipping sauces of marinara, ranch and melted garlic butter - mmm!
I ordered the spicy shrimp whichis noted as very spicy.  It was so NOT spicy and NOT flavorful.  However I had a nice time inspite of the food.....
very nice place. but i have to say the food was not too great. if you want a good buffet eat at the rio. the lunch buffet here was gross. good sushi though.
perfect for family lunch on sabbaths! my fav.!!! :D
Had breakfast here food was good. Nothing special.
I love,love Kona grill and you can't beat that happy hour is all day on Sunday.
I love this place. I just got my first puppy and had MANY questions and concerns. Dr. Cheryl was amazing! I even called with a million questions and Cheryl called me right back and answered every one!
Busy busy place... great happy hour specials! Great server! \n\nWe will be back next time we are at the Aria.
Had a business lunch here and can highly recommend for this purpose.  The outdoor seating is perfect --- amazing PV views and resort scenery.  The food was outstanding and reasonably priced for the quality.
Really, really cute but way overpriced. Love the clothes though.
Iced mochas are the BEST! Kids love the chocolate milk with whip cream on the straws.... Awesome staff, super friendly and they just get it! Love this place.
After an unsuccessful long year with many pool repair companies, we called Rogers Repair Service and they got our pool / spa heater working. Roger came out and repaired our old pool system and I was very happy with his work. Will be sticking to Roger's Repair for future repair needs.
Terrible customer service. Will never climb here again and have told friends of bad experience.
I would have given 5 stars, but the service can be hit or miss.  Other than that, the food is excellent.  The edamame is the best.  The other favorite thing on the menu is their beef filet dish that comes on top of their awesome noodles. Yum...
i love the slot machines in the airport, hahaha
All I wanted was some grilled chicken after my workout. Was told they were out and only had wings. I was also not impressed with the service at the drive thru.
So good...feels like your in Hawaii n food is amazing
LOVE Dominick's! The food is equivalent to any other steakhouse i.e. Mastros, Donovan's etc. But sitting up by the pool makes it so much greater! I take all of my friends and family who are in town visiting for dinner there. Always a great experience.
As far as Michaels stores go, this place is awful. The floors are dirty and cluttered and the staff is very loud, like yelling across the store loud. I felt gross being here, go to Hobby Lobby instead.
Truly amazing building.
Just second time here salads and kabob is yammmuuu
Maybe I arrived a little too late, but the service here was so-so.  I probably could have left without paying (but didn't).  The apple tea was okay and the desserts were tasty - but the prices were a little high (maybe because it's still in the tourist zone of medieval Edinburgh).
Mercedes has been cutting my hair for a few years and sometimes I add color as well.  She is really detailed and friendly.  She really takes her time and does an incredible job.  It is super clear she takes a lot of pride in what she does and I highly recommend her!
If I could put negative stars I would. Setup an appointment a week in advance and the guy doesn't bother to call or say I'm going to be late. He just doesn't answer his work. Pay attention to the bad reviews. Do not do business with this guy.
Best Chinese around hands down!! Love this place and we get take out on a regular basis! Try the sizzling rice soup!
Tried to attend the Air Force show but after a horrendous 2 hr wait in traffic and and an hour long wait to board a bus we gave up.  Horribly inefficient and horribly executed event.  No one directing traffic and no oversight.  Joke of an event.  Would never even try attending again!
Usually there ok this one keeps messing up orders. Not doing anything complicated, you know mustard not mayo sort of thing. Twice I had to run back out to switch out a sandwich. I just don't think they care....
Get food to go.  Tacos are excellent, the fresh made tortilla's are to die for
I love the theater and many forms of art, but I do not get Blue Man Group.  I have seen it twice and find it boring and always want to walk out.  It feels like a bad boardwalk stunt and they set up the two minute skit for twenty minutes and then say ta-da.  Skip it.
I had very high expectations before watching this show because all my friends highly praised it. AND the show did not fail me! I loved the choreography, the stage and the costumes. My favorites are always the clowns, too adorable and funny. A must watch show in Vegas!
Service was great. I tried boneless mandarin orange. I was told it tasted like orange chicken, only It didn't taste anywhere near orange chicken. I was disappointed.\n\nI will try this place again, I always give places another try.
My wife and I went shopping for some pots for our new backyard. They have acres and acres of pottery and lawn art to chose from. The staff is extremely helpful. They pulled the pots so we can inspect them and then carefully loaded them in my truck for us. They even placed carpet pieces between the pots to protect them for transport.
$6 for fries is ridiculous. Burger, fries and a diet coke should not cost $20.
Had a beer but can't comment on the burger. Pricey for what you get.
Only place I will go! I get my hair cut, eyebrows waxed, nails and pedicures done here. There is sometimes a wait, but only because they are that good! Best pedicure I've ever had!
Way to expensive for being a thrift store. If i wanted to pay $8 for a kids shirt i would by it new at Walmart.
They open at 6am but today's paper is not available in the RJ machine.  So make an extra stop at the 7-Eleven to get your paper if you get there before 7am.
I dine here pretty regularly and it's always been amazing. My favorite thing on the menu is the lobster crab cakes. They're an appetizer but I love them so much I often order them as an entree. All the steaks are wonderful. Never had a bad meal here!
Tryst was pretty good.  The quality of the food was good, but the prices are a little high.  I wish I could say more about it, but it's just \"okay.\"  Not great for parking, as it's in a strip mall across the street from Desert Ridge shopping center.
They STILL have bed bugs!  Family stayed here last weekend for a local wedding and got chewed up.  Initially the front desk wasn't helpful either.  Beware!
A great place for your teens to gather....drink alcohol....and smoke dope.
I have to agree...  Very disappointing...  Sushi was not good...  The atmosphere is decent.  That's the only positive...
Great! I liked the desserts better than the actual dinner food though..maybe next time it will be better. FYI-I'm asian so I can say this. But if there Asians, keep an eye on the snow crabs. They'll be gone if you are not aware.
this is how it works u go inside and sit down the plates start to roll in and you pay for whatever u eat  most plates are $1.50\n\nstuffed  peppers were goood !!  must try \n\ni paid under $20 for two ppl\n\ni want to go again !!
Great Hot Food. Hava Chicken and Sam Burger were great!  Only you need to switch the sauce with your sweet potato fries. The yogurt dip was not that good.
I went to this restaurant once and I thought I had a great experience after the second visit. Had very very very poor customer service experience! The food was good but the service was discriminatory!
This was great tasting food that will leave you say wow!\nWe are from Out of state but left a great impression.\nGreat people.\nYou need to go
A walgreens with no liquor? What am I, in Utah?
Good hotel. Stay here frequently for business trips. Easy walk to PNC park if you want to catch a game. Nice rooms and good service. I would recommend to anyone looking to stay downtown.
Went for dinner and food was not good.
If you go prepared and early, you can be in and out within an hour. If your not 100% sure what you need, go online and check BEFORE you go. Save yourself the time and hassle of making that second trip. Not bad overall.
Meh! Our 4 rolls tasted like something you get from Harris Teeter after its been sitting out for a while.
This is a Pittsburgh/Shadyside institution.\n\nWhat can I say, this place is good-eatin' basic Italian food!  Not spectacular, but when you want a good nuthin-fancy dinner, this is the place to go.  The pizza is outstanding.
Very crowded on a Saturday, but it was race day and game day.  Food was super.  Service was slow.  But again, it was very crowded.  We eventually had to leave because the DJ music was just simply unbearably loud.
Pretty good but can't say I was amazed. The toppings are good and the icecream is good but it's nothing I can't make at home. Idk, I don't see myself craving this ever and I was raised on crepes.
Nicolle is wonderful and a very talented hairdresser! Please check her out you will be so grateful you did!
They serve tapas here, which are like small appetizer sized plates. They're a little pricey for what you get portion-wise and the food is ok... Service is usually decent, but they do get really really busy on Friday and Saturday nights so get there early to avoid waiting too long
What can I say? I've been having their food for a year now.\n\nI keep ordering, and they keep delivering solid good food!\n\nThe food isn't \"WOW!\", but for consistency, value and customer service they are great!
Checked in and out within minutes! Filthy room, hair on bed, red ants, dirty walls... Would not recommend...
This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show!! I must say i was in awe! the performances were amazing and kept my attention the whole time. Its definitely worth the money!!
The preserve had very beautiful plants and art features. However I didn't see any animals. The food at the Divine Cafe was excellent, and the view is AMAZING.
Went in and knew the gun I wanted. I was greeted right away which is always a pleasure. John the owner had me in and out in less than 10 minutes. I will be taking my CCW class there too. Great prices and so far really great service.
I get it! We needed donuts for work. 5 dozen mixed. They are delicious. enough said!
Not much of a Nike Factory, I've been to better ones!
I had to call twice to place a to go order because they weren't answering the phone. When I got there I could see my order behind the bar but wasn't addressed for 15 minutes and the place wasn't even busy. The food was just alright. I'd much rather eat at Saigon or #1 pho.
After reading the reviews, I had to try it and All I can say is Really? 45 minute wait, limited menu (not too healthy either).  The hashbrowns were burned on the outside and undercooked on the inside, eggs were a little runny for my taste, toast was cold and the bacon was burned.  Would not recommend
oh my gawd. i can't even begin to describe how awesome this place was. they had king crab legs that were already opened for you. like they cut them in half or something so you could just fork it out. their dessert was also really yummy. they had so many things to choose from.
Good food. Sloppy service and dirty. When the front door is dirty and the floor hasn't been swept or the ceiling fans cleaned we should have left.
A+ amazing stuff. I love the feel of the place, the service is casual but professional and the food is next level outstanding. When it is on the ever changing menu, give the lamb osso bucco a try - it is fantastic. Prices are reasonable to boot.
the food was good at first the staff was a little rude but also i dont get why you are going to be a place in side with in a hotel and tell me i cant bring my drink in side to your place knowing that people walk around with drinks!
Recommend the tiger shrimp appetizer, the pork tenderloin medallions and the Brussels sprouts. All were delicious. The margaritas were very good, but $16! Even for Vegas, that's up there. All in all a recommended stop.
Long line so I expected something spectacular. It was just average Italian food with a high price.
Pizza is served California Pizza Kitchen-style. Some people play pool during lunch. Don't play pool unless you're at Brother's.
City bar is okay - it's got an air of sketchiness to it - which may/may not be good if that's what you are looking for. \n\n- it's kind of like a bar slash lounge - that's underground.
I could barely roll out of bed in the morning. Then i started massage therapy with Pamela. She is so much more than just a spa massage. She works using massage to channel your bodies energy and create a whole body healthy experience.\n\nI feel so much better now.\n\nThanks, Pamela.
Came here today just to get a massage, and sadly it is no longer at this location.  I'm not sure if they have relocated, or simply gone out of business.
Great location just next to planet Hollywood and across from the Bellagio. Has a manly wood tavern feel. The servers and bartenders are beautiful women! Food selection is ok but the atmosphere makes up for it. Amazing spot to grab a beer. Try racing the girls up the rock wall if you dare!!!
They have all you can eat for 25 bucks. Its a good deal if you can eat a lot. My favorite meat was tue brisket and beef ribs.
Love this place, great beer selection, appetizers are as big as full meals and staff are friendly and attentive. Great place to stop after work. Happy hour could be a bit more generous but oh well.
Dental clinic is terrible.   6 months for a \"work up\" while a problem area continued to get worse.  Their excuse  \"We are a teaching clinic\".   Great way to teach your students.  Idiots!    Don't even think of making a suggestion.  They will \"dismiss\" you as a patient.
Nice and cozy place to work in early morning and late evening. and very friendly staffs :)
Great food and service. Tends to be popular and reservations aren't accepted so it can be a wait to get in but, once seated, it's very, very good.
The prices are really high but the pizza is really good we paid $14 for a 12\" pepperoni which consisted of eight slices. We will definitely eat here instead of the buffet and enjoy a tastier meal for a lot cheaper.
Kudos to Travis and Larry for volunteering their Saturday morning to offer an excellent cycling class for both beginners and advanced cyclists. You can tell what someone's passion is by how they spend their time, and these guys clearly have a passion for helping cyclists. Thanks!
Food seemed okay, service okay, my wife likes the Indian movie selection - but can't recommend a restaurant with a known insect problem.
AMAZING. The white pizza, cheesesteak (chicken & beef), & deli sandwiches are great. I've never been disappointed. Expect to wait awhile sometimes, as this place gets busy! Well worth the wait though.
Bojangles in Terminal B, go ! That is all. :-)
I have been coming to Smile Design Center for just over 6 years... these guys are amazing. Dr. James and Ashley are awesome and super friendly. The other staff is always nice and friendly. I will continue to come here as long as I live in Vegas.
Horrible, got the most painful fill of my life!! Super glue under nails, sore around cuticles
Like most franchise fast food, who makes your food makes all the difference. This location is usually okay.
This place was pretty good. The \"Natural Crunch Burger\" was amazing. The fries are just ok. But overall, it was good and I'll be going back to try some other things on the menu. Can't get much more convenient to the light rail line.
Large breakfast & lunch menu but no corned beef hash :(. Good atmosphere and food was pretty good.
Didn't eat here just grabbed a drink and had a huge selection of draft beer which we really enjoy. People around us said the meatballs were great.
The only shoe repair I know of in a 7 mile radius in this area.  It's a little spooky walking down the corridor between the grocery store and the rest of the strip mall to get to Baker's.  But the friendly staff can help with your basic repair needs.  And turnaround time and prices are reasonable.
Great food, beer and service. This is a terrific pub!!!
Entrees were pretty good, but the reason for the three star review was the charcuterie board.  White cheddar and brie...really?  Plus the meats reminded me of a cheap subway cold cut.  Not worth the $16 price tag.  Hanger steak and salmon were both decent.
I am just not a huge fan of Corbin's. I am not the one to give horrible reviews but I couldnt think of anything that stood out. Why go back while there are more options in the neighborhood.\nBufallo chicken sandwich on stale bread - 3 stars.
Great food for a decent price
The Hostess Was A HUGE BITCH! The food was not terrible but I will never go back after how rude the night hostess is.
A friend who thought he knew \"hawaiian style\" food raved about this place so off we went. \n\nService is okay and the space is a bit cramped.  Sushi was mediocre and plate lunch portions were small.  \n\nThere are many other places to go in town.
Nice gym, usually not busy which I like, BUT they close at 9pm on the weekends!!!  They're 24 HRS they shouldn't close at all, seriously stupid and ridiculous.
The F&B is a cool environment to eat in. The food was great and our waiter was entertaining. If you like white sauce, try the Genovese pizza. Our visit was a little awkward because a waiter kept spilling and dropping on others and the floor.
Where the Strip seems determined to raze and rebuild, the Golden Gate is proud of their 100 year history. The place is a museum and that 99 cent  shrimp cocktail they have is the best deal in town while being the tastiest.
Only 5-10 minutes from the Strip.  This is a great place to spend 30 minutes to 1 hr. They got all kinds of antique machines in good working conditions.  (and some new ones also.)  Admission is free.  Just to to pay for each game.
Stood here on a few occasions.  Always have a great time here.  I have nothing bad to say.  Friendly staff and always an easy check in and out.  Super cool bell hop dudes. Always enjoy talking to those guys.  Rooms are always top notch!
Did not realize this was a chain. Great Mexican food with your choice of red or green salsa. A lot of options but you can't go wrong with the basic tacos.
First time I went they were out of 4 or 5 items, so I came back a few days later, got some crappy overcooked Mac and cheese, flavorless brisket, on a cold hard bun. Went back today and they were closed during hours posted. Place won't see the new year.
Pretty good food but the service was mediocre. My boyfriends food came out 10 minutes earlier than mine and it took the server 5 minutes to notice. By the time mine came out his was pretty cold.
Worst service. Rude. VERY RUDE. Long wait time. DON'T be in the wrong line, a smart ass employee will wait till you're next to tell you to get in the correct line. Drive out of your way to avoid this store.
My son and I had dinner here for the first time and we will go back. The food was good and service was good, my only complaint is they only have bottle beer and not very many. They should have a few on draft :) I wanna go back for happy hour that is only from 4 to 6
Decent mexican food.  It is pretty good when you need a change from Chipotle.  Good deals, good food.
Its ok... a little tired, slots work well !!!!!!! Easy on sidewalk access
Delicious food. This place has open for 9 years, I have been staying in Downtown Vegas for years and did not know this place existed.
I've eaten here three times now because my coworkers like it.  The portions are huge, but the food is icky-blah.  Skip it.
If this is a golf club, I'm the abominable snowman.  Looks like a pleasant place, but there sure as heck aren't any *golf* holes getting balled here.
This was NOT worth my time or money. The food tastes bad. I've had a lot better food at other buffets in Phoenix, but that isn't saying much either! The Panda Buffet near Lake Pleasant & Deer Valley is a lot better as far as buffets go. I will not be going back!
Disappointing veal scallopini.  Food served cold.  Gave it two stars because bread was good.  Overall very disappointing.
I always try to go to Gonzalez y Gonzalez when I am in town because they have the best chips and salsa!  Our party of 4 got great service and the food was really good, too.  Get their guacamole--it's made table side, and you will not be disappointed.
The food was fine, very typical.  The prices were amazing, I got a cheese omelet, hash browns, and a biscuit for under $4, which blew my mind.  I did have to wait a really really really long time for the food though...
Went here twice, once for lunch and then for breakfast the next morning. Everything I was soaked with grease and had little to no flavor..-all in all it was Mediocre service and bad food.
Good food, good service, good time....Same place as the one on Mill Ave.\n\nGreat for dinner on the patio.
Worst ihop i've ever been to.. The service is rubbish they were very late to bring the food and my friend order they forgot to bring it till 30 minutes later we tried to tell them to bring the order but the server was never there. Btw me and one of my friends ended up with diaria
Yogurt is very good but expensive when you start adding toppings.  Id rather go to a self serve place.
I have been going here for hair cuts and color for years! Wonderful stylists - very professional and well trained. They also have other services...full spa, nails, pedicure. Would HIGHLY recommend this salon!!!
Standing in the lobby. Told by the servers it would be a 15-20 min wait by the hostess.  Walked around the restaurant.  5 two tops,5 four tops, and two 8 tops open but they are making about 6 parties of people not including us wait.  ARE YOU KiDDING ME!!!
Mmmm good breakfast I've had the French Toast and the California Omelet Both were great. If your looking for a quick breakfast spot try this one. Clean! Great Food for the $ and service w a smile.
I was so impressed by Quality Car Stereo. I purchased a remote start from them for my car. They truly went above and beyond. I will definitely be back and work with them again.
This spot is great! Stopped in before going to Life is Beautiful, and haven't gone anywhere since! Sunna is great. I just come in and she knows my cut and nails it every time. I won't be going anywhere else anytime soon.
We don't visit CKF very often, simply because it's very overpriced and crowded.  I do love their Chicken Piccata and macaroni cheese bites though.  They have a very large menu....at times overwhelming.
Came here after Royal Rumble.  Bartenders were nice.  Right across the street from the arena.  Staff didn't care that we were yelling at people from the balcony.  Drinks weren't extremely overpriced like the bars around Staples. Five stars. (didn't try the food)
Chrystine is THEE BEST! Purchased a groupon for a Brazilian wax. Chrystine is very personable and made me feel very comfortable from beginning to end. I would definitely recommend her waxing services! She is #1 in the charlotte area!
Staff was excellent and very engaging.  Their suggestions were spot on and I definitely recommend the Captain Crunch Frosted Flake Chicken.  How it got on the menu is still a mystery to me but I am glad it did!  Also be sure to check for a yelp coupon with your check in.
Went here back in may 2011... Pretty damn good donuts, reminds me of a donut shop that used to be open in my old stomping grounds. selection was limited at the time i went here but the 4 kinds i had were awesome. will return when im like 40 ... if ever
Can never get enough! Please put more mushrooms on 4 dosen't cut it.
Ottos is awesome, it is such an underrated pizza place. I highly recommend grabbing a slice if you're nearby! Great staff too!
Food is great, place is a little small but does the job well. Only thing I can say bad is the blonde girl at the register needs a personality, and we can all do without her sarcasm
food was \"6\"... but the service is excellent.. the price was ridiculous expensive, never wanna go back again... pay 16$ for just a waffle, me and my husband spend $60. we rather go to buffett, MEH!!
I love good seafood and great martini's and this place will not disappoint. You will need a bit of extra dough though as it's priced as  high as the quality of the food, but with every penny for a special occasion.
Great local place!  Good food, service and atmosphere!!  Have been there three times and have never been disappointed.  Owners are so friendly like eating a family dinner:)
I really like subway but they have to be the cheapest when it comes to their napkins BC there r 3 of us eating and they gave us one napkin. Nice.       This location is larger than the others that I have been in. Not to busy.
Comedians were hilarious! But my gf was told there would be playmates... Maybe from 10 years ago but not any girls worth a second glance. Drinks were average Vegas prices and seating was great for VIP ticket price ( we got to pick our seats)
Really good food.  Decent prices for Vegas.  Nice deal with the meal that includes salad and unlimited wine.  Good place with festive decor.
Someone please update these poor folks outfits they have to wear to work here!!!!!!! Other than that, the dogs and the cheese on a stick are simply yummy!
There's never anybody at checkout....the employees  always seem to be in a rap session in the manager's office. Deli is a ghost town. No self check out. For some reason there's a Starbucks inside even though there's one right across the parking lot.
Website and front door say business opens at 8:00 am.  Twice in the last month I have gone here at 8:15 am, and its still closed.  This is extremely unprofessional and I will never give them my business again for wasting my valuable time before work in the morning.
Fresh, excellent quality. Each dish has a distinctive flavor.  Plenty of vegetarian options too!
Went for lunch, and surprice, one of the better Carne Asadas I've had in Phoenix!\n\nI can see where this place my get crazy at night, but it was a good lunch locale!\n\nNot a must-visit, but a place I will go again.
Only been here twice but definitely going to be our new little getaway. Full bar with a nice wine list. They have a limited menu until midnight- appetizers, some salads, sandwiches, burgers, & couple entrees. atmosphere is great!
Bummed, the only thing that was truly amazing was the foi
This is my favorite Japanese restaurant! They have Japanese home cooking! & the decor makes you feel like you're in your back in Japan.. try the beef curry with pork cutlet! I could eat here every day..
Okay the food was slightly better than I remember it. Haven't been here in 10 years... Won't be back for another 10... Service was rushed and weird for lack of a better term... Salty food, over priced beverage, and the people I ate with we're slobs! :)
Very good Chinese food. The egg rolls are our favorite in the valley. The rest of the food we've tried was good. But we felt they we're pricey.
If you're ok with food that tastes like it came from the frozen food aisle, then this is the place to go. Ordered the chicken parmigiana and it tasted like boxed breaded chicken you could get out of a grocery store with some extra on top to make it look nicer. High price tag for subpar quality.
Good company. Fair prices and quality work. Enough said!
Order anything on the menu, it's all amazing.  Make a reservation a couple weeks ahead of time.  Showing up without one will likely mean you're walking away without eating, unless you show up right as they open.
Have been their twice in the last 6 weeks. The food was just fine. Had appetizers the first time and burgers the next. No complaints.
Great place for a quick hot Sub. Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Actually ate there three times on our trip.... Now every time we eat a sandwich, we complain... \"it's no earl of sandwich...\"
Oyshi is a great place to hang out with friends and family during lunch to check out the fun atmosphere.  If you are a fan of sashimi, then this is the place to be.
I'll keep it short. Crawfish (fresh) and Beef Ribs (fall off the bone goodness). YUM! And for less than $10/person for lunch? That's a steal!\n\noh, and desserts were great too :)
Love this gas station.  They open until 9:30pm on week nights so you don't have to sit in line in the hot summer heat.
Don't bother me. I'm in my happy place.
The pricing & food is ok.  Their strong suit is that they're open to 3 am.  I really don't know why they're often crowded, especially for lunch on the weekend.  I come here mainly to people watch & because they're walking distance from my place.
They have some very tasty unique dishes here that are worth coming back.  The tuna sushi pizza is to die for.  I have eaten here four times and get it every time.  The yellowtail blood orange carpaccio is also very tasty.  Lastly, the king crab tempura with ponzu is also divine.
This is an excellent little Thai joint, great for takeout, excellent Tom Kha Gai, Pad Thai is OK, Love the fresh spring rolls.  \n\nI'm a huge fan.
I dont understand what people are talking about this place sucks.. The waitress messed up our order..bud lite bottle and came back with a jack n coke..really ?..i know just another dirty dive bar not moving in the right direction.. . Sorry won't be back.
Place is good! If you are a carnivore, you will love this place! Certain meats were not my favorite, but the price was not bad and I was able to eat as much as I wanted. Friendly staff and a good place to eat in Vegas!
Disappointing meal!! Food fairly bland. Best things were tortillas and skinny margarita. Glad I had coupon and saved some money!  Would not go there again!!
Man talk about feeling sick and craving pho this was the perfect choice the soup was best I've had yet they were busy but still gave me the customer service everyone wants everyone greeting me and made sure my pho was the way is like it tip try the brisket bowl it will satisfy your hunger.
Awful food and service.  Waiter kept calling me \"chief.\"  Chips are good but food quality and temperature were very poor. Really disappointing
There was a 40 minute wait, but well worth it. \n\nI ended up getting the prosciutto and it was delicious, definitely the best in Gilbert. \n\nOverall, great place to bring family and friends. Loved the atmosphere
Only two check out lanes open at a time...  This place is the worst Walmart in all of Arizona! Avoid this place if you can,  go to target next door!
It was ok...Nothing special.  I ordered an italian sub, and it was served on a bun/roll...not the Italian bread that I'm used to.  I should have just gone to Jimmy Johns.
great store!!!!!!!! Stuart Berger is the greatest!
Sadly I left without being waited on. I was waiting at the bar to place an order.  Sat 5 minutes with no greeting or acknowledgement. Two guys sat down and got waited on before me. I left and went to Hooters never to return.
Ok. Not amazing but my girlfriend really likes it.
Overpriced for the location. You can't be successful with a Fine dining restaurant in the area that you're in. The food is okay but for the prices, belongs In Scottsdale. Not consistent with the area and I've never gone and seen more than 2 or 3 patrons.
Terrible service! Terrible!!! As for the rest... Well it's hot dogs.
Had a deep tissue massage with hot stone add on by Lauren that was probably the best massage of my life!! The rest of the spa was on par with others in Vegas.
Nice but the music is WAY too loud bring earplugs
Love this place! The service was great!! Everyone was super friendly! The atmosphere was just incredible
I transferred all f my prescription from Calif. to this Walmart Pharmacy.  They got all the meds authorized and they were ready the same day, plus I just drove up to their drive-up window to pick them up!  Great service!  Also love the neighborhood store format.  Thanks Walmart!
Great place for coffee! They offer both soy and almond milk and have a wide range of syrups. The drive through moves pretty quick but it can get a little backed up on a Friday.
This place is kinda badass.  I've been to two dif locations and like them both (consistent).  What I like about medit. food is that you can eat relatively healthy low-fat food and it tastes great 'cause all the spices used in preparation.  I've gotten the platter a few times and its great.
love the food
The place is really ugly and dirty... Owner/waiter looked greasy, food was salty, I should have walked out.
What a wonderful experience! I have been jumping from dentist to dentist for the last 5 years. I am happy to say I have found a place to stay!
The undisputed taco champion of Laveen! They take such great care in the preparation and presentation of their food and it always tastes fresh.\n\nI've tried something different on their menu and have never been disappointed.
MIX 94.1 use to be my favorite radio station in Las Vegas, and then 107.9 came around. They play the best music and few commercials... and they do have awesome events!
Big fans!!! Todd was the greatest ever. Helpful, friendly and accommodating. Look forward to taking classes.
Horrible customer service!
The food was delicious and reasonably priced. But the priced went up lately and portion sizes have gone down. Food is inconsistent and I've found hairs and other things in my food before.
The sczechan chicken was too spicy. But the egg roll and pad Thai tasted fine.
Great food and great prices. Authentic menu items and tortillas are amazing (can even be bought in bags \"to go\")
Very friendly staff. Always clean.\n\nMy only complaint is that it seems to be Hobo-Town in this neighborhood. You almost have to run to your car.
Great Pho and fast service.
For those who wants simplified messages from God explained, this is the place to go to.  Everyone makes you feel welcome and at home.  I'm from Los Angeles and this is where I go to pray when I'm in Vegas.  I highly recommend this place.
Always great customer service, always fresh sashimi .... Love this family own restaurant..
Worst place ever! I ordered Togo food and they literally threw all my food in the bag! The sauce went everywhere! And when I got home I had to re heat everything because it was all cold! Including the fries! The wings and fries taste like it was made two days ago! Horrible
Not impressed.  We waited 40 minutes to get our food.  When it finally arrived it was cold.  There was only 1 other table when we arrived.  While we there the place filled up.  It seemed like the kitchen was not prepared for a rush. Next time we will go back to Mr. Mama's.
Horrible. How this place has 4 stars is beyond me. A total waste of a dinner. I would never go back and I know good sushi be it masa, sushi of gari or sugarfish. Do yourself a favor and AVOID
Good food not the nicest atmosphere but if you're looking for good Chinese food at lunch this is a good choice. Know what you want and don't ask anything about making a change to how a dish is served and you will be fine.
Came in to pick up a tux for a friend in a wedding. Measurements were taken out of state, and the tux was delivered to Vegas. \nIt was a very simple transaction. The tux fit perfectly, and we were out the door in just minutes. Nice job.
Had A Great Time! The 3-wheelers were a lot of Fun!  Beautiful scenery! We took the 8 am tour and that was a wise choose since it was 105 at 1pm. Tour guides were informative, fun and safe! Get the groupon for 1/2 price, well worth it!
Heard great things about this place, but it was a disappointment. The decor is great, but our service was terrible. Food was brought out at different times and it took a long time to get our waters too. My lasagna was a little bland. The best thing I ordered was the house red, and even that was just okay.
Very friendly, comfortable, and clean place at Portobello.  A nice place for a snack and/or drink/coffee.  They have tables and couches the like, to lounge about.  They also have games to sit and engage in.  Check it out.
I've been to a few other Foot Relaxation places and this was by far the best experience I've had. Andy is a fantastic therapist and really worked to make sure I had a great experience.  I would recommend both Andy and Healing Touch!
Good choices on the menu. Lots of seating. Good service. It's like a nicer Denny's.
Like this store because it is never really busy and there seems to always be someone here that is willing and ready to help you. The prices seem to be a bit different than at others, and they also seem to have a different inventory than others, which I like by the way.
I called and the voicemail said to txt or email. So I texted her and I never got a call or txt back :/..
Was on a Lil vacation stopped in for a quick lunch and was very happy with the service and the Dim Sum was very good
Great all beef dogs and beef sandwiches, hospitable kids running the place but a bit of fraternity feel! The Muzak music was up so loud the speakers were distorting :-)! Get it to go!
One drink got me drunk.  Five stars
Fast, inexpensive and BIG quantities!!\nMost of the food is good.\n\nWhat else would a student need?\nAnd, yes it's on Craig! For the CMU people!
Wow. Yum. And I am not big on donuts! They really live up to the name. So nice, friendly, and affordable! The ham, egg, and cheese croissant was delicious! Will be back again no question
I've been looking for a good family doctor for a few years and I finally found it in this office. Dr. Smith is great he really takes his time and you can tell he truly cares. They offer allot of services in office even minor surgical procedures and blood work. Staff is friendly and the wait time is minimal.
Terrible service, a new low for any restaurant I've been to in years. Low quality fish and ingredients created flavorless sushi. Not even close to being worth their prices. We will not be going back. Maybe the non-sushi items or the hibachi tables are better, but all we ordered was sushi.
Awe man I don't know what I was smoking when I decided to go in here lol, the food isn't satisfying and u might think since it's super cheap u want to stuff ur face, u won't want to!
I usually love this place but sub par tonight ; I think they were too busy for their good. And the service was ok... But I thought it was weird when another waitress grabbed our check (at the end) and checked the tip. Get it together guys!
Gorgeous room and fantastic service! The bed is the comfiest I have ever slept in! I love their shampoo: Shanghai Tang. Smells sooo good! It was a nice quiet retreat from the craziness on the strip. Definitely will stay there again!
Fab store for the active lifestyle.  I came here for the food goods, and their camping food choices are amazing!
It's not very large, but it's a lot of fun. The penguins are great, and we really enjoyed how close you could get to all the birds. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
It's good sushi. The first place we had sushi a year and a half ago. And still one of our top favs. Kind loud, it's a rock n roll sushi bar, duh. Eat outside if you plan on talking our get cozy with your friends.
Okay, so I've not been here for any other meal than brunch, because I am absolutely in love with the corn griddle pancakes with chicken.  My boyfriend always gets this too, so I've never tried anything else.  But it's awesome, matched with a mimosa, guaranteed the rest of your Sunday will be wonderful.
I ordered the Cajan style ribeye which is marinated for 36 hour and it was delicious. Good customer service and clean.
New Yorkers in Montreal... Love this place!!! Fried calamari is amazing. Portions are HUGE. Poutine Classic is amazing. =) thumbs up
Huge gender imbalance and rude staff.
The food was awesome the service was great the price was good I want to go back again and again if there was a grade higher then A+ Shizen deserves it I give then five starts.
Hate this place. My boyfriend and I went a few times. The food is gross and they always mess up orders. This place should be shut down.
Good place to go down town. There is a good chance of having a line to get in (15 minutes wait). Good choices on the menu, normal Brew Pub food. It does get loud in there especially when there is a sporting event going on.
What happened to this place? I think I have more guns then they do. It's always been a tourist trap, but they use to have very reasonable prices for guns and ammo.. Not anymore
decent food at a decent price
Great Service! Delicious food, wine and yummy fresh bread! We'll definitely be coming back :)
Went back and it turned out to be delicious! Will def be back!!!! :)
Me and my mom come here on her days off, food is good and great since its right next to our house and hardly busy.
The best pizza in town!  used to be--what happened????
The smoke filled building made me want to pull my eyeballs out of their sockets and rinse them in water.\n\nIt was during this visit that I realized that the MGM has jumped the shark.  This location needs a remodel or perhaps a wrecking ball.
Had breakfast here awhile ago but I remember the meal like it was yesterday.   We ordered the trout and their famous chicken and waffles.  Both entres delicious.  I was never a trout fan until then.  It was beautifully presented and the fish was so fresh.  My mouth is watering just thinking of it.  Bouchon never fails to impress.
What a great find in Chandler. Rarely do you find a microbrewery that has great beer and great food. This one does. The brew Meister has amazing skills and this \"Hop Head\" and foodie is in heaven. Service is great too!!
There is a restroom butler! Really! Is that necessary in an airport? With a tip jar? Or was this the high end VIP lounge? Huge distances between gates. For a connecting airport this is a tight race. Short notice on change of gate notifications.
2 stars and that's just for their omelette station. The rest is blah. For the price that they charge, go somewhere else!
The Tom kha is pretty good, panang curry was okay too but they are stingy on the meat and their tempura is more like fishstick breading, definitely not tempura. It was okay. Probably find a different place to eat next time.
Lunch at a bargain price! In this economy who isn't looking to save a buck.
I have been going to this place for years. From 16th street to Tatum to 27th avenue. One thing that they all all do the same is the \"Parisian\" omelette. Tasty and fast.
love love the view from the top of the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino. it made a great birthday lunch, it was delicious! Service was great!
= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =\n\nThis JB's location, with it's poor building layout, poor service & mediocre food finally folded.  Good riddance!     :-)
Awesome local place for breakfast!  Do yourself a favor, regardless of what you order, make sure to get a lemon scone.
The SharpStone grinders are cheap knockoff replicas.\n\nBought grinder, went home, went online, went back to the store, store acknowledges they sell knockoffs. Buyer beware.
Vegas, your facade of exclusivity evades me. I'm not waiting in line dressed in 4\"+ heels to dance to crap music while sweat drips down the walls.
Tried to stop for a quick car lunch on the way to court. 10 minutes later I'm trapped in line and still hungry. Slowest fast food in America.
I just had my 5 year old super squeaky dryer repaired by Gabriel's. I am so happy with their service. Jeff showed up within the time frame I was given, and the cost to repair was less than I was initially quoted. I'll definitely use them again.
May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast.  This is the new location because they out grew the old.   They actually have really good options for lunch too
Incredible lunch today at the new Mac Shack on west Charleston. Food was ridiculously good and the value and service was equally as impressive with kids eating free on Sunday and a ton of gluten free options. Curbside pick up too for takeout. Definitely one of our new fav spots.
Wet, moist and damp. The patio offered almost an African Rain Forrest feel but the pasta and salad delivered. Great food.
I really would like to eat here and try the food, but this night it was all about the bar, and it was great - the two bar maids were hot and they milked us for all our tip money with very strongly poured drinks ;-)
Slow, indifferent and arrogant bar service on a slow afternoon. Food was not bad, maybe four stars, but the experience was totally marred by the service. Not worth the $75 dollar tab. I would normally leave $15 dollars on that tab, not today.
This is seriously must be the best Chinese restaurant in Waterloo. The dishes are very nice and homely. You can go as group and order a few dishes to share. Good for home sick students if this is how you are used to eating at home.\n\nJust awesome!
A little overrated and way out of the way (unless you have a car or a monorail pass). This is what Reno looks and feels like. A little more sketchy than the strip, but supposedly these casinos pay out 10% more than the other larger casinos.
It's a gas station. Nothing special. The pumps look pretty disgusting. The glass was too scratched up to see the numbers. The entire place looks like it needs a good cleaning.
I never stayed at the hotel, but I did visit. The shopping mall is out of this world. It is definitely on my to-do list.
Great bar. Really good prices (best in Oakland?). They have darts for cheap which is sweet. It is very smoking friendly.
Mix Zone Cafe is sooooooo good! Their lunch specials are VERY reasonably priced and the food is wonderful. I can't wait to go there again! Go check it out.
I bought out my VW lease here last year and they wasted my time with a hard sell on a new Jetta that I stated multiple times I couldn't afford. Then they lied to me about my last lease payment and totally ripped me off. Would never use again.
Very bad service, Josh the GM is worst than the employees.  Ill take my business elsewhere.
Wonderful food & staff, loved it today!
Just ok. Nothing special. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but it's a nice environment for a week day escape from the office.
Took the cab from the airport to MGM Grand. The cab driver took me for an extra loooooong ride so my cab cost $47 Canadian (about $43 USD) when it was supposed to be about $14 USD. Nice service.
The place has Pho and Sushi. It's fast and fine.
Great and fast customer service! Shilo was the person at the front and he was very welcoming and engaging with us being new customers. Fit us in for a walk in oil change on a Saturday morning with no problem and they got to working on the car very fast. Would definitely come back here for sure! :)
It alright not much but it foods. Good beer but it needs to be chilled not cold.
I was in the area so I tried out royal cleaners. A bit pricey I think.....the 2 out of 3 pairs of shorts I had them repair (buttons) have came off again. Being that they weren't cheap I expected a much better job
delcious coffee and the pastries are always fresh! they should be open 24 hours!
Casino review (not hotel/rooms) -- the dealers at this casino are some of the most uptight who won't indulge in conversation, won't even smile, in fact, we kept getting ID'ed even though we were much older which got really annoying..
I mean, it's probably the best $15 quesadilla you'll get in town.  If that's not your thing you can probably score a $14 salad.  But if you're really feeling froggy, try the $13 half soup and terrible sandwich!
The Bellagio is by far my favorite choice of hotels in Vegas. The rooms are elegant and I like how the hotel is close to many shops. The water show is a must-see, of course. They have nice restrooms and everything in there is pretty clean.
AWESOME TACOS. Seriously. Best tacos in Oakland, for sure. And I love Chipotle. The tortillas fell apart, but they were still AWESOME.
Amazing 7 course tasting meal but pretty expensive.  $125 fixed price so with 5 was quite pricey.  However food was amazing and staff were top notch!  Will go back!!
Went there for a business lunch.  Was typical. Nothing special
Old Chicago isn't my first choice when I think of pizza.  I come here when I want a fun atmosphere that is kid-friendly and an extensive beer selection.  I don't think their pizza tastes anything like what you find in Chicago.  Their food isn't bad, by any means, just not that amazing.
Went for lunch this week and did not even eat...dozens of flies caused us to leave...place was full with people who didn't mind flies landing on their food so it must be good...
Nice atmosphere, great staff only place I can find Top Gear magazine!! \nI think this is what Borders is known for, having a broader selection. This magazine is published in Britain and it's hard to find in the states.
Quick and tasty food with good drinks and extremely friendly service. And it's cheap. I love this place.
Good food, friendly staff, creative options.
Overpriced. Just keep walking. Save your money eat somewhere else. Food is average. Service is below average. Hainan chicken lack flavor. Serving size is small. ( I was still hungry!) GRRRRR!!
Really good cracker thin crust pizza. It's a great place to go to just relax, eat pizza and hang with friends. It has the neighborhood pizza joint vibe that most would like.  There breadsticks are really good.
What a great place for focaccia bread. Yummy. Love the pesto sauce. I don't always like paying $12-14 for a glass of delectable red wine but sometimes it seems so worth it to blow a few twenties among friends. Its a great place to relax. Great ambience
this particular wimpy's is not as good as the one in Guelph, I meant the food! atmosphere and services are good.
I was very excited to try this place but was not too impressed. Food was OK and I was a little disappointing with the selection. I did not have the tapas but would have expected a better selection of them.
Cash only.\n\nFood: nothing special. Some of the dishes we ordered were questionable. Hot & sour noodle soup wasn't either hot or sour. It was just flavorless. Meat in fried rice smelled funny.\n\nTwo stars for the guy who served our table. He was nice.
I only went onto the casino floor here. Overall the casino looks really nice with a good variety of tables wih there nightclub entrance overlooking the casino floor. The one downfall was that they have dancers on a stage in the middle of the tables. I wasnt sure if the were females or males dressed as females...
This place was pretty cool. The drinks were great as was the food. However, our server freakin' awesome. Freddi took care of us and was friendly as can be. Ask to be set in his section and I can assure you you'll enjoy your time.
Creative, tasty and unique. Not your standard sushi place, the specials and small grilled dished are outstanding. Great, personalized service, pricey but worth it
Update - 05-March-10   They improved the parking system finally.   Good job guys.   \nAlso, kudos to the field workers.   After a spirited rainstorm right before Saturday's race, they worked hard to get the track dry so the race could start.   Good show.
Limited activities for a toddler & food selection was not all that. The prices for parties ate a little too much. Overall it was good enough for two hours of play .. My 4year old had a great time. Most of the attendants are high school students that were very friendly.
Decent food, seriously lackluster service. Period.
The food is to die for. Try the fried chicken. Best in town. All the sides are amazing as well they really have such great flavor. Can't wait to come here with my fiance and friends as this is my new go to spot. Awesome patio and bar and the service is great too.
I like that the owners are the people running the show. I can see how they can get buried sometimes and it might take a little longer than other places but worth it food is cool. Happy I don't have go to china town to get pho homie!
Every time I have been here the associates are very welcoming & helpful. I bought a Christmas shirt for my pug. Needless to say his rolls on his neck hindered the shirt to fit without choking him lol  I went in today and had a hassle free exchange. Don't forget they sell CRICKETS.
No coffee here this morning.\nI pop in now and then because it's right by my work but they don't always have coffee ready.
Not impressed by Fremont. It's just a bunch of casino's and souvenir shops. It's so small too. the zip lining was shut down which is what we went for.\n\nI rather just walk down the strip and not feel so damn claustrophobic.
I love this little dive. Amazing patrons and friendly bartenders. Always had an enjoyable time here. If you are a fan of dive bars, this place won't disappoint.
Stopped here for breakfast this morning.  It was awesome!  Great Service, good prices, delicious food!
Best crunch roll!\nAnd if you're bulking,  get the large brown rice extra brown rice and extra chicken bowl!
Chunky tasteful quesadilla with shrimp and veggies. Fresh chips. Service decent. Blue Agave's simply needs to step up game with their salsas to be more remarkable.
I'm an occasional cigar smoker and a friend took me here to buy a few cigars for the evening. The owner (?) couldn't have been more helpful, even to the point of suggesting the type of cut to make in our cigars based on their size. Next time I'm here, I'll be back.
This is a wonderful place with excellent food reasonably priced. A ton of TVs and quick service. Wish I'd found it earlier.  Excellent burgers and amazing mac and cheese (add the diced chilis!)
What more could you want?  Delicious, hearty crepes.  People watching from the third floor window.  They saved us when our blood sugar was low from too long of a walk through Montreal.  Merci, Chez Suzette!  Merci!
Overpriced room service and hard as a rock beds. Nuff said.
Nothing bundt fantastic!
\"Freako Suave\" still works here but their food quality has upped consistently since my last visit!
I live within walking distance of this place. And while it has a nice cool atmosphere for having a drink & smoke outside. Both times our server wasn't friendly or helpful let alone experienced. And the food is at best slightly mediocre. Next time I'll go to Taco's Jalisco in the same parking lot.
Delivered the wrong pizza to me.  Didn't have my phone but i was under the influence and didn't care that it was the wrong pizza.  They called my phone two times and finally went out of their way to delivery me my Hawaiian pizza.  That my friend is what America is built on.  God bless.
Service was bad, sat talking with friends . Nachos cheese wasn't melted . We will not be back . Surprised they stay open .
Stopped in to watch the World Cup & have lunch. Excellent food and service. Our table had wings, a patty melt, a Reuben and the \"beef it up\" roast beef sandwich. All fresh & delicious. Friendly patrons and staff with lots of TVs.
Not worth the money at all. Long lines. Disorganized. I could play these \"games\" at home for a fraction of the cost. Obvious cash grab and a waste of time. \"The Money Extortion\"
No refund on items that are not working--the store manager will do everything and anything not to give a refund.Go somewhere else for an honest deal.
The stock was not that good especially since it was during the holidays. I really didn't like the need to search for the price of things since it wasn't on the items or anywhere near the item. Disappointed in many ways.
My wife and I stopped here for salads since we were at the Mall where this is located. Both of our salads were delicious and the service was excellent. Recommended.  Nice patio dining as well.
Came in for lunch.  Tasty and plentiful.  Very kind family service.  I wish it were busier, they are in the mood to cook!  They keep bringing things out and I'm just stuffed.  I'll be back.
Just like any Starbuck's.  This one has a drive through but I don't use it.\n\nGood wifi.  Good drinks.
If you are a fan of the show, I hope you will put up with waiting in the  hot line outside. They have mist sprayers and a snack cart to help you out. Also the lot is very small for parking.
I can see why this location closed. Although the yogurt was nice (however by no means 'The Country's Best Yogurt') it was very over priced. The service was friendly and efficient, but the store was a ghost town.
Brought several sweaters and a jacket to them to get dry cleaned and I was very disappointed in the job.  I was actually unsure whether they had actually dry cleaned anything and had to take all the clothes to another place.
The food is pretty good, however, it is pretty greasy. Also, the diner isn't exactly cleanly. I noticed massive amounts of grease on the walls around the grill area....gross!
produce here is cheaper then other places , since this is the only thing i am buying :) also natto is also more affordable then other places
Nice gingery dense thin waffles. Standard fried chicken. Didn't live up to the hype.
We got there and we had to wait due that it was packed, but it wasnt a long wait until we got our seats...\n\nWaitresses are kind and helpful...\n\nOverall, it was a pleasant experience, i would go back...
Convenient, efficient, and one spot above \"fast food\" but a gimmicky upgrade only and def overpriced.....welcome to Vegas!
Had issues over parking. I went in to discuss them with the owner and found him to be most unfriendly. I will won't be eating here and would encourage others to stay away also.
ok so my arm was twisted.... I was guilted but now i'm found.
This is a highly over rated establishment.  The sushi rolls are pre made for speed and the toppings are added upon ordering so the rice is hard and cold.  The hot food is good but very pricey.  There are many other options that will yield you a better value.
Always good, especially the wings, and I have tried all the wing spots within a five mile radius.
They didn't frisk me, which is a negative or a positive depending on what kind of mood I'm in, and the fella that checked my ticket was a sweet pea.
This place is a hip breakfast spot with great food.  My family regularly goes here for the outstanding food; however the service needs a kick in the ass.  A waitress named Briana is prob the best waitress I ever had in ANY breakfast spot in my 14yrs since moving to Scottsdale. However if you get another waitress good luck.
Was really looking forward to checking out howl at the moon. I'd been to another location years ago. Singers tonight were terrible, I've heard better karrioki ( however it is spelled). Left before finishing overpriced drinks.
Try the Shanghai dumplings, lettuce wrap,  Chilean seabass, tofu with eggplant,  Hakka noodles, asparagus, and macarons!  Delish!  Server's and bartenders know their stuff here and it has an awesome romantic vibe.
Clean cuts and a reasonable price. Barber cut me and the homie's hair great and I'm going to be going back. They can cut my Macklemore ass combover, fades, and whole lot more. Location is close to UNLV campus. I'd recommend Fade em all.
I have eaten here twice.  First time was ok, and second time was just bad.   Service was ok, not impressed.  I don't recommend this restaurant. More of a tourist trap than fine dining.
this is inside the plaza hotel so if you park there its a $5.00 charge. the pizza was ok nothing special. i did like the fried pickles spears and the garlic fries, but not enough to make me go back. over all it is an average pizza joint.
Living yoga center just moved from downtown Champaign to a beautiful studio in downtown Urbana. The instructors are so caring an they offer classes for a variety of styles and levels. I highly recommend Mary's flow classes! Mary also has a massage studio called Green Yoga Spa right next door.
Bob was awesome.  He arrived promptly on time and solved the problem with my porch light in a matter of minutes.  He was very friendly and professional.  Egan Electrical will be the first company I call in the future.  Another very satisfied customer.
With so many places to go in Las Vegas I can't really claim that this is a must see. It is fun to go to the miracle mile shops though.
Sushi was about the same quality as what you'd find in a grocery store. Wouldn't go back for it.
This place is loads of fun!  Tons of arcade/pinball machines from the 40's to present day.  You could spend hours here for just a few bucks.  All the older machines are just 25 cents per play.  Worth a stop here.
Went here based on other Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed! I had a chocolate shake and it was delicious. Also sampled the kids' root beer float and soft-serve, and both were yummy.\n\nThe only downfall is the place is tucked in the back of the Sam's Town casino.
My favorite Starbucks to go to! They're so kind and my favorite sandwich from here is the vegetable and fontiago. It's delish! Recommend this location it's great!
Let me start by saying the rooms are clean, the area is nice and it's a free breakfast. But they lose two stars because they didn't have a coffee maker or an iron so I had to go out tired and wrinkled. Oh, and their Wi-Fi was down.
Great place to chill after a crazy night out. Especially convenient for ladies after queuing and dancing for 3 hrs straight from marquee. Besides the lovely chandelier that covers the entire bar, it is just a very low key place to rest your feet and finally talk to people.
well, wifi is not for free. Food sucks. Far from downtown but you can take either monorail or bus.
The bbq was moderate, however, the service is horrible. Our server was definitely either having a bad day or Hayes his job. :\\
I've been coming here for years- never once has it failed to get me into great spirits. I love this atmosphere, how relaxed people are immediately upon entering. Truly excellent service.
This is one of the best Japanese Korean restaurants I've been to since living in those countries. Thank God there's finally good Korean in the far west valley!
Awesome - I have been going here for about 3 months now. Rose does my nails and I absolutely think she takes the time to do it right. It's nice to know someone takes their time and doesn't rush.\n\nA little on the high end - but worth it!
I like this a lot better than any of the other take out pizza in the area. This is a quick and tasty Sunday night dinner.
I just happened to pass by for a cheap margarita in a yard container that costs only $15.  I love the drink.  Nothing to comment about this hotel, it didn't really appeal to me.  But I might check that out next time.
Ah yes, a lovely view\n\nThe downside about being in Edinburgh castle is you cant see Edinburgh castle
I love this place because its simple, cheap, and delish. I love the variety of flavors they have. I go at least twice a week. \n\nI gave them 4 stars, because I prefer the snow cone place I go to in TX... but def my favorite in NV. :)
Best sushi, ever.
Had the \"Winkie\" and sorry to say it was disgusting. It was an oily bomb of sugar that burned my throat with the ridiculous amount of sugar in this product. Health wise you would be better off eating a real Twinkie. The Winkie left such a bad taste in my mouth that I am afraid to try anything else.
Great coffee, great food, and great pastries! In such a small town, it is such a pleasure to have such a great locally owned coffee shop. Definitely stop in if you live in CG, or if you are just rolling through. You will be treated well, and leave with some great food.
Yarora - tasty-  French fries smothered in ketchup, ground beef, mayonnaise abd cheese -      Could nit even eat small large porti.
Pizza was okay, tasted a lot like Peter piper. Just cheap pizza that is good enough to eat. Crust was super super salty. There are many other pizza places I would eat at before I would get this. Jimmy and joes pizza blows this away. If you looking for just okay pizza at a good price this is for you.
I went in for a facial today with Liz (really beautiful girl) and she did a great job!  $80 facial (before the 20% first time local's discount) with a shoulder wash and about a dozen different lotions and creams for the face, not to mention a really nice shoulder and scalp massage!  Highly recommended!
Good music and dancers on Thursday Salsa & Club Night.
View is great.My waiter (Michael) was a snob. I asked for cocktail sauce and he rolled his eyes.  Food was just average at best. I have had much better meals. Great place for dinner with a view, but expensive with marginal food.
i love good burgers and this place didnt meet my expectations what so ever. Was not even as spicy as i would have liked. If i return ill try the jalapeno burger for sure.
I had an appointment at 1030am. I am still waiting on answers from doc its almost 2pm.
Great burger, average everything else.  Packed house on a Friday evening and it took a while to get a table which is a positive on their end, they have a great built in clientele.  Atmosphere is a little cookie cutter family restaurant looking.  We'll be back but aren't making it a priority.
Good food but stay away from the Steak Tampiquena tougher than a rubber tire - toughest meat ever !!! Awesome Barbacoa
Got the order wrong, one item and tried to over charge me!  No one in the drive thru at all. Went to filibertoes down the street at Signal Butte and 6 cars in line!  Hope the OWNER can get things together. Disappointing to say the least.
For Asian food not do good.  Average at best and overpriced gor quality.   The menu isn't that great.   There are much better Asian restaurants on China town.
Visiting Vegas from Phoenix and hoped to fit in some hookah. Both Yelp and The signs outside CEO  said they'd be open. Sadly, they were closed!
This is the place to come for worship if you are gay and not guilty. I have come a few time and it has been very inspiring, they even have a huge rainbow flag at the entrance...lovely music and lots of eye candy
Watered down version of peep show which was a great great show. Don't expect this show to knock your socks off but it will entertain you which is the goal
Wanted zer0 stars- Love living here, but Mkt St is a fake and so is Danny Little- He's little- doesn't return calls and living in a dream about what is going on re this fake nice place to live and frequent
Excellent sandwiches!  I recommend the corned beef on rye or grilled ham and cheese.  Most guys like the cheese steaks.  The salads are decent here too.  I don't like the reheated pizza slices here but if you order a whole pizza fresh it's very good.
Went in today and asked for John, my mechanic.  They said he no longer works there.  Wouldn't trust the rest of them to work on my daughter's PowerWheel.
Food was ok but service was incredibly slow for a small lunch crowd.  Waitress had no idea what beers were on draft.  Maybe the dinner staff is better....
Just an FYI...brought my daughter there for ice cream tonight and they are closed . Looks like all equipment is gone. Sad Loss for the area
Disappointed, had the shrimp burrito, lots of rice, very little shrimp.
BEST SUSHI PLACE IN THE CITY. I've been here multiple times and the rolls meet all expectations. Freshness, Flavor, Presentation, Large Rolls, High End quality. Nice little setup too! The service is a little bit average but who cares! Drink and have some rolls :)
This place is usually dirty, very small, bad selection, crowded, and slow. I don't go there.
Not sure if this has changed hands, but the gyro I got had minimal meet at best. Big dissatisfaction. Won't be back
Taste of pizza excellent but it arrived lukewarm on the table and the dough was \"mushy\", wet and not cooked enough. Nice place with helpful waiters but  we came to taste the pizzas that were described as great by the Arizona Republic food critic. Too bad but we will not go back
They quit selling fried oysters! Couldn't tell me why either. The fried oysters were my favorite too....Dam!!!
Below average food above average prices.  Order a pizza once but the cardboard box tasted better.  Cashier is friendly but that does not help other the food.  Burger patties are precooked.  Not sure if I would purchase one.  On Thursday they sell sub sandwiches they are not too bad.
Really disappointed at today's grooming, I took my Pomeranian puppy for a trim and clearly told the groomer (Amanda) not to touch the tail nor the mane, what I found when I go pick up my puppy? Her tail trimmed and her main all fucked up with uneven lines all along....definitely not going back
Superior service. Great coffee. Can't wait to come back often to explore the delectable menu.
Very friendly and helpful service. Manager Linda was great in my time of need. The whole place is spotless and nice and cool in this heat. The prices are affordable and worth it for the service you get. There is no trace of bugs or even dirt. Would recommend any time.
Stay at the hyatt for a much better hotel, breakfast included there and it's AMAZING. Stay here cause it's on mill ave. not that nice, room is smaller than what you can get at the hyatt.
It was better than I expected as far as \"To Go\" sushi is concerned. It i was kinda pricey though.
Amazing!!! Got all 3 of the bureks - spinach, cheese and meat - love the meat! but all spectacular! Great people too!
The food is overpriced for what you get.  Yes it is fresh and yes it is decent.  However the sandwiches are small and covered in mayonaise.  Just over all not impressed.
Great hotel and the casino actually smells good doesn't smell like smoke like most casinos in Vegas. And the service was great.
I've been going to this place for over 20 years and the owner always recognizes me and greets me warmly. \nBEST BLUEBERRY CAKE donuts I've ever had and I know my way around a donut or two.
I have shopped for my wife at both locations and found the staff to be very helpful and pleasant. Carine has a great eye for fashion and keeps her merchandise up with the latest trends and classic styles.
Slightly below average
Super nice guys that worked there! Super patient with their customers! Usually you feel rushed and awkward, but the two guys working when I was there just now were awesome!
one word: wow. even getting 86'd from here, still the best club ive ever been to. \ncant wait to see what my credit card bill looks like. prolly in the thousands. good thing i left a trail of destruction on my way out. ill be back, next year.
horrible excuse for a restaurant. sandwkch was tasteless, chicken tenders served\ncold and hard, no ketchup (?), ditsy workers. do not waste your time.
Meh. I was really excited to find this place but was just disappointed. The food was ok but not great. It was a little pricy for what you get
Ambiance was nice. Food was delivered swift which initially I thought was great. However, it proved to be under prepared and hardly mediocre.\n\nI will give it one more try.
This place is my new addiction. The whole staff is friendly and encouraging. The workout is always different and challenging but you never feel like you can't accomplish the moves.
A total waste of time. No poop bags, lots of poop everywhere, no grass, very small. My dogs thought it was boring. We are out of here.
Love the sandwiches, wish that they would put mash potatoes and gravy on the Bobbie!!!!!
This place is not what it once was. it is a shell of its self, with outsourced beer production, canned food, and bad service. Sorry to be so negative, it has earned it however.
Oh man, I can't really choose between Perkins and IHOP because they are both equally BAD. Perkins was dark and depressing and the food was extremely oily. Ask yourself: Do you want to start your day with breakfast (or lunch or dinner for that matter) at this place?
will no longer go to this shop.  bought a vaporizer that does not work.  The store will not refund my money even for a broken device.  not even replace broken device.\nthere are plenty of smoke shops in town to go to.
Solid take-out wraps to bring with you on the plane!!! Delicious!
If loving a chain is wrong I don't wanna be right. I lo-oove their classic fish taco. It is perfection. Their shrimp tacos and fish burro are delicious as well.  The staff at this location is always very friendly and helpful.
Tasty food, friendly staff, fun atmosphere to watch soccer. The lamb stew, wings, and pastrami reuben were all deeelish. Be forewarned, the hot wings are no joke.
Worth mentioning in a conversation about Five Guys and/or In-N-Out. Especially considering it's true underdog status of airport food. The same style of ordering, single or double patty, w/ or w/o onions, and of course thousand island. Milkshakes are good too.
100% agree with Mollie. The rooms were spacious, beds were super comfortable and the shampoos and soaps and such were amazing! I will most definitely be back to this place! Oh I forgot about the chocolate olives that they serve you in a martini glass when you check in! :)
There aren't that many privately own places left in this world, it seems. I love this place! Great staff and good food!
My wife and i had a very bad experience with this hotel. The service was very poor, they over book their rooms, they would not accommodate us for their screw up, the place stinks with sour mildew,sewer smell with cigarette second hand smoke. I rate this place a Big fat 0.
you gotta try the lamb, its out of this world, its so nice and tender.  we waited a long time.  the food was pretty good.  i had to get some cotton candy, it was good!! :)
Food was good but very pricey. Bad service.
Good standard sushi
I expected to be treated better for the money that was spent. Customer service needs to improve.
Paradise bakery is very good.  Good selections and excellent pastries.
I ordered 7 items and only received 5. FAIL! Now one of my kids has to go hungry tonight. Thanks Taco Bell.
It's diner food for the most part.But I'll take it after a Long night of drinking.
Great.  Never would have expected greek gyros driving by the place.\n\nWe had great service, all the food was delicious and down to earth.
Let's put it this way. \n\nI liked the chocolate chip cookie and Oreo sugar cookie.\n\nI LOVED the cinnamon bun. Loads of icing, almost as good as Oram's (my benchmark). \n\nVery good, but not great.
from the outside the windows look big. \nbut when you get to your room, you only get a fourth of that window. \nin a small little corner. \nand the room was a little bit dark.
Randy's is highly recommended. After purchasing and (subsequently breaking) a specialty tool, necessary for a repair, a friend recommended Randy's and they got us out of a bind. They were incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. They had us in and out in no time.
Going to put this in the overrated bucket.  Maybe I need to try more things, but the Brazilian was very disappointing: some sweet sauce on a flat bread with a couple of chunks of chicken.  Don't see the allure.
My dog got razor burn twice on his penis area! Had to go to the vet because of it!
Great room and even better in room dining staff. Check in line was a little long but everything else was easy thanks to the technology available (TV check out from room). Valet was easy and quick service each morning. I would stay again or recommend to others.
The food is great... but the wait is long.
Great food, but the 1hr wait for a patio table ruined it (while there were a few open tables out there).
A year ago we stayed here as our first Fremont Street hotel.  We were really impressed by the rooms and the bar/restaurant.  We tried another hotel on the street a few months later, similar price, the Four Queens definitely stood out as the best deal.  We are heading there tomorrow for our second stay and are really looking forward to it.
XS is now a favorite! The music has gotten WAYYYYY better, but I think its probably because they've got competition now with Marquee at The Cosmopolitan! XS is always a favorite...and oldie but a goodie! :)
Our child loves the petting zoo area. Her favorite animals are the wallabies. I only wish the areas for the Tigers were a little bigger. Would love to do a charity thing at the zoo to raise money for the Tiger Enclosures. And even a bigger area for the wallabies.
The quality of this buffet has really gone downhill. There was hardly and different types of food to choose from and what was there was not good quality. We won't be back.
Friendly and fast service. Everything I have had on the menu was wonderful.
Nice venue,  good food, great beer, awful service.  Staying at the Sheraton here I've patronized Bar Louie a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time, without exception.
Bite after bite was orgasmic!!! I ordered a filet mignon special and it was amazing. This is a great restaurant, with awesome service. Unfortunately, there was a fly in my wine which turned me off severely. Other than that, great choice nat! I'll give it an A-.
Its overrated. Big line. Average food, service, drinks. Cost for 3  adults for dinner on saturday around $57.48. Nothing special. Move on people nothing to eat here!
It's the newest terminal for McCarran. It's like a mall, it has shops and restaurants. I love how walking through it, you forget that you're in an airport. It would be nice if they have a charging station for your iPods, iPhones, iPads etc.
the experience was good, good food and laughs. I do think it is a tiny bit over priced... $6 for a side salad..and about $16 for a pilsner beer. But overall it was good
The food here was really good and the service was really quick too! Since moving, was having trouble finding a new sushi place closer to home. Little did I know it was literally right around the corner! Very good food and great friendly service.
Just called the phone number, it's out of service. Web site is still up. Looks like another one bites the dust.
Mediocre food. The staff also has no idea what the hours are. Yelp and their website says they are open until 10pm but I was just turned away at 8:45 because they just closed. Avoid.
This review is for the Barista! \n\nThank you for making me a proper double americano! It was fab!
Nice, Trendy. Overall great place, I'm a fan. Lot's to see. Drinks are deadly good here.
Very very slow service!! Keep on bringing other people's order to us and 20 mins to get a rainbow roll :(
Bad service! The tech messed up on my nails they were lumpy I did not have time to stay. When I came back they gave me a hard time they even called the tech to make sure I was correct! Who does that!!!
Our favorite Greek spot in town. Best fries on the planet!!!
The food is damn good. I've been coming to this restaurant for years. I love thAt Kung pao chicken.
Hits: all about music, not a scene\n\nMisses: limited bar, but see above\n\nHints: go any night there is a show.  Even if you don't enjoy the band, you'll love the company.
Interesting little place with some OK beers. Husband and wife running things and both were very nice. Could have lived without the customer's baby but people are generally stupid. Good starter.
Their chocolate mint and strawberry flavors are my favorites!\n\nBring a camera--this place has plenty of photo ops!
I went down to Vitense for some late night indoor mini-golf and I had a great time! I have to say that this was one of the most fun mini-golf experiences I've had. The only downside is that it was really dead when we were in there, so there was no other people to interact with.
was very  disappointed. Tofu was used instead of paneer. There was no briyani, no papad, Nan's were cold.
This place is some sort of bizarre. Everytime I come here it is for some reason, and that reason always leads it to being packed. It has been rumored that this is a great place to study. Every now and again it has bands that play.
Local favorite due to location and price.  Highly recommend the Southwest Chicken Salad, zesty and good portion size.  Their (normal) fries are great.
What you want, print, ship, key cut and notary with a friendly attitude.  Easy parking. Thank you!
Delicious carnitas for 6.50 a pound,  fresh, spicy,  homemade salsa and yummy homemade tortillas!   The real deal!,
Another average buffet on the Strip.
I am a big fan and loyal customer of Grazie! They have an amazing staff, great selection of wines and their salads and pizza are incredible! The ambience is great whether I come in by myself, with my family or on a date. I highly recommend Grazie for the best Italian food in town.
The studio is amazing! I have been suffering from back pain for years but now with the help of pilates, I don't suffer any longer. I recommend this studio for anyone that wants to get in shape and move freely without pain. I have been to a few studios in Las Vegas but this one is the best!!!
Probably fine if you are looking for a hostel like experience.  Avoid at all costs otherwise.  Very bad for business travelers and a poor value for recreational visitors as well.  Still cringing at the $12 buffet of make-it-yourself instant oatmeal.\n\nA memorably bad hotel.
Place was simple amazing. Sushi was fresh and drinks were amazing. The service for being a busy holiday weekend was fast and attentive. Missing the sushi and drinks!!!
Stopped in for lunch last week.  The pizza is gross, SO GREASY it was not funny.  They do have large pieces but the quality is horrible.
This restaurant is fantastic! The service and the vibe is great! But most importantly the food was amazing! Best shawarma in town! It's the Closest thing you have, that tastes like food in Israel! Defiantly recommend this restaurant! 5 stars all day son!
Wednesday is Wingsday!!! All you can eat $12.99 And my server was the best! Crystal was so attentive, friendly, and kept are drinks topped off. I'm good w that. See ya next week Crystal!
Great little lunch spot with a bar located on the outskirts of the turquoise triangle known as old town. Always quality food, specials are tasty, and won't put a hurt on your wallet. I am sure they get busier during spring training, but good to know that they are open all year.
Great casual atmosphere and fast.  If you like Gyros, you will like this place a lot.  There seems to be a lot of Gyros places opening up these days but, none with service this good.  Nina, is top rate and friendly.  The prices are good as anywhere and the food is good as well.
Not sure what I was thinking by ordering a catfish dinner from a pizza joint. But let me tell you, I have learned my lesson. Worse thing I have ever had delivered to the office. I really wish there was someplace good to order food near where I work.
Wisco so much the same only not so much.\n GoodPeople to sit and have a wee one or \n  A bite with me.\nTiny Ryan Brooks Brooke and company\n Will bring a smile to your face along with\n Your favorite beverage And they'll cook,too.
Outstanding, friendly and fast service. My wife and I had the Cajun shrimp appetizer. For dinner we had the shrimp pasta with capers. It was outstanding. We ate every bite. We also had a few beers.  Our server even offered us to go cups for our beer. Gotta love Vegas.
Best black bean burger ever in life, get the onion sticks instead of fries. Always crowded but really delicious. There salads topped with a burger are pretty good!
Nice, friendly staff.  WIsh they had what I had come in for.  Carmex anyone?  I thought it was a regular staple at any drugstore....
Had the beef sausage with hot peppers with small fries which cost about $9.\n\nAlthough the portion size was big, I hated how soggy the kaiser roll was. Also, I noticed the hot dog was burnt on both ends which killed hot dog for me. Fries were fresh, but nothing special.
Good selection, well stocked, and fairly reasonable prices. I like the food and wine sections best - lots of my favorite British desserts, candies, and chocolates at decent prices. Also a good place to go if you need to find a gift for someone but you're not sure what to get.
Food was amazon, service great too. A little pricy but worth it for a nice date night
Another cool atmosphere like everyone had mentioned, got there at 11:30 before the \"lunch rush\" and enjoyed my tofu wrap. Great place to hang & chat on the patio. Another great addition to Arcadia! Definitely a keeper in my book & won't be my last visit.
Radio Shack does not honor the manufacture warranty unless you purchase the extended warranty from Radio Shack.  I will NEVER purchase anything from Radio Shack again and recommend that you don't either!
This place has been going downhill for awhile and once the Star Trek Experience closed and the Star Trek Convention moved they lost their main tourist draws.  This place is off the strip and is getting rough around the edges.  I did win $300 on roulette here.
What to do on a typical work day Wednesday???? That's right, happy hour! SoCal fish tacos was perfect for a mid-week happy hour. They have $1 tacos and some tasty drinks! Check it out and sit on the back patio for a nice relaxing happy hour!
very very good Indian restaurant  in las Vegas blvd ,indiamasala dosa &samber same like chennai taste ,we had wonderful food'  less price, lot of food.
As far as theaters go in this area, I know I don't want to go to Metro Center.
The food was pretty amazing for the price and Omar was a very friendly, helpful server!  We ate until we were stuffed for $22, we'll definitely be back.
Loved this place! The cauliflower appetizer is delish and the pizza was very good. Our waiter knew the menu including the specials like the back of his hand and made lots of suggestions. Very friendly! Maybe a bit expensive, but I didn't mind as we had such a good experience and our food and service was excellent!
We had a great meal here with excellent service.  The atmosphere was very nice.  We had a pizza,gnocchi and a cheeseburger all was very good.
Love, love, love this store. I could spend hours just walking around and browsing.. at a hardware store! The employees are very helpful and they take time to explain gardening, soil ph, and tips for making your yard look gorgeous. AND the free popcorn doesn't hurt :)
I had a Bacardi Pepsi coke. I don't like Pepsi.  Not too good. Irish Killian Red not much better. My guest had a Pina Colada which was good. Service was very good.
Pretty good service.  Bowling could've been better as far as lane condition and ball selection.  But had a great time overall.
Great place for sports, shooting pool, playing shuffleboard...you name it!  Just had the chicken Oriental Salad and it was excellent!!
Los Taquitos has always been a favorite at work.  Almost every Friday my co-workers and I make a giant order and it always comes out great!  Try the potato, egg, and cheese burrito (served all day).  Good stuff!
I bought a graduation cake for my son.  It was amazing.  It looked beautiful and was the most delicious cake I ever tasted - and I am a competitive baker!  A little expensive, but worth every penny!  Highly recommend.  They don't disappoint.
We live right around the corner, so it is very close and convenient.  We go there for lunch or dinner and I have even ordered their party trays for my parties.  Food and service is really great.  Whenever we have the need for Chinese food, we are there!!
Great take out, sweet staff. Very delicious Egg Foo. Also killer egg rolls. And it is all next door to my house.
One of the best places to eat. Food was awesome and a reasonable price. Our sever was so sweet and attentive. I think this is our new Saturday spot.
I will never do business with BMO nor will I recommend anyone. Lesley Anne Heales, CSI Manager, gives out personal info on public Facebook pages, and has over 20 fake profiles & pages where she uses horrible language and falsely accuses people of being pedophiles. What a disgrace she is.
We have been ordering pizza from NYPD for years... excellent every time!  never a disappointment like STREETS of NEW YORK.... we have had MANY bad experiences with them... but never NYPD.  Great Staff & good food... Keep up the good work!
This is where I get my Korean Hawaiian plate fix.  Love the veggies that come with the meal, so Ono and the soup.  Saimin is awesome too.
I've been coming to this specific location since I was 8 years old, so atleast 17 years!! Always have had great food and one of the only ones I've been to that have the Lobster Tails. They are my favorite and I come here almost every year for my birthday! AW
I absolutely love this place. I go to the one in Centennial Hills. I'm so excited that there is one orb up the street from my home now!  Thank Divine Threading for opening a closer, New location! ! Now all you guys need to do is move Sarah to this location.
Wonderful coffee! Oh my god, we both lived it. Took cuppacino and latte. Both were very tasty. We had to ask for extra hot though. We didn't have to ask for extra shot and neither needed sugar :). So yummy!
Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere! They have the best Saganaki (opa!!), Eggplant spread (melizanosalata), Pastitsio & Moussaka around!! The next closest place with this kind of great food is probably in Chicago!!
Yelp didn't let me down with this one.   The food was amazing.  The green chili dish for starters will knock your socks off.  Did a pork dish for main dish and it was outstanding.  For a dessert try the banana foster beignets and you will be happy.
Just not much shade when it's time to walk around in that AZ heat.  Love the Food Selections overall and the Lulu Lemon store.
Disappointed in quality of overall meal - the meats and breads were OK.  The pierogies were NOT good, too doughy and greasy.
Ghetto, dirty and very rundown. one star was placed for location. that's pretty much it.
Great place! Clean, not smokey!! GREAT for watching the games...ANY! The barkeep, Tyler, is phenomenal!! Easy going, funny, great mixologist!!
Love Rose nails!  My mom my sister and I have been going to them for 9 years. They are great, my gel polish and pedicures always look amazing. Rose also does such a great job on my eyebrows! I would recommend this place to everyone on the southwest side of town!
An outstanding eatery.  Exquisite Cuisine served in a truly comfortable relaxed environment by attentive servers soothed by a marvelous pianist.  The Special of the Day Halibut with a unique ratatouille sauce was wonderful.\n\nYou'll have to save up for this one, though
Best veggie burger I had in Vegas! I love how you get to build your own burger.
Friendly staff and consistently good service. This location needs to be expanded however. Often times you can't get a seat. I've seen in.erous people come and and leave without buying anything due to lack of seating. Me included. Take over the location next door and expand.
A note posted on the door said that the business is closed and gave instructions on how to reclaim laundry that had been left there.
Good salad rolls and a very cozy, trendy vietnamese restaurant.  Just not that blown away with the menu options.
I got one of the banana sundaes. It was pretty good, not amazing though. I'm not that into ice cream though. They messed up my sister in laws order though.. Twice kinda. Pretty good though, I'll go back with the fam.
The gumbo was GREAT!  I will have to go back to try something else.  I was in a hurry this time around.
The food is very good & the prices R great, especially for the amt of food you get.
If you want good coffee, keep on moving. If I made coffee like this not only would it be free, but I'd apologize to those accepting.
I bought their Groupon and have called several times and sent several emails about making a reservation and they do not reply.  They are a scam, avoid them, they take your money and screw you.  Now I need to call Groupon to get my money back!
Food was ok, not bad but not amazing. Enchiladas were dry. Portions were small for the price. Salsa was ok. Kinda bland.
This place wasn't that great. They have good rates but when I went back to have them fix something the lady argued with me. Not good customer service, I would advice you to find a different place if your looking for a place to feel special
PBLT - pastrami belly on a BLT. Even better than it sounds; the arugula complements the fatty meat well. And the bread (thick cut) is excellent.
This place is really good! We ordered corn beef hash, country fried steak and pumpkin bread. Happy New Years 2015!
Costco is great- I love going here. This Costco is always so busy and they get you through the lines pretty fast. I just wish they would change up there veggie selection once in a while. It has been the same stuff for YEARS!!
Tuesday specials. Two for 99 cents!!!!!! -leg and thigh. Wow...that is a great deal for me. My weekly fix for good fried chicken comes at s bargain. Make sure you do not let it get cold because it tastes the best fresh from the fryer.
Cool set up! We liked the feel of the place. The food was good, but I guess we were hoping for really good. We would return but only if we were in the area.
Bummer. I was just there a month ago and had a good sandwich. Stopped by Friday 7/27 and the place is closed with paper over all the windows.
Absolutely, the best Sushi in Madison.  No pretense, just excellent, very fresh fish.  Comparable to the West coast.
Meh, it's ok.  Not as good as some of the other Hard Rock's I've ate at.  The waitress was friendly but overwhelmed a bit, and the food was just ok.
If you're craving a burger, this is the place to come. Great service, great food, and super fast!! We will definitely be back.
Got here at 3:25 pm, it is now 5: 25 pm. I finally saw the doctor. Waiting on my prescriptions for 15 minutes. I can hear the nurses gossiping in the hallway instead of getting my prescriptions.   It should be renamed \"slow as hell\" care...
Brighton is a class act. Their offerings are quality and there prices are in line. The folks here were a pleasant as could be and even offered me a bottle of water as I left.\nMy only complaint is that it's tucked back off the canal.
You don't get enough food for what you pay (I ordered to go lastnight and 1 lb of boneless wings amounted to 6 piece of chicken the size of half your thumb). Nonetheless, the towhead girl that greeted and took my order was cool and nice.
What can I say?   Desserts is amazing.  Not too sweet.  . Housemade Eggnog was delicous.   Dustin was a great server.  :)
Capt Ted and his wife were awesome. Their main focus is to make sure you have an awesome experience. These are the types of local businesses that I like to support.
This place is the best! Good food and even better prices. They have $3.98 rice bowls which are full of quantity AND quality; one of which you'd have to sacrifice elsewhere. I love ordering from here.
Under new ownership! Great service and prices!
Terrible food that made me sick. Awful service. And oddly enough, I got the same interaction regarding \"sides\" that others have posted here.
food lion has really stepped up and is very competitive with prices.. their store brands are fabulous! :) food lion is a fabulous value these days...
Best japanese food on the campus. Though it's a little pricy, the quality of the fish is very good. Suggest try gold rush, alligator, spider, and sakanaya. Ramen is no that great.
this place has gone down hill , everything taste bland, go to archies instead . it is worth the drive
The chicken Bryan is one of my favorite dishes in the whole city. I think it is absolutely incredible. The food servers are always amazing there  with a great attitude and friendly. I can't give them a 5 star because their red sauce is definitely lacking.
my boyfriend and i are huge fans of this place. the staff is super friendly, the food is delicious, and it's a very comfortable environment. definitely will be coming back!
The burger itself reminds me of freddy's steakburger, but the only difference is that this place is a little bit more expensive. Everything about this place is just ok, so don't believe the hype.
The ladies room has a vending machine with sexual practical jokes in it for $0.75 which are not worth the price.
Very good food!! A nice, clean and very friendly place. Prices are reasonable for authentic Mexican food. We have eaten there many times and always look forward to going back.
Not bad - $12 - I've had better - but not bad
Ok airport. My flight was on time this time
Great food. Our waitress was awesome. All in all this was a very good dining experience.
Although the wait to be served was approximately 40 minutes the wait was well worth it. We had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen with a side of Gyoza. The Ramen was the best we have tasted in the USA. Definitely a must visit whenever we are in Las Vegas.
You can't fool me.  This is not an outlet!  I can get this stuff at home!
Amazing! Loved every minute there! The service was superb, the steak was one of the best steaks I have ever had (20oz bone in rib eye). I will DEF be back. You MUST try this place. Jam packed because it's THAT GOOD!
My boyfriend and I ate here for breakfast, I ordered the typical bacon and eggs breakfast. Nothing special but it was just right. Everything was cooked perfect and the bacon was thick and delicious. Perfect hangover breakfast. We were the only ones in the restaurant at one point so the service was good, very attentive.
Went here for a special occasion. The ambiance was very warm -- a perfect location for a date night.  I was so impressed by the authenticity of the Italian food and the quality of the ingredients. I still dream about the scallops with saffron cream sauce. So delicious!
it's a healthy breakfast all day looking joint.  Remind me of sunrise cafe in Vegas.   very friendly service and prompt.  Definitely a good spot to go.
Everytime I'm the area I go here. I've had the New Yorker, the Ruban, and several of the sides. The food is always fresh, and the bread is soft. They have awesome options. Best sandwiches ever! This is a must go to.
Love tha Spicy Chicken Burrito with extra green sauce & tha Spicy Jack Chicken Quesidilla!!!!!
Fantastic salon experience! Wonderful service, helpful staff. Full range of services. I always feel prettier when i leave. Check them out!
Pretty much everything is good. I am a vegetarian so I stick the small plates. They have a wonderful selection of wine. The only thing that bothered me was the fact that they put potato in their falafel with is NOT okay!!!!
The service can be dire here, but the pizza's pretty good, and they have Moon Man on tap. This place wins my affection because they have NHL Network on their satellite package and don't have a problem showing the games - this is a definite rarity for Madison. Lots and lots of screens, too.
The cornbread was good but everything was without season and it was fruit Flys (along with the traps) everywhere! The collard greens had an excessive amount of uncooked onions and tomatoes. I would not recommend this to anyone if you are in the mood for good food.
Great atmosphere, food is pricey as Fuck tho!! I like it but your paying for the shitty attitude and service lol
Best hot chocolate ever, I highly recommend this place as the food is very good as well!
The end is near. Went for one last hurrah before closing.  Love westroc and their products but the thrill is gone from tv.
Portuguese food in Montreal used to be confined to the Portuguese area (near St-Laurent and Duluth) but with the rising popularity of these grill everywhere in the last few years they are beginning to appear in other neighborhoods. This one is pretty good and I would recommend it whenever you are around.
I love that most of their employees make it known that they would rather be anywhere else but here. \nThe prices are higher than most other competitors but it's the closest store to us so it's easy to get to.
Went here on lunch with a co worker. VERY good food! We had the pulled pork, cole slaw, potato salad and cornbread. Excellent food, excellent service. My recommendation: have the mac and cheese every day! :)
Ya know .. I don't get it .. seems like a small step up from an IHOP or Denny's .. maybe it's just me.
Went into the wild this weekend nice looking place service was horrible not a friendly environment customer service is at a low
Awesome! You must have a palate for wholesome foods. This place was great. Had a decent raw food menu as I enjoyed the raw pizza
Somewhat perplexed by the recent negative reviews I have read.. I have been dining there for over ten years and have been pleased with the service and the food quality.
Cannot compare with Tokyo buffet but still a decent choice if u wanna cram urself with food occasionally :) food on weekend is much better lol
Food is not as good as pictures look the beans tasted like sink water steak was nasty with no flavor . Pastor tacos were not like the pictures. only thing that was good was the hot dog . Not sure if ill come back unless im hungry for there hotdogs
Only place at 2am when the water was shut down in our room, it was ok, service was just ok, food was not bad but not memorable, maybe it is better during daylight?
Nice stuff but terrible service. It really  makes the entire experience go downhill. The ladies would not even acknowledge my presence in the store. I went in to buy a birthday gift and they lost a sale. Too bad...
Great ambiance, severs, food, location. Enough said.  Must try their edaname dumplings and their banana pudding.
Fast filipino food. Lately been getting soggy rice. Uhg. Food is ok not the most amazing but its difficult to replicate home cooked filipino food.
Love stopping here.  Have to watch the specials - if things are marked down - they are usually very ripe and have to be used that day but what great specials.  Found some great locally made items too.
Very nice airport! Lots of places to spend money!!! No electrical outlets- (few), a guy wants me to tip him in the bathroom?? He ain't wiping my ass!!! And typical 3 hr layover to get fricking anywhere! I hate this place...:)
They have the best clothing selection!!! Perfect place to go to find a Halloween costume too!! They are so helpful!
Very nice casual restaurant appropriate for families.  My kids (15, 12, 10) all loved it. The food was very good and both desserts were outstanding. The service was prompt and very friendly. I highly recommend Humble Pie!
Phone guy was RUDE!  Should probably consider providing better service when you have epic Papa Dels to compete with.
Its a great Hotel.  All I can say is this is the best place to go to and have a great time.  You can also check out the sister which is the Encore.\n\nI took my cousin to the Ferrari Store and he loved it.\n\nI stayed there for 2 weeks and everything was just amazing.
Bernice and crew did a great job on our 2005 Honda Pilot. Also had two windows retinted. Very detailed work and very friendly people there. I have another car that I will be bringing in soon. Highly recommended. Price was fair and reasonable as well.
The food (I had the tutto pasta) was very good.  The dessert (mixed berry tart) was ok.  Would've given 4 stars had I not had to wait 10 minutes at each opportunity (for water, for initial order, and probably 15 minutes just to get my check).
Such a great time here nothing but laughs. Very sexual and sensual and allot\nOf talent. I sat in the middle I don't regenerate how much were the tickets but it was worth it even tho I left early due to personal reasons lol
I have enjoyed Lawry's on several occasions and one thing people need to remember is they ain't changed anything since the 60's. It is what it is \nand it aint gonna change. You had better be ready for Prime Rib cause that's all it is. Damn it I like it.
This place is located in a strip mall on Durango just North of Flamingo. When you walk in you notice right away all the memorabilia on the walls from Chicago.\n\nThe food was okay. I had the Italian beef sandwich. It was definitely not made like Al's Italian Beef in Chicago.
Wow- better than expected!!! Good food, fast service!! I got the seaweed salad, kids had chicken Katsu, and the dragon roll!!!
Ferraro's had a great atmosphere, and the food is delicious! They offer a few happy hour options to choose from. Definitely suggest trying Ferraro's.
Celebrity chef restaurant?  Sounds overrated, but it's not.  The view is amazing, the ambiance is relaxed.  Service is friendly but not as top notch as you would expect.  The food is great.  It's a high end gastro pub asian fusion mash.  My kind of stuff.  Even the sides were great.
Great decor.  Friendly service.  Good, healthy food options.
Great food and big portions. One of the only places to find bubble tea in Charlotte! Reasonably priced, too.
Fair.  Great lunch prices
Well... They said were you can find the \"best oxtail soup\". It's ok. Try the Filipino breakfast it comes with tocino. Bad service. Our server disappeared after giving us our check .I WILL NOT COME BACK HERE AGAIN!!
Darn good Pho!
Nice and convenient that it's inside the Signature, but really overpriced compared to a normal Starbucks. No names on the drinks which always leads to confusion. It's a great thing to write costumers name on the drink, so why not do it here?
I just left here a minute ago...got my nose & tongue pierced & my ear lobes re-pierced! I love the shop, the people working there & their prices! I'm taking my 6 year old @ 17 year old there to get ear piercings :)
Fantastic fresh pasta and the pizza are great. Salad and homemade soups are always fresh and excellent.  Great beer and wine selection round out a gem of Phoenix.
good food, had Pad Thai with chicken and chicken curry lunch specials. both were good. Can't believe it was so close to me and hadn't tried it till now. will definitely go again.
Service was slow. Water glass goes empty. The sushi was fresh but doesnt taste good. The sauce over powers the sushi.
Seafood chowder was delicious... Lots of meat in it! Loved the steamed clams. Not crowded, will come again if in town :)
The only thing good that we ordered from this place was the blaked clams and the kobe beef fried rice. Stick to nobu instead
Extremely slow drive thru. Like what are you doing?? Why does it always take FOREVER to get a $3 burger, you have like 5 items, you can't make them quickly?? Other places have like 20-30 options and they crank cars through.
Love fish and chips if they are done well and this place has it. Different fish to choose from, fast service and great British takeaway ambiance.
The store is supposed to open at 9am and the lady in the store seemed crabby and put out that she had to unlock the door at 9:05. She walked over flipped the lock and walked away in a huff. I was there for 15 minutes and she didn't even say hello!
soild sandos. just go.
Ordered delivery and I would have to say this is not a recommended place for Asian food. Did not mind the 45 minute for delivery, but the food from the rice to garlic chicken to the soup was disgusting.  More vegetables then meat. Paid $33 and barely ate anything.
I'm so sorry to hear that this locally-owned establishment is closing it's doors after 2.5 years.  I'm really going to miss the sour cream fries, the friendly servers and all of the cute wedding reception pictures on the walls!  Good luck to Jim and Cathy on their next venture.
The coffee is good, but that staff is terrible. Have frequently heard one of the girls that works there chew-out other employees...save the bitchiness for when you don't have a line of customers
Had 2 sweaters, 1 shirt, and 2 coats to be dry cleaned.  The coat was returned to me after 3 days, saying they can't service coats with plastic buttons.  Earlier notification would have been better.  The other items were cleaned satisfactorily, though I would have liked them starched a bit more.
Took over 45 minutes. Not freaky fast :( & the bread was stale. \n\nWe order alllllllll the time from this location....they must be having a bad day,
We went here a couple weeks ago....honestly, wayyy disappointed.  Ordered a pizza with a couple toppings...came out and just really was not done hardly at all and cheese tasted gross and super super cheap. Not good. Never going back! The only thing that made it better was our Four Peaks beer
This place is a freakin joke. The food sucks even if you're Really hungry .Chewy meat with gristles, where do they get this cheap meat? Place sucks . I had like two bites, then tossed it out.
Meh was just there to get free yelp drinks..Just another Casino
Scenery nice, food meh.
Do not bother unless you like to be ignored.   Was at the bar playing poker for more than 20 minutes with no bar service.  Good Job James the bartender.  Look for a new job
The only thing that's good here is the won ton noodles, i mean the texture of the noodles... Other than that everything else was NO BUENO! Our vietnamese coffee was watered down, and our duck was OLD! never again!
Good for drinks and light meals/appetizers, especially the blood orange margaritas!
Cirque du Soleil has high standards and does not miss on this show.  If you have seen other Cirque shows you will not be impressed by this one as it is the standard mix of high wire, ropes, balancing etc.  The performers are amazing and entertaining but nothing seperates this Cirque show from the pack
Great place!! I'm a bit of a picky person and they made my order just the way I wanted it!! And even gave me a free dessert for my birthday!
Great, authentic German food. Excellent service. My one and only complaint is that there is no reason at all why the polka band needed to be amplified so loud.
Yummy pizza! Their portions are a bit small for the price, but it usually tastes pretty good. Can't wait to try their breakfast menu soon!
Thanks for the reply. I provided direct feedback through the Massage Envy survey six days ago.
Worst service. The cashier was trying to make the mcflurry and knew it was running out of mix. Instead of just telling me we are low on mix she gave me half a cup! Never again.
fun environment and menu. food and service was, meh....just ok. drinks weren't as strong as what we paid for.
Stopped in with my girls. \n\nThe service was great & the food was to be expected. \n\nThe strawberry milkshake was superb.
Had a delicious lemon curd paczki and another raspberry jelly paczki (great taste but the sugar content of the filling was a little overwhelming). I recommend the lemon curd. Friendly counter staff.
Not very good. Edible but not good. I could go into details but why. I've had great Mexican food in Cali and this is not even close.
Brenna is awesome. Quick, too the point, and detailed. Mixed up color fast and we were off. Highly recommend. She's a color genius!!!
This location is crowded, seats are too close together, and desk staff are not paricularly helpful or friendly. The phlebotomists are nice, though. Go across the street to Southwest Medical if you have a problem with waiting an hour or more and don't like sitting on a strangers lap.
Steak n eggs does the trick when not much else is open...especially for only $4 more than pretty much the same meal w/o a steak
Yay they toast their bagels! However, they need to provide light cream cheese.
Love their sesame bagel
My girlfriend and I never really heard anything good about this show, until we went to see it.  We went on a Monday night and there wasn't an empty seat in the house.  C.T. was super creative with his jokes and suprisingly current.  Would definitely recommend this show!
Shrimp Tacos Morongos.  There may be no better shrimp taco on this side of the border.
Terrible service. Food was barely OK.
Great Chef, killer location.  I'll keep it short. Head down to Luxor and go to Burger Bar. Unless of course you want a 20$ hot dog.
Pretty good brunch food in a fun atmosphere. Everything that we ordered was good and the mimosas were made pretty well.
The best & most affordable full set I've gotten. I've never been so happy with my nails before. Vi actually takes the time to make sure each nail is perfect, I can appreciate that!
The sushi is sublime. You will not be dissappointed. Very expensive but worth it I think.
I had a delightfully salty sandwich. Although the wait was longer than acceptable---over half an hour---it was about worth it. I probably won't return unless gifted with free time, but it was a nice one shot.
Cheap and deelish, I adore this place. Tiny, cute little spot  with lots of choices for vegetarians and when the guy warns you that the sauce is hot, it's actually hot! The juice bar has to be my favourite part though: fresh passion fruit juice? Hell yeah.
Best tacos in Phoenix! No other taco place in Phoenix comes even close to the great tacos they serve here. The wait is long but well worth it. If you want the best tacos, then this is the spot.
This place is really gross. The boba tastes too chalky and it's definitely not wort more than $5. Over priced. Save yourself the woe and just drive to Chinatown.
Stopped in with party of six, slow service, incorrect orders, overdone burgers, forgot two items, food was auctioned, had to ask for silverware, had to ask for ketchup\n\npatio is nice\nover priced\n\nskip......
There is sometimes a wait and no matter how often I come in they never recognize me.
We headed here on Saturday night.  I like the concept and the food sounded tasty.  I was also excited based on the reviews.  Unfortunately, the food for our large group trickled out  slowly, and it was only mediocre.  The server was kind, but overall not a good experience.
Get a 190 octane with the extra shot-dont buy any of the other fruity flavors if youre trying to get your drink on. It seems expensive at fist, but well worth your money (more buzz for your buck than any other slushie station). Any of the Fat Tuesday locations are great to visit.
Started going here when Pop The Soda shop in Scottsdale shutdown.   Selection is good and staff is friendly but at a $1.60 per bottle of soda it is pricey.
The salsa was okay. The fajitas, nothing to write home about. Overall, for a place that always has a long line....the food was not very good.
I don't want to put down anyones business. But I have had to return spoiled food to the march\u00e9 the last several times shopped at this location. The air conditioning doesn't seem to work and it seems under staffed. I hope this problemed store improves because it is located in a busy spot.
Please open a location in Santa Monica!  Tried the ostrich burger while traveling and need to have it more often.  Great, quick service and high quality nutritious food (actually healthy not \"healthy-like\").  Good variety - want to try everything on the menu!
The food wasn't awful but I can say it was the worst Mexican food I have ever had. I got the shrimp fajitas and it was obvious that there was no seasoning whatsoever on my shrimp. That being said it was $7 so ehhhhh.
Quick healthy fast food (as long as you stay away from the fried food options) at an affordable price. My favorite Is the Spicy Teriyaki Chicken Bowl :) I've been to other Teriyaki Madness locations and I have to say that the food at this location taste better.  Store is clean and staff are friendly.
Went here today to find our they are closed...huge orange sticker on the door put on two days ago! wtf happened!!!!  this makes me sad !
If I could get someone on the phone I would add stars, but they SUCK!  Run away.. read more here on Yelp
I like this restaurant.  The Spicy Tofu soup is amazing, I haven't been able to find better in town. \nI always go for lunch as I think it is a little pricey, and the service isnt the best.
Rude employees, don't carry diet coke for those who need it. I rather drive to another place than go there. I rather drive to the one down the street..
Simply awesome!  Definitely try the fresh made chips and guacamole as well as the tacos.  The Carne Asada Beef taco is amazing.  Margarita's were spot on.  The hotel that it is locate in is a little different, but don't let that scare you away.
Suzi's readings are always interesting and accurate!  She always surprises me with her ability to predict things in my life.  Very much enjoy her readings!
The food is good but there are better brunch places in Madison.  It has a cozy feel but I can't tell if they want to be a cafe/coffee shop or a restaurant.  Cash Only!  \n\nI'm not running back but will probably return at some point.
Great pizza, quick service, friendly staff, good prices,  large portions. We'll definitely be back!
Maybe the best pizza in Pittsburgh. If you want to see how pizza is supposed to taste give them a try. If you live near them and you haven't tried their pizza you probable live under a rock and don't deserve this delicious pizza.
Not impressed. Decor is nice but that's about it. Waited to be seated, waited to have order taken, waited for food the came out undercooked and wrong. Expensive. I do not recommend.
Great pizza. Grandma's pie is an all time favorite!
Worst sushi ever. I hate when sushi looks dried out right when you get it. I wouldn't eat here if you paid me and you would have to because it costs so much.
These people are always rude. The food is good, but only if you can get through order process without feeling humiliated for being Caucasian. I get related better at McDonalds. Just sayin.
I just tried U.S. Egg for the first time.  I have the french toast with egg and bacon.  It was fine.  I might go back and try something more imaginative next time.  Not much you can say about what I ordered other than it was fine, typical breakfast fare. The service was quick and the staff friendly.
It good. Good quality. Tasty. They try hard, but it's still not real NY DELI, but it's the best I can find in Vegas\n\nPastry's are wonderful,  holiday meals are helpful, typical NY attitude from the help...
Basic breakfast. Large portions; would be nice to be able to order smaller portions at a lower price.
Spoke with the owner, Bianca? She was awesome. Answered all my questions , super helpful. THANK YOU!
Great breakfast,  and the service is amazing. You don't leave hungry thats for sure. Yummy stuff...
Ok, it was great. Smoked meat, pickle and cherry cola. Worth the line, and the calories!
It Has Gas, My Car Needs Gas.
Beautiful and cozy space, fantastic drinks, and delicious vegetarian options. Go now, before you need to book reservations weeks out!
Yogurt is tasty as it should be...employees denied wifi access claiming they did not know password and one of the 2 employees kept flirting/playing with a patron the whole time we were at the venue.
Too loud to talk with friends or family. Food is good though. I wouldn't go here for a date because of the noise.
Too sweet and too salty. Very expensive. Look elswhere for real mexican food. For the price, we could have gone to Casa Reynoso.
Five years ago I reserved two tires at Dukes gave them the exact sizes that I required told him I would be there in 15 minutes to pick up the tires I rolled up with a couple friends of mine from Baltimore who are part of the LGBT community the yinzers at Dukes took one look and told me that the tires were sold they had no more tires.
I would have given 1 Star, but I always find myself going here even after repeated counts of poor customer service. \n\nA plus is that they are generally quick at checkout and open lanes quickly as needed.  However, I've never had a good experience returning items here, with or without a receipt.
Hard to beat, can't find a bad thing to say unless you're looking for a very quiet, intimate setting.  Its a lot of energy and high volume in here.  Steaks are outstanding, service is top notch and the drinks are hard to beat.
Love this chicken!  Tried their new Surf and Turf and found the shrimp to be smaller than they look on TV and too much breading.  But, did I say I love this chicken?  However, the counter staff could use some refresher courses on customer service.
I took the Loch Lomond, Loch Katrine and Stirling Castle tour.  I typically hate guided tours but thought my tour guide (Peter) made this one better than most. He was really knowledgable about Scotland history and made things interesting.  Thanks for all the info on Mary Queen of Scots.
The airport is always very clean and a bonus with plenty of slot machines. The only negative thing is that the security check point is always long.
Amazing shop. Owners are very professional and nice. They repaired a very high end watch and it looks like new. I bought a piece of jewelry for a gift and feel I got a very good deal on a lovely necklace. This is my goto place for jewelry and repairs from now on. Highly recommended!
Tech support here is ridiculous. Waited 40 past my appointment time. Finally just left without getting any help. The guy kept saying wait here you're next.
interesting that this place closed. I tried Maria Maria in Austin and had a great meal. Tempe was a different story. So-so food, sub-optimal service and an odd vibe.....guess they were almost gone.
A family run business with awesome employees and affordable manicures and pedicures.They categorise procedures do you don't pay for some crap you don't need. Pedicures with the stone massage afterwards help sooth feet.  Yes even soldiers get pedicures :)
Great food - great service.  Love the new Asada lunch - my new fav!!
The queen of the bloated corporate steakhouses!  Save your money.....find a local street vendor.....and buy tickets to whatever is at the Blumenthal!!
This place is the real deal!\nI love traveling to the southwest US, so i can dine on authentic food like this!\nService was fast, and portions were MASSIVE.
Consistent quality and welcoming staff makes this a repeat stop when visiting or staying on the North end of the strip. Rat in the bar for fast seating and a more causal approach.
Horrible horrible horrible service. We sat for 10 minutes and were not greeted so we got up to leave and all they did was wave us goodbye
Absolutely disgusting food.  I ordered a carnitas burrito and I found weird mystery balls of fat (filler?). Not sure what is going on in that kitchen but I'd stay away!
I thought that this place was great!! I feel that it was a great experience to have that was much different then the regular dining experience.  My only complaint is that they charge for water and an ice tea is $4, kinda ridiculous, but hey its Vegas!
Bad service even though VIP guess of the house,old fish,not polite...bad. Bad..
BLAHHHHH....looked way better then it tasted.... under cooked noodles, over cooked meats.....no thanks...wont b coming back....
I've never stepped foot in The Griddle but the food my boyfriend brought me was delish! I will def. be going in to try more.
Worst customer service ever.  I walked into this store to look at some new eyeglasses.  Not one of the 4 staff members acknowledged my existence.  I was in there for approximately 20  minutes.  No one said hello or asked if I needed help.  I will never buy anything from them or recommend them to anyone.  Terrible!
The service seemed a little slow given the fact that they were not very busy when we were there. The original cocktails are very creative and very tasty. We were disappointed that they no longer have the happy hour food menu that is advertised on their website. Maybe someone should update that!
I went here twice the last time I went to vegas and shared a couple of different sandwiches: full montagu, the original, and the earl sandwich. The full montagu was by far my favorite but they were all excellent sandwiches. At 6 bucks a pop you can't beat that price especially in vegas!
Got the Wagyu Flank and it was AMAZING!  A little noisy but we did have two large parties on either side of us.  Will definately be going back.
I enjoy every time I go to Makino - the food is incredible fresh and tasty , the salads are sophisticated, the sushi are rolls are amazing -great value for the money spent. Off course they could work on the service,but it's a buffet , so what so you expect .
Ordered a Cubano sandwich and fried plantains. The plantains were burnt. The cubano was fantastic. Tender juicy meat BUT THERE WAS A HAIR IN MY SANDWICH. I'm so disappointed!
Best place! Great service and selection. Also, very competitive and after much of comparison shopping I was back! \nLinas was very friendly and knowledgeable. He is very passionate for what he does and I saw him taking care of customers. \nDefinitely coming back!
We sat at a  table in the bar area, we had great service, the food was fresh and we really enjoyed our experience.  I will give you a hint, if you do not have any kids, sit in the bar area it's not crowded and you get good service!
Had dinner with a group of friends and felt the food was very over rated.  Bison burger was salty and the service was took forever.  Had to ask for condiments after the food arrived and drinks took forever.  Disappointing experience.
Nothing great. Uninteresting menu.  Loud.
We have never been so humiliated like we were today!!! We spent over 1000.00 dollars and we were asked to leave. Many others who were disruptive, and causing more caos were not escorted out.  We will never return!!!
Came for breakfast today , I had the midnight breakfast platter . Had a mimosa , it wasn't all that great but then again this is a diner . My meal was decent and my server was friendly .
Great lunch specials, although the service was slow.  I enjoyed a tomato soup and a salad and both were delicious, but the food took forever to come out (but then again so did out waters...)
I totally agree with Marcus P. They ruined my teeth 4 years ago. Now I have to spend big bucks to get implants.
I really like this pizza the place i pretty good I will definitely come back again for take out...\nThe service could of been better but overall good!
I really like hanging out here.  The chili burger is good and the Mac and cheese balls are great.  They have good TVs for the games but the volume is always Toby singing.
This is the exact same thing as Thai Basil down the street.  However, Thai Elephant is more expensive, serves alcohol, and you can order just a cup of soup instead of an enormous bowl.  But don't get me wrong... both Thai Basil and Thai Elephant serve EXCELLENT food and the service is great.
Place is small with seating for 14. Menu is large and extensive. The portions are big... The food is good... Only problem... No soda fountain... Gotta buy soda, snapple, water in bottles... Overall... It's excellent...
Try the Hot Link sandwich.  It is spicy and they put a burn on it.  The fish is always good and Paja Joe and the family are nice.
Yum.  As far as deli sandwiches, this is pretty much as good as you can get for this price.
Literally the worst service I've ever had, anywhere. I spent more time in line than actually eating. Everyone behind the counter was extremely rude, short, and clearly upset about something. Food was mediocre at best and it's a shame, because I actually really like Cafe Rio. Stay away from this location.
Best thing at the Buffett is the delicious, super fresh, perfectly prepared paneer - it's sooo yummy- I've never had better!
Waited 40 minutes for two sandwiches. Hamburger that my husband got was the frozen-then-heated up kind. My chicken ciabatta was over done and dry. Waitress was nice, i think problem is with kitchen. Two sandwiches and two drinks came to close to $50. What a rip off. Will not be back.
Been travelling all around the world and I must say this place is amazing. Went there with my date and we had an amazing time. Service is excellent, the ambiance is great. Desserts are amazing and will go back again. Thank you Cacao 70
Five stars if I'm rating the happy hour. Four pizzas at $7 each and they're huge and delicious. Then all the drinks are $7 and beers are $3. Nice atmosphere and great service. Happy hour is only at the tables by the bar so it gets full.
Good service expensive food and a cockroach that ran up the booth behind my friend while we were eating our food.  We told the manager and he said \"We sprayed the other day\"  Nothing comped and we lost our appetites.  I won't go back.
Great place!  The staff was very friendly and helped me get in and out in a quick and efficient manner. They accept VSP, so I was able to get my contacts for super cheap. I'm definitely putting this place as my primary optometrist.
I think Jack 'n Nicks has the best BBQ and Brisket in Charlotte!!
Today I went to eat lunch and I liked the food but what I liked most was the service I received. The chimichanga was delicious.
The Buster Brownie, a brownie with a scoop of ice cream on top, was out of this world. The atmosphere is fun and inviting fusing pink into nearly every aspect of the place. A great place to bring a date.
I personally don't like this place. I've been to a place where the meat is top notch quality and  has no nerves so this place doesn't really stand up.
Hope they will improve on the long line. Food is ok not so authentic on the taste buds.... But the employees are nice especially our server.
Great people. They fixed my hot water tank. And have ordered parts for the refrigerator\n\nAs usual, they were professional and very helpful.
I've eaten here a couple times so far and have had the same rude customer service each time. The women that work here have no customer service skills. The food is inconsistent. I ordered the orange chicken and it was stale with way too much sauce. I give them 2 stars.
When you first sit down, make sure you get the fresh-out-of-the-oven Pitas. It is amazing. freshly baked on the premises. This place was really busy. Service was prompt and efficient.
This place is awesome!  I have eaten at lots of Chinese places and this place is great and reasonable.
Thoroughly enjoyed patio seating for lunch today.  I had the Philly Cheesesteak which was delicious.  Service was very good, considering how busy they were.  Would definitely come back!
Wanted to find out good Dim Sum place as I moved in Charlotte recently. Turned out just fine, I expected more from a 3 and a half star review restaurant.
Quality pizza with fresh toppings & great service ! I love coming here , I typically get the Margarita pizza & add roasted garlic ,but it's always great no matter what type of pizza you order....
Amazing bakery and deli.  Eastern european cuisine.  Friendly and generous owners.  Highly recommend!
I got the all-american breakfast with the sausage links.  The hash browns were bland and not crispy, the eggs were a bit runny (I got scrambled), and the sausages were meh.  It's like a really bad Denny's, but more expensive.
Very nice and friendly service. Took kids right away but mani was rushed and filing too rough, left bloody on two nails. No nail prep done so I'm expecting immediate chips. Probably more two star but gets extra star for service. Regular ol strip mall nail salon.
Worst ever I was waiting for about 30 minutes and about 10 people got their nails done before me and I was there first. My nails were painted horrible never go here!!!
Amazing bike rental place. Really friendly and cool people. Hooked us up with extended batteries, gave us tips on where to ride! I'm going to miss this place (we live in the US).
great breakfasts and great italian food.\nhighly recommend
Place sucks!!! Too many Asians.  If your into that just go to Westminster, it'll be cheaper with no lines.  And the dance floor was packed in like sardines.  Only good thing was the decor was nice.
Drive through experience was efficient and accurate today. A number one with a Diet Coke. And as I drove away, in my bag was the number one. Speedy and accurate.\n\nHey, it's a billion calories and a ton of fat and sodium. But you know that already.
The room and the pool was just average (altough the \"lazy river\" was really long), nothing special here. Concierge service was not very helpful. A better bet for the \"south strip\" would be Mandalay Bay (or THE hotel, if your wallet can take it)
One of the better luggage stores in Vegas.  First of all, best location ever.  Right on the Grand Canal courtyard.  Then, you walk in and see some great brands like Rimowa and Tumi.  Yes, they cost a lot, but well worth it.
We'd actually eaten here before & had great experiences however this time we shared our sushi with a cockroach. It took 5 minutes of the staff & me trying to catch him when he was finally caught by a sushi chef. And we were still presented a bill.  Ewww
I was too young to appreciate this.  But now thinking back I know it was a great show and the whole ambiance is amazing.  I would go again just to experience the magic again!
To sum it up: I sat down where President Bush sat. The food was as awful as his tenure as president. Loved the ambiance though.
This is a decent bakery for bread, but their croissants and chocolatines were barely edible, dry and stale.
The only downside about this place is that the servers are slow. Tonight we just picked our own table & it took them 15 minutes to get to us just to say hi.... Other than that the place is great! Love that they close late!
The food was great the service was bad.  If the service was good this could be a 4 star place.
In bar waiting no service just stupid  need new management
It is nice market, offering unique items and the coffee is fairly solid.  Nice place to relax but the breakfast is forgettable.
This is definitely one of the better laundromats I've been to in Las Vegas. It's clean and the attendant was super friendly and helpful!
Geek Squad did not help me fix my computer problem, and it cost me $250. I ended up taking my business to KingsofIT.com for half the price and they fixed my computer from blue screening.
Over-rated, I tried this place 4 months ago was a bust nothing impressive. Tried it again today and still the same nothing changed. I will not try for a third time. I got chicken pot pie, lamb vindaloo
Slow and rude service and terrible food.  You have to be drunk to enjoy this place.  On the upside, the beer is nice (however unmemorable).
Avoid. I was here tonight and an aggressive panhandler approached me just as I was getting out of my car.
Very consistent. My wings were a little dry. Fried chicken is awesome.  Clean and bright.
OJ chix is ok but the soy drenched not fried rice ruined it!
Clean, clean, clean. Nice staff, great selection. Worth the visit. Monday is military discount. Plenty of parking and easy to get in and out of the shopping center. Walmart to Newman Marcus. Something for everyone.
Great service but food tonight was subpar. Fajitas usually come out sizzling but came out cold tonight. The soup was bland and chips were a little stale. You let me down tonight Lindo.
Great spot!  Good atmosphere and interesting menu.  Service was excellent and prices reasonable.  We had mac and cheese, the switch burger, and chicken risotto.  Everything was great.  The outside patio in entrance seemed interesting, but it was too hot to sit outside.
A great changeup from TexMex chains like Q'Doba, Moe's or Chipotle. Get a good feel for one of Charlotte's most unique areas, South End, by eating here. One of my favorite places for a quick meal in Charlotte, and it will be for a long time to come.
Way over hyped this place does NLT Vegas standards from there restaurants to their service their restaurants need to learn about how to treat customers
Green curry was awesome, chicken larb, egg rolls and pad thai were very good and the spring rolls were OK. Thai fried rice was a little disappointing. Definitely the best Thai I've had in Madison and I will be back. Ordered 6 items and it was ready in 25 minutes.
Good sushi, but prices are high when it is not happy hour.
Cocktails were amazing! Food was average and the service was SLOW! I would go back for the melon cocktail and fair prices, but nothing special.
We enjoyed the show. We did get skipped over when they handed out cookies and my drum stick was split open and gave me splinters. \n\nOverall though its a fun show with good music!
One time the food was really good, another time it was questionable.  Has the ambience of a cheap bar.  Not really my thing.
If you're expecting quality food, prepare to be disappointed.  Even more disappointing was the obnoxious, drunk owner who incredibly used the \"N\" word while talking to us.  Unbelievable.
Huevos Rancheros was great for breakfast. Friendly service and reasonably priced. Would go back in a heartbeat.
I always enjoy going here. The food is great and the prices are really good as well
Wonderful way to get around Maddy and for 10.00, you can ride as much as you like, just have to check in the bike now and then during the 24 hour period. We didn't drive the rental car once during our stay.
I mean, it's Taco Bell. Not much to say.\nThis building is very outdated, definitely needs an update. The food is alright, I haven't had any issues with the ordering. They aren't very busy though, so I think the workers could be nicer.
Why are people lining up to get in here? It's really not all that. Seriously, just go to Denny's.
Um, amazing?  Beautiful grounds, free wireless, a little coffee shop inside as well as a friendly staff and great porch for just kickin' back?\n\nNice job, Urbana.
The employees at this location are more concerned with each other than the customers making the service consistently slow. Thankfully a new coffee shop opened less than a 1/2 block away and I don't have to suffer the indifferent staff here any longer.
The food tasted decent but I got horrible food poisoning from the macaroni salad. :( I will never eat here again.
C'est grand.\nC'est un peu bruyant.\nC'est pas mal.\nMais c'est surtout beaucoup moins bien que L'Avenue !
Moe's - used to be a good alternative to fast food, now the food seems a little on the bland side with the flavors kind of washed out and they seem to be heavy on rice and short on the protein with less beans and less meat.  Overall though, still a good place to go for that quick lunch option every now and then.
The absolute worst customer service I have ever received. Before even entering the store the woman working there was incredibly rude and belittling. I would never ever return to this place.
This place was amazing, it was finished with marble tile, and I had the hamam treatment. It a gorgeous as the photos. I was so relaxed! The spa has many amenities and its beautiful. I am going back again for sure.
As it's name suggest it's a bar/lounge located in the West Wing of the MGM Grand Hotel. We went here every night of our stay for our first drink of the night. Our bartender Al made us laugh and fed us pretzels. A great place to get a Pomagranite Martini or Mojito.
Good food in a very relaxed atmosphere.  This is the place to have dinner if you are thinking asian and then heading over to hang at the Waverly or Cafe Olympico or maybe grabbing some good Scotch at Whisky Cafe.
Nice little bakery. They made shark cookies for Shark Week which was cute. The tiramisu was delicious.
Staff her is super friendly and they make great drinks
Katy is awesome! Great personality, did exactly what I asked for and us a pleasure to visit with while getting my hair done, no debbi downer here! What a nice relaxing time.
Overall not impressed. My chile rellano was really greasy and the guy cooking was touching everything with the same gloves he was making the food with. I thought the portion was a little small for the price.
Awesome place. Delicious food and amazing service for under $10. You get a lot food for your buck as well. I love it here
Excellent customer service. Lamb and Bone marrow was delicious. you can get your crab legs steamed while you wait. My kids loved the atmosphere and of course the ice cream section was their favorite.
we stayed here back in Sep 2013. We got there on Tuesday night thru Wed. Weekday rates were extremely cheap. Its not ceaser but rooms were not too bad. We traveled the strip and only went to rooms to sleep for few hrs.
I paid $6.00 for an order of breaded mushrooms. There were 11 mushrooms when my order arrived. Total rip off and won't be repeating this mistake.
I like the galleria, especially the grand foyer that makes walking into the office like a presidential entrance. \n\nThe facilities are well kept, and everyone who works the center is really friendly.
Favorite resturant in Phoenix!
I didn't think the quality of the food was all that great.  The burrito was so-so.  The rice and beans were good.
All I can say is soup, salad, and breadsticks all the way.  The food was plentiful and the service was excellent!
Yummmmmm\nEat there 2 Sundays per month\nYummmmm
Absolutely horrible service bartender girl had the nerve to comment on the little tip i gave her lol i couldnt believe it.
Awesome chicken amongst the best.  Nachos could have more chicken and condoments. Monster fries also great but the original chicken is hands down the winner!!!!
Not so good, There is definitely better Buffet's  in Las Vegas  then the Excalibur buffet\nWe did get there a bit late around 9:00 p.m.\nThey Had a small selection of food
We ordered breakfast here during a layover. My croissant was literally dripping cloudy looking water.  Since we plopped down almost 20 bucks, I tried forcing it down until I felt something odd in my mouth.,,  a hair that neither matched my hair's color or ethnicity.  This BK should be shut down!!!!
Thanks to all the helpful yelp reviewers, my husband and I decided to try this place out before our flight from the Phoenix airport - and boy are we happy we did! The food was great, atmosphere was intimate without being sleepy, and the service was right on! I highly recommend this place!
Another typical Jack in the Box location. They aren't particular remarkable. Like most, they are fast and efficient. The service is friendly and they are accurate with their orders. \n\nI have no qualms about stopping by the next time I'm in the area.
Food isn't that good and the Biscuits and Gravey was the worst ever .Don't order the eggs Benedict either
Competition for nv energy is coming in 2015 for information contact me  I can't wait to switch #deregulation of energy
Good hotel,pool nice,ideal if have to stay night before for flight,dinner and breakfast good aswel,
Changed the lines again, did not coordinate with signs listed above registers. Manager was not interested in customer feedback. Having 2 managers on shift is obviously the problem, they cannot seem to manage it get the work done either
This place used to be my favorite take out deli. Unfortunately not after the inconsistencies in their service. And the staff needs to get the order correct down to a T. They kept mixing the order up or missed putting sauces or sides in our bags. For the amount we pay this shouldn't happen
Dirty, stinks horribly! Couldn't wait to leave.
Not the top Italian restaurant in town but a great spot for a lighter style of Italian if you don't want too much. Also a great spot for lunch especially with larger groups. Service was not too bad. Has a great location though in the Venetian.
We had reservations, which was a good thing - the place was jumping on the weekend.  I was impressed by the breadth of their menu - Northern dishes, Southern dishes, house specialties.  Definitely a welcome change from the strip, and I was impressed by their wine list.
Been here twice. First time was really good except they had redo my pizza. \n\nSecond time, not so good. Pizza was comparable to Dominos. \n\nI will say the Cadillac Margaritas were kick butt.
Babbo is an amazing Italian restaurant.  The food is fresh and delicious. The manager Chris is very friendly. The staff is attentive and knowledgable. The restaurant was very clean. The overall atmosphere was very welcoming and enjoyable.
I'm a huge sucker for this place's cheese ravioli & garlic knots. Simple, consistent. I am not, however, a fan of the pizza. Too bland & too little toppings for this Chicago girl. I'm definitely going to keep coming for the pasta & knots though!
I can always count on Cheffini's to conquor my drunken states of hunger! Hot Dog with the Everything and Pineapple sauce! MMM ! $3!!!
Very tasty-yes; the stuffed dates are a must.  Nice to find a place in Vegas that's not either cheesy or super high end.   Just a good place to have a nice dinner.
This place is a wasteland. Zombie mall shambling forward for absolutely no reason whatsoever. The only redeeming feature of the surrounding area is an in and Out Burger.  It looks to be about 75% vacant.  This entire area needs to be reworked. Avoid this mall. It will give you the sads.
Food is served fresh...very close to home made food. If you are looking for an Indian restaurant..this is the place open round the clock.
Went in there today.  Asked the girl if the fruits and veggies were organic. \"No\" was the answer.  Why spend $8.50 for a cup full of juice that has pesticides? Seems like at that price their product should be organic.   I will not go back.
Wow!!! Had such a great time here! SO MUCH FUN! You HAVE to go here with your friends and family! Had a smile on my face the entire time and it's good to have some friendly competition racing around the track! One word of advise: GO!
Prices are reasonable.  Selection is very good.  \n\nGreat place for campers. \nGood gun selection.  Great ammo selection.\nCould easily spend hours in the store and max out the CC if left unattended.\n\nWill definitely return here.
A very nice burger place,great good, priced right and good portions \nStaff are very friendly, I felt that definitely got my money's worth\nI would give them 5 stars but since it's a new place they have to strive for improvements\nOverall they've earned my business
Higher quality chicken at Taco Bell. The margaritas look great and you would probably need a few to think this food was even mediocre
Great place to get your cars tinted and they also provide other services.  Decent prices as well.
I love The Upper Room!  This is a new church development in Squirrel Hill and a great place to build community and friendships.  Worship is every Sunday at 11am with special services for Holy Week and the Christmas season.  If you have questions co-pastors Mike and Chris are happy to answer them and their contact info is on the website.
Solid breakfast with a decent menu selection, although it's a bit odd you can't build your own omelette. I went with the combo with French toast, an egg, and sausage patties. Good, but not great. An expensive breakfast in my opinion.
This place has mediocre drinks & food. I've tried a few food items, boba, & fruit shaved ice. Not sure if the drinks are fresh because I always leave with that syrup-like taste. The last visit I had, the place unfortunately stunk. Thanks for good service & being open late though!
if you can find something here then you will never find it else where
Best ramen I had in a while. Try the one with chicken and pork brother, also the pork belly rice bowl, you can't go wrong W this 2 dish !
Great menu, very versatile and different from generic Indian restaurants. They're dosa, khotturoti, manchurian and noodles are a great option. Service is friendly as well.. Be sure to make reservations on the busier nights cause they are usually packed
Closed...Booo
If you're a Starbucks fan, this shop is convenient coming straight off your flight into McCarran.\n\nService seemed okay around 11 PM, and my girlfriend was able to get a quick frap fix! \n\nNo complaints here :)
Always a surprise what will be on tap. That means no counting on your favorites, but it's a great place for beer lovers and foodies who appreciate a little culinary adventure.
Com'on, Yelp...check out Chris B and Tom K...(is that the names?).  I'll stand by my reviews anytime.\n\nAnyway, my stars just went down to 2.  Any questions why??
Went to this restraunt it was terrible.  Service was horrible I think her name was Denice.  Food was very dry not to mention when I got home and all this morning I have been sick.
Wrong order, rude manager after she found out they messed up my order, she just left me at the drive through. I had to remind myself that I'm saved!
Just BAD. Greasy food that has been picked over and the staff is slow on cleaning the areas. Piles of dirty dishes, and trays in the middle of the seating area. I will not be back. Even if someone else is paying I would not come back. YUCK!
OK place for pho. The soup was a little thin and they were kinda of stingy on the meat. The egg rolls were also so-sop.
Definitely not satisfying. The bun in my burger was stale, almost seemed like it was toasted in an attempt to cover its lack of freshness. The fries were decent. The wings were average or maybe slightly less than average. Overall, I won't be returning.
The food here was so good, so was the service. We had a coupon for buy one surf and turf and get one free, that's almost a $50.00 savings. My favorites were the salmon, bacon wrapped scallops and the mushrooms, but really everything was great. We will be going back next time in Vegas.
More beers in one location than I have ever seen. The Italian food, particularly the thin crust gourmet pizza, is quite good too.  But it's all about the beer here.  Guess the mystery beer and win it for free.
I live in the neighborhood and Spuds has lots of screens so it's good for football. I've stopped in here a few times and the bartenders and waitresses are always friendly. Not sure about the food, my buddy had a burger which he said was pretty good. I had a few onion rings which were good.
Terrible car wash. Only reason it gets 2 stars is because the manager was responsible and offered a free wash (which I won't be using)
Great game! Alot of fun, sometimes hard to see, and put things together.\n\nGo prepared to think!
Had some traditional serbian dishers and the food was really good!  The service was very good and the crepes were delicious!
Pretty decent food, friendly service. Reminded me of Nandos, but not quite as good as Nandos.\n\nIf you're in the mood for a casual lunch, this is a good place.
Worst buffet and old building nothing else to say u probably got the point!
Had dinner with my co workers .\nCesar salad covered in garlic, no thanks .\nOk, I will try a tossed garden salad . \nHorrible oil dressing. Waitress says no ranch dressing , just odd stuff. \nDinner came finally. \nIt was ok , nothing great .
I ordered delivery, and had to wait more than an hour for the food to arrive. Apparently the driver was lost.\n\nThe food is average.
My husband and paid for the most expensive wash and detailed they offered, there was still bird poop all over the sides of the truck, the floor mats weren't cleaned, the windows were smeared and trash was still in the front console. We even tipped the guy. Never going back there.
Superb!  Red Square is a fantastic dining option in Vegas.  If you like vodka and martinis, this is the place.  The jumbo crabmeat pasta was good, but even better choices are the roquefort filet mignon and stroganoff.  Enjoy!
Don't ever make the mistake of going to this place to watch your football game on Sunday!!! I have never experienced such rude people - the bartender and the manager. I could go on and on, just save yourself the aggravation. This place clearly doesn't know anything about football and it's fans.
Well maintained park. I love the green and the walking trails are hilly, as well as the mountain. I have been to lot of parks here in Vegas, this is really nice.
Pretty tasty pizza and excellent italian pinot grigio! Great service and friendly staff. Does not beat my favorite pizza place in Arizona called Lamplight Pizza.
Decently good! Sometimes they miss on flavor but for the most part they're pretty on point!
A manager here once told me, they were patterned after Steak 'n Shake, I would believe it because it is delicious, the smashed burgers are crisped perfectly and the fries are as well.
Do not come here this is the worst restaurant i ever been. Food quality and customer service are both below average.
this was good show.  in fact, it was a great show with just the right balence beetween music and the story line.  a must see for all, you do not need to be a 4 seasons fan, I was not.
Thinking the place is more geared toward tea & boba than coffee. Ordered an americano and was really disappointed with how weak it was...other people in my group agreed. Staff was super friendly so I'm hoping it was just an off day.
Extremely slow service.... go elsewhere!\n\nQuality of the food wasn't bad but ladies and gentlemen you will have a few birthdays by the time the food comes out.
A good grocery store in Vegas. The place was very clean, they have a lot of selections in terms of everything, and the staff is friendly. However, it can be considered a bit on the pricier side.
Food took an hour. Did receive a discount but lost appetite. Food was cold.
Great pie...I could eat a whole large though...if you like a thin crust, you will love this
The bathroom was so dirty and awful, like it hadn't been cleaned in a month or more.  The food was old, like it had been cooked in the morning and sat in the pan all day.  Too expensive and not so great customer service, never going back
This is a fun, comfy,  little place.  Ice cream is above-average, probably not the absolute best in town, but certainly good.  The \"feel\" is very good, and the people who work there are super-friendly.  You won't be disappointed.
Great wine selection!\nHUGE inventory!\n\nI wish the decor were a little more homey, as I kinda feel like I'm in a warehouse store when I visit, but that's the only negative I can think of.\n\nYay wine!
Well below average especially for the price. Maybe I'm spoiled in San Diego but this place was mediocre at best.
Really great new restaurant!! I had the Dragon Breathe Fries and Asian Falafel Wrap...by far the best I've ever had, the flavors were amazing. The fries are super hot but very tasty. Highly recommend this place.
Have to try to get there early for the amazing deserts, once there gone, you're out of luck. The pulled pork is super tender and falls apart. \n\nMake sure you sit in Al's section, great service and he'll have you laughing with his jokes.
Best beer bar, if you like craft beer. They run different events from time to time, like Stone Domination and the three day strong ale fest. Friendly place with no crap on tap.
We stopped in for a drink before heading to the Lady Gaga show.  A good spot to people watch right along a main walkway, especially with Gaga fans to ogle.
My husband and I just came back from Jacksonville Fla for a June wedding. I have to admit the staff makes all the difference. We had a layover in Atlanta and the counter attendants where very accomodating. Nice to see good customer service still a goal for big companies! I will fly again with Delta -
Shannon Smith is the bomb.com! She is REALLY good at doing colors such as red, pink, purple, etc. I love getting my hair done because I know she will do exactly what I want. I highly recommend her if youre looking for hair that stands out in the best way!
Great service! Great sushi! Will surely come back again. I like it when a \"Japanese\" restaurant can speak Japanese.
The manager gave me attitude just for ordering a water with lemon and didnt acknowledge when i said thank you for serving me my drink. The waiter was sarcastic and snippy, though it may be because of his managers bad attitude. The food is amazing, as always. But who needs attitude first thing in the morning?
Pad Thai was great...i think it was $18. It took a while to get it after I ordered it though...only complaint.
Rooms need to be updated but location is very nice. However, DO NOT answer the call for completing the survey of your stay for 20 percent off your bill. SCAM!! Our bank informed us of fraudulent charges of 2700.00.
Staff was rude and pizza stunk!!!!
It's In-N-Out. Good, fresh burgers. Good service.
Schwartz's is good but not great. \n\nThey are famous for being condescending but I feel this is mostly an act to keep up Schwartz's reputation.
Had a great experience there. Friendly and professional staff, high quality material and excellent service. Highly recommended.
Its our second time here and they messed up our order both times and the service is horrible.
Not a gourmet restaurant but good food and great prices. I nearly always stop here when I'm going to and from Los Angeles; it's a reminder of food back home where this is a major chain. At the Vegas location quality can be hit or miss; but when they have the right cooks it's amazing.
Server was pleasant, food was good, and we plan to return for the lamb shank.
Not kid friendly; staff unpleasantly unfriendly. Will give it another shot one day...but for now, 1 star...
Lunch: Wait staff was friendly, food ok but don't go there if you need to be anywhere near meal time - takes FOREVER to get served and get your check so you can be on your way :-(
Ambience was amazing. We were seated quickly on a Saturday night. Food however very disappointing. The \"Belgium\" fries were soggy and pizza was cold and doughy.  We spoke to manager and he didn't seem to care.  Come for the beer and atmosphere but not the food.
Amanda and Jay Z were the most friendly, pleasant and helpful helpful staff I've ever had. Super clean establishment, quick and efficient service, amazing hot, juicy burgers, and ample parking make this my favorite Smashburger to visit. Love the sweet potato fries with smash sauce as well!
omg i wish there was an Earl's across from my house.\nthe pastrami sandwich... A+++++++++++++\nthat's all i have to say.\ndelicious sandwiches at its finest.
Hey Yall....Superior Customer Service....Awesome Chicken & Meatball Pho....Small and Quant...Tastee Desserts and and a Prickly Pea Tea that will knock your socks off!!!
The Lasagna is amazing.  However, I am not impressed with the pizza or salad.
This place is close to where I used to work, so it was on the list of places to go for lunch or staff happy hour.  For some reason, it always seriously underwhelmed me.  Very dark, like it might be hiding dirt, the food passable and the service spotty.
Waited twenty minutes for one drink, put a one hundred dollar bill in the machine and never got a drink again an hour later.    Food at least was very good and given for free because of the service.
I always have great service.   The shuttle is always available to take me to / from different parts downtown.\n\nTake advantage of the shuttle!
Went down soooo looking foward for iceberg wedgie and pot roast, come to find out their closed on Sunday. So bummed, can't wait o go back. Plan B Red Sushi in Golden Nugget, Killer!
First time on a helicopter so worth it! Also Im afraif of heights ... So imagine how smooth it all was if I gave it 5 stars. The pilot and the cute green eyed boy were so nice and funny. 17minutes of excitement!
Was there for a gathering and they gave us free nachos and quesadillas. Everyone was quite helpful and friendly. Some of the drinks took a while to show, but overall was very happy with experience there. Would return.
Can't really say much that hasn't been mentioned. Clean shop, reasonable prices and Tony is great. Aside from good conversation, he provides great hair cutting. He's been doing this for a long time and you can tell.
Good hummus, I had the cornish hen which was pretty good. my husbands beef dish was unimpressive. the wait staff was wonderful. maybe we need to try an alternate dish next time.
I love japanese food. Their food is like their technology, Perfect :)
Just plain nasty.... Foods cold always.... Restaurant is Dirty (How are you in Business) Employees really now your rude as f***! Change is indeed needed!
Took my parents and Uncle here and was absolutely amazed at the not just bad but insulting service.  I travel and eat out for work all over the country and this experience ranks as the absolute worst.  Food actually was ok but I will never eat at another Mario B. restaurant or in this hotel again.
Needed a clean up on my eyebrows, and Misty did a great job. Wish they had some soothing cream or gel to use for after the fact though. My skin was super irritated afterwards(obviously), but it's nice to add that personal touch of soothing effects at the end. Overall it was a great experience. I will go back.
Busy airport eatery.  Nuff said.
Everyone was very friendly. I have been getting waxed for months now and I am very displeased this last time. I had red bumps for hours that turned normal colored the next day. My skin is not smooth but raised and there are still many hairs left. Worst brazilian I have ever had and I will not be returning.
Food = OK. \n\nService = What service??
Love this place. The employees are what makes this place amazing. They are very attentive and explain everything on the menu. One of the only places I Vegas where I can find fresh fish ( when I mean fresh it's killed there right before they prep your food). The baked muscles are out of this world.
Great little shop for on-the-spot repair and more at reasonable price.  Did a quick fix of a popped out lens on sunglasses and replaced the small nose tabs that had caused the heft of the frames to rest heavily on the bridge of my nose.  Now it rests much lighter.  Highly recommend.
What a fun experience!! I am definitely not artistic, but this class was perfect for beginners.  The staff is wonderful, and my painting actually came out great! I would recommend checking this out for sure.  I will be back!
Nothing special. Just overpriced pizza.\n\nAwesome atmosphere right in St. MARY'S square at the Venetian-Palazzo.
Eh asada burrito was unimpressive and bordering on bad but I also adjusted since it's airport food...  Also, it was closing very soon, so maybe it was just a bad batch.\n\nUnfortunately won't recommend =P
Know one knows anything in this place. Took them for ever to find me a beer I was looking for and got a \"I don't think we have it\" only to find it by the door on my way out.
The food here is amazing. I can't believe that this was only my first time. The price is very reasonable. I am one that usually leaves some on my plate, and there was no way that I was going to leave anything behind. It was delicious.
Would be a five star but the service was just bad. Waited over an hour for our meals.  Waitress was not too attentive.  Was served food without silver ware.  So why a 4 star because the food was very very hood.  The ribs were excellent.   Turkey nicely smoked.  Fries could have been more crisper.
Nice hidden gem, local joint with character. All our entrees were good, fish and chips and cheese curds top notch. Good beer menu and nice wait staff, will try again if in Middleton
Stopped in just for a frozen margarita. Tried the frozen pear margarita and it was decent and you could definitely taste alcohol in it. We didn't eat here but we did notice some \"B\" grades posted on the wall so I'm not sure if I would eat there next time.
Bill from Seattle was a great server and very friendly .   \n\nThe apple pie is off the hook.
Excellent food and drinks!  We loved everything we had - guacamole, bean dip, blue seafood enchiladas, crab cake tacos, stacked steak enchilada with an egg, and beef chimichanga. Everything is amazing. We are stuffed.
Had the teriyaki steak last night and either they didn't cook the food well or it was just dirty, I got food poisoning last night from eating there and it wasn't fun. Wouldn't eat there again.
Very surprised that the manager or owner has not reached out. Word of mouth is the best advertisement. \n\nDon't go here if you want to pay almost 50$ for gel nails that weren't even shaped
Rude, disrespectful and obnoxious. Will never come back here again. Don't waste your time or money.
Love this place since it was tea planet.
Really deilsh! chinese and japanese foods are both on the menu. We Had 4 at dinner and ordered too much food! I was all really tasty. Do not pass up the chance to dine at TA TA's
Italian food and pizzas, with everything you'd expect on the menu: seafood, chicken, veal, salads, soups, sandwiches (even cheesesteaks). Also open for breakfast. Reasonably priced. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The food is just not inspiring.
Terrible, terrible service...waiter seemed annoyed the whole time. Won't be back!
Awesome bar food.  Great staff.  Good beer selection.
Worst service. First, we were quoted 45 minutes but then it ended up being one hour and 15 minutes. Pathetic. They should have a better system. Food is overrated.
good food, we had the bean appetizer, seafood diablo, and the flounder...It is expensive but well worth the money, classic.
So I finally made it into BC Coffee.ice coffee did not wow me average at best.nothing much to eat.. Sorry three stars is as high as we go
Best airport wifi of any airport I've been to! It's hardly crowded, but the taxi lines can get ridiculous -- they move fairly quickly, though.
Have been here now for three days. Very good breakfast that is included. Very friendly staff. Great location with easy access. Big rooms and comfortable beds. One of the best three star motels I have been in
Had the lunch 2fer combo, turkey sandwich and pecan salad. Both were amazing. I added on a cup of tomato bisque that I used for dipping the sandwich in. Delish!\n\n (:
I really love this restaurant! We requested the bar area we were sited right away the service was fast and polite. the food was out of this world! We ordered Dynamite role, I can truly say I am addicted to it. the Lotus Roll was very good! The atmosphere was nice. I would go back ASAP loved the place
Meh.  Cool atmosphere in \"Piazza San Marco\".  Great to try once, but the quality of food wasn't up to Vegas caliber.  For a far superior dining experience at the Venetian, try out Bouchon upstairs.
Enjoyed the Pimms but that's where the enjoyment stopped.  The food was bland and service was nothing spectacular. On a later date, I had high tea there. Scones were good but the little sandwiches tasted stale and the salmon in them tasted like it was out of a package.
Horrible experience ordered the prosciutto and pear pizza  that stated that the pears were fresh..much to my surprise the pears were not fresh, they were soaked in red wine and ruined my pizza...
My favorite Yogurt place in Scottsdale! Nothing more needs to be said except that it's amazing!
Loved the food, but I've had a hard time going back, as they only take cash.
Since the new owners took over they things have gone downhill fast.  They deleted coupons.  They stopped having sales.  Half the people who worked there are gone.  Prices are way up.  You can do better.
I had the Fettuccine Amatriciana and it just tasted like mediocre spaghetti with tomato sauce and fatty pieces of pork. Not really my style.
Never crowded, staff is always friendly and patient. Easy to navigate in and out of. Pretty much my fav airport saves all the headaches from other big international ones.
Great Service. Food was mediocre to say the least.\nhomemade corned beef hash was delicious, but the potatoes and eggs were SO greasy! and the oil tasted OLD. \nI might come back... but then again, I might not.
Amazing food!  I have had just about everything on the menu with the exception of their soups and man FANTASTIC.  This is definately one of my favorite places.
Clean and reasonably priced, and centrally located to the clubs, shopping, and Metro.
This place made our whole group sick.
Yup
Three stars for the speed of service...and five stars for still having the orange refresher.  Really nice staff too!
food is meh, for the not-exactly-cheap pricetag, it's honestly unimpressive. I wouldn't say I'm disappointed per se, nothing tasted bad, but there are better alternatives, even in the vicinity of the strip alone.
Pho noodles are good, but after eating here, i am always so thirsty. I suspect the msg in the soup.  Service is fast though and the rice noodle plates are tasty.
Makes me hungry for In-n-Out.
Another great time at the August showing of \"Raising Arizona.\" How much fun is this place? Thanks Lindsey.
Super fast delivery of Specialty Pad Thai & Specialty Fried Rice. Yummy, They don't include a menu unless you ask.
Very customer friendly and generally good people, but one of our guests threw up an hour after eating here. Won't be coming back, but I wish them the best.
The fried dumplings rock!
Pros: Everything you need for home improvement.  Staff is always decent.  \nCons:  Hours of operation.   I know they start early, but I wish they were open until 10P minimum.
Machines are very very tight. Food is good tho. I live nearby and us and other couples liked going here until we got tired of the machines draining us so quickly.
If you're looking for a real bar with no gaming hogging the counter space this is the place. The bar tenders are talented at making drinks and great at making you feel welcome and appreciated (especially Sarah). Kitchen menu has some top notch items as well. Talented. Professional. Friendly.
Worse buffet I have had. The only good part was the dessert bar. Not recommended. Food that was out looked like it had been out for hours.
Good gym but please fix the cable. It's been broken for 3 weeks already.
Super bon, ultra grosses quantit\u00e9s (les clubs sandwich peuvent \u00eatre partag\u00e9s \u00e0 2 !)
They do a great job with the cleaning...  very little dry time... they don't rush the job either... will use again for sure.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =\n\n... & good riddance!     :-o
They did such a horrible job on my wax. The lady was literally ripping it out of me. My skin looked raw and I was in pain for 3 days. And I have a dark spot from the wax as well. I do not recommend going here for a wax. They definitely over charge you and it isn't worth getting a wax here.
This restaurant is really just medium. It has a great location but I sort of find it very over rated. Portions are tiny for their price and service could be more attentive. \nIt isn't a bad place but there are much better ones around
Finally a northern chinese food place in vegas, i been looking for one forever. The owner are super friendly, the food are good if you enjoy traditional northern chinese food.
Always quick to serve good, tasting affordable lunches !
Decent shoe repair place in downtown Urbana. The staff were nice, the repair quality was excellent, and the prices were affordable. I left very pleased and with the intention to return when I have shoe repair needs in the future.
For a place called the flying biscuit, their biscuits aren't so sky high. Chick-fil-a has better biscuits in my opinion. \n\nHowever, their chicken sausage gravy and grits are both amazing.
I like the set up. It's different then most sandwich shops, makes it easier we don't have to wait in line and tell them what to put on it. They had great customer service and the sandwich was good. Ill be coming back to try the others. I'd say overall my girlfriend and I had a good experience !
Wouldn't let me use a gift card. They said that they don't take them. A Ben & Jerry's doesn't even take their own gift cards? I think both the cashier and the manager had no idea what they were doing.
Stay at the Hilton and used this cleaner for the laundry. Great service and got my laundry back on the same day. Best of all cheaper then using the hotel's laundry services.
Came here a couple years back.....REALLY expensive, but a really good food, problem is, is that you gotta drink there and i wasn't old enough during that time.
I thought it was ok. Was hoping for something different I guess. Wasn't good enough to bring me back. The prices were a little high for the product.
Wow what a find for metro phoenix.  Great food, decent atmosphere, tremendous service. If you can get there before 6pm they have happy hour daily which almost cuts your check in half.  Coming back early and often.  The soups are over the top amazing and the bone marrow dish is a must try.
I have had a terrific experience at LaVida so far. I've been a member for about 3 months now and the rate is very reasonable. Plus you get a family member massage 1 a month for even less. My wife went last week and loved it. Sydney is excellent.
I loved the music here and the wait time wasn't too bad. It was pretty crowded once we got in though. Dance space was limited. The staff was friendly.
The absolute WORST cheeseburger I've ever been served in my life! See the photo. Zero stars.  Seems like every other hamburger place puts an 800 number or a link to their website so you can comment on the food/service. Not this place. Now I know what they are afraid of hearing/seeing.
this is the best frys. so huge and its just so fancy
We went with some friends not too long after this review, and three of us (out of four) didn't feel well afterward. This is too bad because I thought we'd found a good Thai restaurant. So, we won't be going anymore.
This place reminds me of the midwest.  Everyone is friendly, the service is good and quick and the food is delicious and calorie-laden, as it should be.  A good place for breakfast.  Generous portions.  The waitress we always get is great.
I felt bad for our waitress who clearly had a 10+ table section and poor support staff. We ordered breakfast, didn't get our drinks forever (bartender was \"MIA\" in her own words) and then the food runner forgot the side dish. \n\nMediocre priced foods at best and understaffed.
best BBQ in the valley. tritip is on point. ask for \"Ryan\" and he'll add dakine special sauce. when you eat it you be like \"BONGO!\"
This place sucks hard on weekdays. Avoid! The girl at the desk was extremely rude, the bouncers were pushy, and the DJ was weak. Save your money.
My wife and I went there last weekend before a movie and we were quite impressed!  Katt was our server and was very attentive and knowledgeable on their menu.  We enjoyed the cheese fondue and the scallops which were superb!  We will definitely be back!
Packed lines so messy I walk in I walk out
hamburger I ordered was the bbq burger, it was kinda plain no taste really except the bbq sauce.  The  fries were  kinda soft and not done.   Just a little seasoning would be great.   Beer was great though.   Friendly service.
Great selection and sale items are plentiful. No problem with customer service or finding someone willing to help. Good job guys!
Wonderful, intimate fine dining experience. We had the 7-course tasting menu with wine pairings. Each course was beautiful and balanced, and the wine pairings set them off nicely. Staff was friendly and accommodating. We can't wait to go back!
If u r looking for some dependable fish & chips or wings, at a non-vegas (i.e. decent) price. This is the place. Reminds me of the Irish lion from Bloomington IN.
Amazing! The biscuits and gravy are out of this world.. I love biscuits and gravy and this is a place I will go back to over and over again! The staff is friendly the place is very quaint and I will continue to patronize this restaurant for years to come!
Absolutely the best boba smoothie I've  ever had! With their vast variety of flavors, I got the biggest size in mango passion fruit and could taste the fresh fruit in it. And I couldn't complain about the price only paid $4 for their biggest size! Most definitely  my favorite place.
The worst service I've ever had! The burger I had left me sick for 3 days the first time I came here. The 2nd time I came I waited for 40 minutes just to get a glass of water and greeted. The worst!
This LJS is decent. Service was okay, but a bit slower than I expected. The food came out fairly well.
Well stocked but found it very pricey. My son has his eye on a tin of bacon flavoured Jelly beans which were \u00a37.50. Too expensive for all it was. plenty of different items in here but not appealing enough to make a purchase.
I stayed at circus circus on april 13th - 14th. \nThere were roaches in the room. \nCasino staff was nice though.
Hosted a wonderful birthday dinner for my wife at Arrivederci. The service, the food and the wine were outstanding. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. The food was hot, flavorful and just like the Italian we love. Thanks for a memorable evening.
Blood stains on wall.   Check.\nLumpy college dorm room mattress.  Check.\nAsian guys giving me hard looks.  Check.\n$25 tables all weekend long.  Check.\n\nTwo star review.  Check.
I loved going to XO nails for years. This is the only place that i'd go and I went there the other weekend. They sat 4 customers who came in after me, forgot what I wanted done, and I had to remind them several times that I was still waiting to be helped.
there is no consistency here and the past few years it has gotten bad.  I just heard there are new owners so I am hoping for the best.  I always envisioned a comedy club kind of entertainment there.  The bar side is perfect for it.  if anyone has eaten here recently please post .
If you advertise you're open until a certain time, honor that. Don't hire lazy kids that have somewhere to be that's obviously more important than the health of your business. Sadly, we were very regular customers that will not be returning.
Awesome place to come for lunch...great soup and sandwiches (very unique). Also, in the summer they have a nice big patio outside.\n\nIf you're into hot sauces, make sure you ask as they have about 10 different ones you can try!
This quaint little place is a gem in Old Town Scottsdale.  The oven brick pizzas are amazing and the wine selection is great.
Soup was amazing. We had clam chowder and tomato bisque. Thai Chicken pizza was great also. A little bit loud. Dessert sampler...fantastic.
Love it!  Everything is packed with nutrients and tastes even more amazing!  Great ratios!
This place rocks! The location is perfect (located next to my nail solon). I skip the coffee and have tea. It is great!! The wifi has a strong signal. I am totally addicted.
Best place in Las Vegas for REAL mexican food. \nBy Far. Everything is freash and the service is the best.
6/20 just had breakfast here Veggie Omelet was tasty. Ham and Cheese Omelet was ok. Server and cook did a fine job pretty speedy.. We will be back for more because Im happy... I approve this message J K KUHL...
It was my first time going there. I just got a pedicure done. The place was very clean and very roomy. I would recommend to other people and I would go back myself.
You don't go here for the food. I have eaten here at least 10 times but it will never be anything better than just eatable. It is however full of interesting objects both stationary and automatonic individuals with upgraded body parts.
Tasty and fun with great service. I recommend the combo appetizer; I loved everything on the plate! Mmmmmm... Plantains!
The more authentic tasting chinese food in university plaza but still white washed. They give you a lot, so its perfect for the university student who wants to get really full for a decent price.
If a steak house can't cook a steak where can they cook a steak?
The Captain Hook fish salmon sandwich is one of my favorite burgers. I have tried to replicate it at home with meagre success.  It is very fresh, tasty and enormously satisfying.\n\nThe place is a little loud, but a really fun time.
I... kinda remember going here. like a little bit. what I do remember was rad. but expensive. like most of the strip.
Best service and price! Nice family owned and operated business. Not sure about them at first because the price was too good to be true but they did a great job for a whole lot less $$$
I've came back several times since my first review. This place just keeps getting better, I ordered the tsukemen ramen amazing!!
This place is awesome!!! The food was so bad that it was actually entertaining to see all these people eating this crap, it was really busy! My hats off to the owner, what a business. He just needs some clowns.
I've been to a lot of outlet malls & this is one of the best.   Big foodcourt, Ferris Wheel, Aquarium, Arcade, Cinema w/ IMAX, in addition to tons of stores.   Arizona Mills is a great place to spend an entire day.
Fast and friendly service, and gave me the free 2 liter soda! Pizza was pretty good and wings tasted good. I will order from this place again for sure!!
Really fun, huge, shaded playground area with a large variety of playground equipment. Many nice ramadas, benches, and huge grassy areas.
Not too shabby, I guess I overdressed for the happy hour. Not bad happy hour prices. Service was nice but a little slow, but then again, the place wasn't all that happening.
Not a great selection and always messy. I like their chocolate stand but that is more because of its novelty in a small department store. I think here as opposed to other macys is overpriced. The clearance rack isnt very clearancee.
Super nice people. Took us to the cvs when we needed it, airport shuttle was on demand and friendly, brekafast was good and free beer and dinner on some nights. What's not to love?
Once again, gave it another try and got the same thing. Small portion sizes, bland soup and rude service. A friend of ours worked here for a while and told us that she quit because her manager was so mean to her, which I am not surprised at all about.
Went for my 30th bday and the service couldn't have been worse. It's too bad because the food was great.
Well, the delivery was fast at least. Everything else was yucky. Avoid!
Yes, please!\n\nLove In & Out. \n\n#2 Animal Style is like sex.
My favorite place to go for fish tacos.  They are delicious.  I haven't liked the other items I've tried as much, but the fish tacos keep me coming back on a regular basis.
Ordered a number 56 and got something that was not a number 56 and that was raw.  I would not recommend going to this place ever.
I stayed at Palms Place one week and really became a fan of the Drift Spa.  Great service!  Great service providers and an overall very nice spa.  They will even work to get you in without reservations.
First off, TAP ROOM? The beer selection here is LAME. The name implies a great beer selection, well the best you're likely to get here is PBR. Other than the lame beer selection, the place is not too bad. Typical dark dive atmosphere. There are good bands that play here though.
Out of the way, hole in the wall type restaurant.  Food was yummy & service was great.
C section was very empty when we fly out on a Monday night. Security lined moved quickly and it's a pretty clean airport. The water from the filter water refill station tasted salty and gross though.
This is the place is were i first went for BWW and i was sold after the first time we would go once a week to this place until i moved back to CA now there is one out here and i still go all the time
I came here for my 25th birthday dinner on Friday! I have to say, this place was amazing! The service was the best I received during my vacation in Las Vegas & the food was amazing! My drink never got low and the cook was so funny. I will definitely be stopping here every Vegas trip I make!
Magic and a little more at Tommy Wind show. You can get discount tickets at tix4tickets. Not a high dollar show but entertaining enough. Try it if you just what a decent show at a low cost. And his parents and grandpa show up and work in the show. Way cool.
Terrible service. I got a seat right away and he took my order but after 30 minutes, my food didn't come and no one came to update me that it was on the way. It wasnt even that busy.  When I started to get antsy, I couldn't even find anyone to complain to!  So I just left.
Really was hoping for a great new spot. Just didn't fit the bill. Very nice family owned place, great corn souffle. Meat was greatly smoked, thought the BBQ sause was ok. Even felt like maybe the meat was a bit dry. Will try again, maybe just an of night.
Salad and potato bar for the masses.  Good grief, pay a couple dollars   more for something good.  The mac and cheese looked like it came from a Kraft box.  There is no way I would go back.  Made for big people who want to think they are eating healthy.
YAY!! My Happy Place! \n\n\n\nBesides drinking at Bottled Blonde ;)
Over priced,  Over hyped restaurant. .. nothing to write home about. Stick with Twin peaks.
this store is very near  to my house, sometimes Its takes very long  and staff is very unfriendly
Absolutely as good as it gets.  We went here for a birthday, and got the tasting menu.  There were 8 courses of incredibly detailed sushi plates, including huge amounts of real wasabi, and truffles.  \n\nThis was the best meal of my life.
My friends and I really enjoyed the appetizers, entrees, and desserts that Chef Gina prepared. The food was unique and delicious!
The food is still great. The service is going to pot. Orders never happen or you get the wrong item. Once I complete my stamp card, Kaya is coming off my list.
RIP Blue Grotto-- perhaps the unseasoned canned tomato sauce with a sprig of basil wasn't quite what pizza lovers were looking for.
Came here craving seafood and the location was convenient.  Seating was comfortable and service was good. We ordered oysters, clam chowder, shrimp. Everything was mediocre tasting.  The wine was good. It isn't a place I would choose to come back to with all the other great seafood options around.
Best mechanic in town. He's been my mechanic for the past 8 years, is always honest and up front. Prices are beyond fair, recommend him to anyone who needs some work done.
Pretty rough shape and ugly to boot. Most muni courses better than this one.  Lots of dirt - ugly.  Fairways clumpy,  Course is boring.  One water hole.  Zero doglegs.  Minimal bunkers. Can't think of a reason to play this again or recommend it to anyone.
This place is a lot bigger than it appears when you first walk in. I went here for a waxing and was treated great by the esthetician and had an overall good experience. I will go here again.
They did a really great job!
Back to the sweet tomatoes we know and love, but the updated dishware and decor remain for a classier feel. Recommended!
Very pleased with what I bought- I got a cake with a picture of Snoopy on it for my wife's birthday, she loved it. Highly recommend.
Ok one star not because the food is bad not because the service is bad to be honest I have no idea. I have never got that far. I tried but the smell was so bad after a few minutes I was running for the door.
I'm sorry, it's creepy, it's dirty, and the slots aren't that great.  I hate to leave this low of a review, but...never again
This tiny little Starbucks sees more customers than Southwest Airlines.  They try to keep up with the demand but the lines are always long and many times the staff is pulling their hair out just to keep up with the demand.  My coffee is always hot and tastes like any other Starbucks but don't expect exceptional customer service at this location.
Worst pizza hut I have ever been to. We have given it several chances and no dice. The main problem is the fact that this location never seems to honor any deals that are in ads and If they do it's more expensive.
Waiting a looooooooong time for the holiday meal was the terrible experience at Christmas night, and the food was not as good as expected!
Boring crust, overly sweet sauce, tasteless, unmelted cheese, overall boring food. In my Humble opinion, this Pie is not worth repeating.
Wine is good, food is good... I have never met ruder people in my life than the staff here. The female bartender covered in tattoos was downright surly and acted like it was totally uncool to wait on customers. I will never go back for this reason. I don't see how this place can stay in business.
Alternative? Ok. I just call it odd.\n\nIt's not my thing, but I can see why it appeals to others. Not for me though.\n\nstaff are lovely! When I came in i was greeted warmly and felt at ease. The prices looked reasonable, but again, not for me.
This has become a classic for us: go buy a Jalape\u00f1o Pretzel from 'New York pretzel' cart, (just aside from Pour 24), sit in the bar.... order the \"Dinner Course\" and enjoy!
This is one of the few locations that has a drive thru, which is very convenient. It's located in a gas station, and has a small dining area inside. They are usually pretty friendly, and the order accuracy is good. The food is average, which is normal for a chain restaurant. Beats Taco Bell any day.
Best pizza in Ahwatukee.  Also, mom & pop place which we all need to support!!!  Go check it out next time you want good pizza pie!
We have these where i grew up and I was suprized yo see one this far west. Food is always good. The atomsphere screams biker or grease monkey. I had a luburger and it was pretty good however, I could not finnish it. All in all pretty good meal
Im a coffee junkie but not a snob. The coffee itself is mediocre at best. The service is friendly. Overpriced for what you are getting. Take a pass.
Stopped in here for some Asian Fusion fix. I actually like the concept, the food, the decor. I ordered the Korean BBQ burrito and my friend ordered the Asian tacos. I am definitely a fan of this establishment.
Pretty sad. I can honestly say this is top ten worst burger joint I have been to. The bread stale. Fries are tiny shoe string greaseballs. Burger grease is unbarable. Banana milk shake is awefull just artificial flavoring.
Always very satisfied when I come here.  Great friendly and speedy service, best to come during non-peak hours as there is often a crowd waiting. They have a nice beer selection which I appreciate, great Italian style menu selection, and good atmosphere.  No complaints here!\n\nDishes I highly recommend: ALL OF THEM!
Great coffee, delicious and creative food.  Friendly staff and well decorated, provides a nice atmosphere.
Easy to deal with and really friendly staff! In n'out with no hassle! Recommend them for sure!
If you like paraside bakery Do not come here!! Soup isnt good . Salad is so gross! Chicken looks like its plastic rubber!! Customer service isnt bad but i would never ever reccomend this!!!!!!!!!
Christine & Tracy from Aradia Fitness are the BEST! They came to our hotel room with a pole and OMG did we all have a blast! We learned some sexy moves and gained some self confidence in the process. If you are coming to Vegas with a group of women this is a MUST!
update: see below
A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.\n\n I was on my way to another donut shop when a sign for Master Donuts caught my eye. I pulled in and purchased 2 apple fritters for our return flight.  These were good, though a bit crispier than our favorite, Ronald's Donuts.
The pho is good, but I really love the crepes, I think it is called b\u00e0nh x\u00e8o can.   Just ask for the crepe, can't go wrong.
Sushi is fresh and service is great.  I just wish the place could accommodate more people.  Sometimes the wait isn't worth the time.
I loved this place. They let me hold a chicken!!! There were soooo many animals!!! I was in heaven.  The fudge was amazing.  The people were super nice.  Can't wait to take my grandnieces next Thursday.
Food was edible. They aim for quantity verses quality. Service was good. Environment was LOUD.\n\nI'm a HUGE fan of Wicked Spoon which is the buffet at The Cosmopolitan and I would rather spend my money there.
I love seaweed salad every time I order it, but not at this restaurant. The seaweed was awful and the tofu was overwhelming. I had the vegetarian sushi, which was nothing special. Good cold sake. Buy the bottle, it's cheaper.
I am in Love with their Original Fish Taco!  the service is Always friendly and attentive. Kudos to their fry cook, they fry and sauce those tacos with love, lol.
i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar.
Meh.  I had their Chicken Caesar Salad.  I wasn't impressed but the food that the people sitting next to us ordered looked good.   I'll have to go back and try something else. They had a 2 for $10 drink special.  I ordered one mojito and immediately got a headache.  Bummer.
Overprice and not very tasty.  Had a philly that was all grilled peppers with no meat. Won't be back.
Super crowded but worth the wait.
Try the grilled pork sandwich, or was it roast pork? I can't remember, but it was really good. However,  I did not care for the Vietnamese stuffed bao or bread.
Expect a tremendous wait time when you visit the DMV on Brookshive Blvd.  There is not nearly enough staff members nor space for the incredible amount of customers that need service.
horrible!  $8 drafts!!  ridiculous!
Don't know why they call this buffet world famous or award winning!!! It's just a regular buffet nothing special!!!
Amazing concept and quality of food. Not good or picky eaters who may not like the cuisine.  bibimbop was great although they skimped on sauce and toppings and added a lot of rice.  Great for small bites
I'll check this place out, despite the whinings of a few.
Most casinos on the strip have adequate air circulation. Not Mandalay Bay, which is pretty bad seeing their are a lot of families. The entire facility is one giant ashtray.
St patty's day here was awesome! Live bands all day long, great food and fun atmosphere!
Excellent bacon cheeseburger. Sweet potato fries equally good. Food took an extremely long time to be served after ordering.
The best buffet I've ever been to! The options are endless and even though we went right at noon there was not a long wait at all! The best was definitely the dessert buffet! Will definitely be coming back!
Outstanding pizza pasta-best outside of dante street\nGreat service and reasonable prices\nReally nothing for miles that really compares
Great large beers and good German food as expected.  Live music all the time and the other diners are good entertainment themselves.  Everyone sits on large tables family style and you get spanked with a paddle if you order a shot of Jeigermeister.  Great atmosphere and the beer and food are good also.
Great customer service and even better pizza. We had 2 specialty pies, the slaughterhouse and the buffalo chicken... Amazing\n\nEveryone needs to support a local business like this, we will be back again.
Simple decor (reminds me of something from the 80s). Sat center at first row but we were the 4th seat back from stage (about as close as is comfortable). Saw Rob Schneider and felt close to the action. They have several bars inside (no outside booze allowed).
Great drinks and cool food!! Mac n chz muffins are off the hook!! Ping pong, karaoke, random boxing ring, clothing store and DJ make this place super unique. The only downfall is there is no a/c and the drinks are a little pricey but other than that it's a cool spot.
red onion has been around forever and it's a staple on Cave Creek Road. The burgers are always juicy and thick and yummy. They're on the rings are the bomb. Good beer selection and they are always cold
They had interesting flavors and friendly service, but charged $3.98 for the smallest scoop I've ever had.
Left me waiting, no show! I called after over 30 minutes and they said no one is in the area or on the way! Not even a phone call to give me a heads up, could've been waiting there and missed my flight!
decent fast-food style chinese/cantonese/vietnamese don't really know but it is damn good. super sheap Lunch specials, rice & noodles are always right-on and spicy is spicy. way too much food!!
Excellent service, great recommendations, yummy tacos, and happy hour at noon.  They just need a queso dip and I'd give them 6 stars!
This restaurant is closed. It has reopened under new owners with a new name.
Alright place for a steak and eggs breakfast. The steak that I got wasn't the best cut, it was full of fat and eggs were bit overcooked. I'll definitely try to place out again to see if it was fluke or not. Service was excellent.
I will keep this short...overrated.  I would go back to have a beer here before I would go back for a burger.  Susan's review with wheres the beef is on point...had black jack burger and found myself eating bread with no meat.  The bill made my experience even less palatable.
Ordered wonton soup, beef and broccoli with brown rice, and an egg roll. All three dishes we inedible due to the sodium content. Disgraceful, and at $18, a complete waste of my money. This place clearly does not take pride in their cooking.
My son and I have been involved in ATA for several years. My son is learning about discipline, respect and self control. The instructors are wonderful and make you want to do better and work hard.  We are very happy we joined.
lots of shops but some are too expensive for me! great place to walk around. they do have a kids playground which is nice. fry's is next close by, there is a movie theater which is way to pricey !!!
I found her on Groupon and I was pleasantly surprised considering the low price. She's kind, doesn't make the wax awkward whatsoever and does a great job with the actual wax. I would absolutely recommend her. :)
Love this place!!!! Service is always perfect!! All the employes are so nice and keep dining area clean! Good is always amazing!
As of July 25, 2014, a sign on the front said that it was closed permanently.
The show in the Midway was great. Loved the.clown and loved Oksana the ballerina who hung from the ropes
this place is hardly a 5 star operation i had a pastrami sandwich on there white bread roll with a bag of chips and a drink 11bucks or so. a bit pricey in my opinion.
This is very near to my place. Not crowded and good place to do your quick shopping.
This place is so great. The service is amazing and everyone is so friendly! I can't believe how many more options there are! Many more options here than mens wear house. I was so disappointed at their service and options. We can't wait to use tuxedo junction for our wedding day
Love this place. Great food and friendly service. Good size portions.
I absolutely love the pore refining cream, and have been using it for years, however,  I am a little disappointed with the time it takes for them to ship it out. It took 7 days just to place the order, then additional 10 days to ship it. That's a long time! Otherwise, product is great.
I am not a fan. We waited on a line with no signage telling us anything about the buffet. All the food was overly caloric, greasy and COLD! \n\nMy friend and I spent $22 each to have tea.
The worst ,sugar free will give you stomach cramps unbelievable. I order four for Thanksgivings and all were a disappointment
we are now seasoned veterans from cincinnati, its the only place we know of when we are working in scottsdale.
Thank you Tiffany !You make my nails  to look amazing and I'm so happy with your service !Tony is so nice and I have great time .Tiffany take her time and she detail my nails .im very happy and I'll use this gays for my nails in regular app.
I don't know why yinz are complaining. Every time I deal with the Parking Authority I get a free colonoscopy.
Got the Morning Monty and the Steak Buritto! Very good. Cute little place. Staff was very nice. Wish they served local or organic options though. I dig the location and it was fun to try a new place, but I usually steer clear of non-organic food. That's the only reason I gave them 3 stars.
Walked into this place and after standing there for 5 minutes getting a contact cigarette buzz, clothes reaking of smoke, creepy people staring at us and no employees coming to help us we instantly turned around and left. Aaahhh fresh air as soon as we hit the door.   Dont know if id give it a second chance
Well one of the staff was so rude, I found a seat and I sat down then he came over and took it away and told me I couldn't sit there, I paid \u00a315 so I thought I could at least sit down. Got a refund and left.
used to be a favorite place but for some reason they just got packed all the time and always busy?! since then the food hasn't been the same. flavor isn't there anymore. so now it's OK. I found another favorite!
Food was bland, not the best carne asada I have had, decent sized plates, got charged for extra tortillas and was told we charge for everything here, nothing extra is free.  I would not recommend, much better places all over town.
I don't understand the line to get into this place.  The food is mediocre at best.  The prices are a bit high for what they are.  However the portions are huge.  \n\nThe wait staff was great and my Margarita was excellent.  I may make it back to the bar but I will skip the restaurant.
R.I.P chick. You were decently tasty but wayyyyyyyyyyyyy overpriced. I can't say I am surprised by the closing as the last time we went there we were the only people there at 7 pm on a weeknight...awkward.....
Had battery problems and these guys John and Eddie were kind enough to more than just help me out. Replace the battery and test everything withy car. There was more problems with my car but i know that they saved me a ton of money with all my battery damage. Thanks Guys much appreciated.
Denny's quality food but twice the price. Denny's is actually probably better. Service was mediocre at best. Never eating here again. Very dissapointed.
One of the drunk locals fell into our table and spilt our drinks, the whole place and the bathroom was filthy, country band was one dimensional and most of the woman patrons were like the beer there, cheap.
Sub par service.  Overpriced food.  4 bucks for one carne asada taco?  It was tasty but one taco no sides was almost 5 bucks.  I'm hitting up Don Panchos from now on
i normally just think the cheesecake factory is so-so. i had the miso salmon here at the Grand Lux and was surprised at how good it was. Really tender and cooked perfectly.  Everybody at the table tried it and loved it. I have to go back just for that next time.
Come here if you are in Vegas with kiddos or you just an M&M's HUGE FAN. Don't come here if your purpose in VEGAS is to commit sins and to party. You will yawn while you walk through the entire place. That's what I did.
A year later after I got my first ring from D&R. I just proposed with a ring by Dave and Rich and she loved it.  They understood exactly what she wanted, even though I didn't completely. They are a great couple of guys that really know their trade.
The food at Panera is always good and fresh and doesn't take more than 5 minutes for it come out. The only problem with this place is their staff. They seriously are all so rude and walk around like they hate their lives and make me uncomfortable when I go in because of how rude and bothered they are.
Awesome roll!\nRoast beef with mayo, tomato and sweet peppers..... Awesome!\nGreat value as well!\nMeats are homemade not processed!  It makes all the difference!
Not worth comin here. I'm all for food like this but this restaurant sucks. They gave me and my dad the wrong meal, and the food was not that good. The meat was dry and the rice was cold. Not worth it.
I've been here many times and all the other times it was good until today. I had biscuits and gravy and the prime rib hash. both were disgusting. Good thing they had Tabasco sauce. otherwise I wouldn't' have been able to eat it.
Maybe this place used to be great, but definitely not anymore. I tried a bag of the assorted bagels; the dough tasted a little peculiar, as if it was undercooked, and the cinnamon rasin was particularly bland. The surrounding mall is also quite deserted and depressing.
$35 for a oil change?! no thanks...never going back :(
Nothing special here. Food was average at best. The wings were okay, how can you screw up wings???
About as close to European (German) food you can get with out going to Germany.very good service.very much worth checking out.but far from low fat :)
Its a pawn shop. Nothing special, just over priced. But when I was looking to sell an item, the guy helping me was a jerk. Flat out. I was shocked when he was so rude! Sheesh! Ill watch it on tv but sure as hell wont go back!
We come here for breakfast regularly and are never disappointed. Service is ok, some times better than others but food is always great and well priced.
Even though there is new management the quality is still great I miss the old owners but the new ones are doing a great job there self. Thank you!!!! Oh yea and the prices have went down can't argue with that.
I just love this little restaurant! The pizza is awesome and I love the \"deli\" sandwich and homemade carrot cake!
Had the cod and chorizo, and while the risotto was actually orzo, the dish was delicious...wine was good, service was adequate...nice atmosphere inside.  A bit pricey but in line with similar restaurants in the area.  Overall very enjoyable experience!
I cannot rave enough about this place - the food, the environment, the people - everything is perfect! As a dairy free lady living in this city, Nami is everything I could ask for and more!!!
By far my favorite place to eat in Pittsburgh. From giant custom sandwiches to hulking burgers to salads bigger than you can imagine, this place has what your hunger needs. Not to mention the fantastic beer selection....
I absolutely loved staying here! The decor is great and the price is even better. I recommend walking to Pizza Rock for a great meal. This hotel is in the center of all the downtown action and close to the Mob Museum and Farmer's Market.
This little market makes some killer salsas. I can get the mex fruit popsicles I like so much some of those popsicles are even flavored with salt and chili. Thats why the 3 stars.\n\nI don't recommend the meats, however.
Played max bet at a decent pace for an hour. Won forty bucks and had two beers and my girlfriend, who was not playing, had one. Got bill expecting to pay for her drinks. My two domestic beers were in the bill too. Didnt comp me for playing.
I have nothing but great things to say about the Mac Shack! High quality pasta, fresh vegetables, and a friendly staff! I ordered carry out this time and even after the drive home the food still had great flavor! \n\nGreat vegetarian options!
The food was good but the chef did not speak the whole time while cooking. I am not sure if it was his first day :\\
This is one of the best hidden destination spots in the Valley.  Located in Elements restaurant at Sanctuary Resort it offers nice views of Paradise Valley and Mummy Mountain.  The bartenders here are really good and my Old Fashioned was the perfect nightcap. It's a classy place so I'm not quite sure why they still let me in here!
Great bar scene and live bands on Friday and Saturday nights.  Food was good, not great (I've had better cajun / creole in Texas and Louisiana) and frites not hot (barely warm).  So, some room for improvement, but I will definitely be coming back
Poor service on weekends AND my to-go order was messed up.  Will never come back here.
very fresh food..the prices are comparable to any other place but the food is much better..
This place isn't all that. Maybe its cause I went in there to early in the day.  Didn't really look like a great place to party or waste a lot of time in. Although it did have a nice Irish look. But I still won't go back.
Great food, great service. Nothing I can say bad about this place. I would definitely recommend this place.
Real authentic Szechuan cuisine in a great funky atmosphere! Not a single dissappointment of the 8 diashes we ordered. Our server was super friendly and helped guide us through the extensive menu of one of a kind dishes.
The atmosphere is great. It's like an old narrow bar with plenty of counter & booth seats. The food is amazing. Everything we had was good, the brisket, jambalaya, twice baked potatoes, & sweet potato fries.  We will definitely come back.
Not an easy find when you first walk into Planet Hollywood, and if I wasn't eating at Gordon Ramsey, it'll be easy to miss.\n\nBut it's got a great seating arrangement, feels like a lounge, and needless to say, lots of ppl watching here, facing the casino.
didn't stay here but gambled and ate at the sushi restaurant.  this is a cool hotel.  has a great vibe to it, nice to be off the strip and away from the urchins.  didn't bring the family this trip but would reccomend if you are taking kids.
This restaurant is wonderful value for money with truly great meals and desserts.We had a lunch here and I later ate breakfast here. It literally has the best bacon on planet earth.
Nice quiet little spot with a large variety of high quality food. Who knew a little Buffet could be so nice! Will be back.
Pros:  friendly, helpful staff; clean facilities despite being somewhat dated; easy access to freeway; Waffle House in parking lot.\n\nCons:  something up with the water (too much softener?) -- felt like I could never quite rinse all the soap off; surrounding area not the greatest.
Great Shop for purchases and pawn if you need to. Staff was very professional and friendly. Good selection and prices on weapons and accessories. I liked the amount of Sigs they have.
I never plan on going to Haze, but the two times I wound up here I had a great time. Well thought out space, good lights, good staff - you're going to need to work pretty hard to have a bad night out, here.
The WORST!!! Buyer beware! Paid $130 to stay 19 hours 4pm check in, 11am check out. Trashy! dirty! RUDE GUST SERVICES! Mold in bathrooms.
Still consistent in product, atmosphere, wifi amenities, but customer service can be hit or miss. When cashier overcharges and it's pointed out, just apologize and remedy it, don't make it seem like it's the customer's fault. The 'no worries' attitude doesn't always apply.
I bought a Groupon for a 10 pack of classes (which is a great deal) and had my first class on Saturday.   What a lovely studio and the instructor, Michael, was excellent.   Can't wait to try the other classes.
Rooms are outdated and the restaurants Gordon's appears run down like the waitresses.
Went in on a Sunday night. The place was real crowded, which was fine so I set at the bar. Really had a good time, enjoyed the talented singers. Kenny was on the piano Gloria and another girl were working the bar and singing as well. Would highly recommend.
We've been to this pleasant little shop several more times and always enjoy it. You can get occasional great deals on clearance items. I still haven't tried that Shandy Bass, though!
You'll find all kinds at this local no frills neighborhood dive... Bankers to barflies. Clean, cool staff, cheap drinks and good times.\nI like to sneak in here for afternoon ballgame viewing.\nPool table, juke box, and a fish tank!\nEnough said.
Usually come here for waxing but decided to try them for nails.  Other salons have made me bleed but not Kat.  She did a great job and I was in and out in an hour with no appointment at noon on a Saturday.  They do a great job waxing to:)
A great place for many things at bargain prices. Like any thrift store you need to  fully inspect. That said great place for small kids clothing, books, toys, kitchenware and winter clothes.  I have found very nice work dresses there as we'll. definitely worth checking out.
Just ok \nBecause i am half Italian and know Italian food since long ago. May i give second  try
While seeing my food sit at the drive through window, I watched as the lady preferred to attend the coffee maker and then after taking her time I finally got my food as she handed me the food waiting at the window.... I could have left way before that! My fries suck and the nuggets are rock hard!
Received worst service from the customer service rep in hertz gold office. My name wasn't on the board, and she acted so rude. What's the point of being in presidents circle. ?
After going hot air ballooning we were looking for a place to grab breakfast....  The scrambles here were nice and light, and the sweet potato hash was quite tasty.  Prices were reasonable.
Love the Korean Chirashi! Fun place.
This course is as advertised. Great Fairways, Great Greens, and views are awesome.  My only gripe is there is no grass range. For the price they charge, there should at least be a full sized range. not a small one.
Service is very nice.  The cooking though is uneven.  The dishes we had during our first and second visits were very good.  Our third visit was not as good.
Love this place. They cook with real butter here (vegetable seems to mess with my gut (sorry if TMI)).
We went here on Father's Day and had a very enjoyable meal.  Overall the food was good and arrived quickly.  The service was great.  We'll be going back.
Food was ok. Host sat us at the bar when she said that the dinning room was full. After us a bigger party came in and they were sat in the dinning room.
Love the chocolate dipped cones. Service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
This place is awesome because you can watch everything fights.   From UFC PPV to boxing. Anything sports.  The reason why I gave it 3 stars because the parking lot isn't big enough.  There are always full.  The service is good unless if it's really busy, it will take you awhile to order food & drinks.
The food was okay but not what we expected. Sorry Guy , definitely not your best pic. Try again DDD
My husband was so excited to take me here. I really do feel bad for him...although we checked the reviews before we came to verify that it would be a good experience. After sitting for an hour and not receiving our food I can not in good conscience rate this establishment more than 1 star.
Sub-par setting quality, infrequent wall resetting, inconsistent grading, poor climate control, poor air quality (no chalk filter), silly rule where they make everyone wear paper wristbands before entry. + 1 star because they are finally installing air conditioning.
Overpriced, delivery took an eternity, pizza was half smashed, wings tasted like they were days old and not even remotely close to being edible.  too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.  Skip it.
I absolutely love this place! Their spicy platter is to die for!  We have been coming here for a long time and they never disappoint!!
Here is the deal It's a bar with great ambience,decent bar food though overpriced.  Staff were attentive. Would go back for sure
Very nice hotel! Would easily stay here again.\nOnly bad part is that to get to the pool area you have to walk a mile, with kids this gets to be a pain. Other than that, no complaints!
Most beautiful, accommodating, plush hotel I have ever stayed at! I love that they don't have a casino.\n\nSmells like gardenias when you walk in!
No brown rice. Almost no vegetarian options.
Elan is the best! She truly cares about customers and what's best for the customer. Whenever I'm in vegas I always come see her. 5 star service. I've come to her for the past year whenever I'm in town.
I love Dillons' food. However, I think the Dillon's on Thunderbird is a little better than the Arrowhead location. The vegetables are better seasoned there and the Mac and Cheese is much better.\nThe chicken fried chicken and the spinach enchiladas are the best.
Neat discovery!  Adorable and unique clothes and lots of Michael Stars tops.  They also have a lot of very reasonably priced cute jewelry.  The name is pretty misleading because the clothing they sell is really not exercise wear it is more for being out and about.  The woman who works here was very nice too.
Great experience getting a straight razor shave for the face and head..  Extremely friendly staff knowledgeable..  I will visit this location anytime I'm in town.
Well...I'm not sure why we went back here. The beer selection has dwindled. The service was slow. We didn't get food this time. We learned from our last visit. Our night ended early when old drunk people started singing karaoke. I would not recommend going here any night especially on a Friday night.
Great food. Bad service. Took a while for them to give us menus and food took longer than usual so be prepared to wait. Food is delicious. Can get really crowded/noisy at times.
Fantastic salad bar. Great service. Clean. Fresh food. Crowded. Multicultural.
Great deals at anniversary, rude employees
We ordered 2 stuffed pies: Royale was excellent,  but the cajun chicken was okay. The Shirley  Temple sticky toffee pudding was a little burnt so it tasted bitter. Service was very nice. Definitely, we will go back to try other stuffed pies.
Not that impressed with steaks here....cool walking throught the kitchen but cold plate and dry steak is not what I call great stake house
Ate with a client here today for the first time. Really enjoyed the yellow curry dish medium and the soup that comes before the meal, but the service was slow. It took 16 minutes for my entree to come, although after it came many employees asked if I wanted a drink refill.\n\nNice decor and decent prices
Love love love this place I met them at Bite of Las Vegas in 2013 and the good is so delicious and you have to get coconut bark!! So addicting!! The staff is great and it's over all amazing !
Great atmosphere with the French maitre d'. The food is nothing special but the atmosphere always makes us go back. Fixed menu is good value. Mostly have to book as it gets very busy.
I am a Chicagoan and was suspicious about another \"Chicago style pizza\" place opening up. Needless to say, I was surprisingly pleased with their deep dish pizza. It is more dough than actual pizza, but the dough has the buttery crust taste of true Chicago style pizza. I would highly recommend this place.
As soon as we arrived, we were charged $20 for services???? We are a family of four. There were three towels in the room. I can go on and on - its never just one thing. Bottomline - the service was sloppy and we were unimpressed with the whole experience.
The service here is not tops, but the place is very comfortable and open. DO NOT order the the bloody Mary here, it's awful. They have board games and old school arcade games. My advice, sit at the bar for the best experience.
Always great food and friendly staff.   Love the Jerk Fried Rice in the combo meal plus Jerk Chicken burrito.\n\nAsk for a sample of almost all of the items.   You may be surprised at what you like.
By far one of my top 5 places to eat in the Phoenix metro area. The burgers are very good. But the best is the beer bread sandwiches. Paired with the beer battered fries. Man-o-man.
Is a must whenever I go to Vegas. Love it here the prices are great
One of my favorite taco shops! This place is hidden next to the theatre at the Biltmore. CHEAP prices on alcohol and food. The cream corn is amazing. Service both times I have been there has been outstanding. Their selection of tacos is unique and tasty!
Great breakfast and lunch.....HORRIBLE ancient slow slow slow slow slow internet....at $300 a  night!
Very popular place, even on weekdays (of well, it was spring break...) so come early and get crazy!
good food & good desserts. it sucks that they close at 11, & although they were seating people at 1030, we felt very rushed to order desserts due to the kitchen closing, although I know that's how it is, it just sucks that we didn't even get our main food & already had to order desserts.
Decent sale going on. Nice jewelry for the ladies. Not sure what there was here for guys except for a sofa.
I haven't  been to Manuel's in awhile and as always the food was really good. We were seated in a back room close to the kitchen. I'm always cold but I was roasting in that room. The waiter took great care of us and I loved the margaritas.
By far one of the best places in Vegas to get a proper fade/taper! All the guys here are awesome..but when in doubt u can never go wrong with Manny or Noe!
The prices were ridiculously marked up on the beer, wine, and liquor.
We have been here many times and the food and service are always good.  The prices are reasonable.  My wife and kids love the sushi.
Great nail place. I go there quite often.
My favorite pizza is BBQ chicken and they serve up a very good version here. The prices weren't too bad with the Groupon my girl had. Service was decent, they have a good amount of beer on tap and they air football in the bar. What's not to like about this place?
Great meat selection. best in madison hands down
Best service I have had in years. Took a party of 7 there. Never an empty glass. Seated promptly. Food was good. Will definitely go again.  Tip well because they deserve it with their service. Skip the dump tepenyaki place down the road and get a real meal.
It's one thing to charge a $12 minimum for a ride less than a half a mile away. It's another thing to inform someone of this after you've arrived at the destination. On top of that this guy didn't even have any change. What a scheister!
We are definitely fans!  Came back for another visit since we were in the area again and I have to say service has improved tremendously!  Everyone was eager to help us and they were all very friendly without being annoying.  We have yet to try the food, next time.
Bland coffee for the same price of Starbucks. Ain't goin back. Drive thru took a while too
Food isn't as good as the Southend location and the service is terrible 2 out the 6 times I've been. Good beer selection though
The private party room is cool and great for a party with friends!
The cash only thing is bullshit. It's 2013, almost 2014. Get with it. \n\nFor example:\nSquareup.com\nThelevelup.com
This place is crazy busy on the mornings. You need to beat the rush to get out and on your way to work. \n\nThe staff is always friendly and have never had an issue with service. Enjoy!
I didnt like this buffet! I wont go again. We can buy one meal or 24h, fortunately, we just bought for one meal.  For this price we could have a pretty better food. The food was \"okay\", and I only enjoy the dessert. I wont recommend it for anyone.
Good food and great service at very reasonable prices  The bean dip is unique to other mexican restaurants. Standard fare, and wish they served carnitas, but what they serve is excellent.  Highly recommend the carne asada tacos.  Reasonable prices too.
Small breakfast menu, but who needs a long list of options when you can get the TLC breakfast sandwich! Everything you could want on a breakfast croissant. Really friendly staff.
Expensive.\nUnfriendly staff.\nDo not order marinated bangus. \nWill never eat here again.
A lot of problems ordering from them. Not recommended.
Food is great. Prices are through the roof. \nHostess is usually high on something and uses the \"F\" word in every sentence. Also hogs the tables for annoyingly long time. We are there to eat not be your best \"F\" buddies!!!!
Food is great, but this location sucks.  Everyone is grumpy, my order is never right, I am never charged correctly.  I will not even go to this location.
Never go here late. Got into town wanted some food and if I only sat here for over a half hour before anyone came and even gave me a menu and talk about a shitty attitude. The crack head that took our order could have not gotten everything more wrong! Avoid this place at all costs!
Probably the worst Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. The food didn't even taste like Chinese food. The service is atrocious as well, the guy behind the counter even called me a dick as I walked out. Never going back there!
Pricey and very touristy, but food and drinks were good. Old world hotel style, but beautiful view of the pools in nice weather.
The best pizza in the united states according to several magazines. The owner bakes each pizza himself. The wait is a bit long but you can grab a glass of vino next door at Bar Bianco. Well worth the wait and price. Excellent place to take a date.
Had a private business lunch here yesterday. Was really delicious! Highly impressed with the fillet of Oscar. I had never tried that fish before but the waiter recommended it and he was spot on. Flemming's did it right!
The food was awesome. The meats were overwhelming. The ambiance was fun. Definitely will return!
I tried to use my Groupon here and went to the store 4 times before eventually giving up and getting a refund.  If I wanted to dress like someone in their 70s I could probably do it a lot cheaper and without having to sort through a hundred stuffed racks of crap.
Great atmosphere!  They have a decent happy hour with some sushi rolls offered at half price.  I had the sashimi salad and it was delicious.  I will definitely come back!
Not bad for a \"quick fix\" haircut. Was kind of suspicious at first but turned out good. Price is nothing to complain about so guess beggers can't be choosy.
Ok breakfast nothing that great, nice service
I was NOT impressed. Food was just OK. The service, except for one waiter, sucked. One server walked around the whole time with an attitude and acted as though we were bothering him. I will not be back.
There are a lot of good review's about this place. IMHO kinda greasy.\nYes the noodles were hand pulled, but kinda ... \nI will try again, just because I sense it has potential.\nUnfortunately for now I can only give two stars.
Delicious burgers, great beers and very friendly staff.
How does an ice cream shop NOT have chocolate chip or mint chocolate chip for over two weeks! Come on -does someone need lessons in supply and demand? I only ask for ice cream every once in a while!
Management at this location is terrible. How could you be a nationwide chain and not have capability to void a receipt so that I could adequately tip your employee.?!
Needed a bed in two days. The sales person was very helpful and friendly, she found me exactly what I was looking for and it was delivered in two days.
Decent pizza, nothing to cheer about.  Other menu items are very good.  Have been there four times and our first visit was terrible.  When we complained to the manager about the brain dead  server he offered a free meal but did not apologize for the idiot who ruined our meal.  You can skip this place and go to Ian's instead.
We had a red eye coming back and terminal C had nothing opened (we got there at 8PM) , but one small bar. one vending machine that just had drinks, no snacks. I've had better but expected a bit more from Phoenix.
Really enjoyed the Factory Meatloaf. I usually do not care for gravy, but the roux on this meatloaf made a good sauce forthr meat.  The side of corn with red and green peppers with zucchini cut into it was a nice flavor mash up.
Service was excellent however the dining hall is not a welcoming  environment. It's like a rubber duck banquet hall... Also food quality was sub par. Food was salty and the chicken dish I ordered was stringy and disappointing for the high the high price they charge. Wouldn't recommend it.
We tried the sandwiches and crepes they been good but didn't exited us like the tiny shop we found on a road trip to Annapolis ...  also the opening times are not as great.
Waste of good paper and ink. Unless you're illegally in the country, then the paper and it's editorial staff is your best friends. If you like your country go somewhere for your news.
We had a wonderful, authentic Italian meal on New Year,s Eve. The service was friendly, I rushed. Can't wait to return!
Really upsetting experience. The stylist spent maybe a total of 15 minutes on my hair, rushed me through and it looked like a helmet. She was terrible. I have had better blow outs from a Regis walk in salon.
I love this place. The fruit bowls are heavenly. I've tried all of em. smoothies are great too. I get a wheat grass shot every once in a while. Also good.
With 10 million steak houses in Vegas, this place is just ok. Nothing remarkable about the meat or accompaniments.  Its overall very heavy.  And planet hollywood sucks so ya.
Friendly staff,good food and best happy hours ...Amazing place!
Excellent and fresh.  Going back for more.
Yummy Looking burgers and fries. The burgers were good, I love it because it had the taste of an extremely difficult to find burger. The fries was good, I prefer the fries here because I know how they cooked it.\n\nService was okay, very attentive crews.
Excellent service! Food and drinks are great. Our waitress Christina was everything anyone could ask for in a server.
Their $5 for 5 appetizer is great value and great taste.. Very good
Divey hole-in-the-wall, but Salem's has the best damn gyro in the city!  I stumbled upon it after my dad turned me on to this place and...  so good!
Pass. Overpriced Denny's basically. Out of a few items, and prices were high. Also when we were sat all we could here is this annoying ass black waitress that worked there bitching and moaning about her tips not being right. Even our waiter looked embarrassed for her behavior. Unprofessional.
Amazing paninis & soups! Best pickles!!\nCustomer service is great- quick service, always smiling.\nLOVE this place!!
Food is the standard fast-food.\nStore is clean.\nStaff always seems extremely bored and lifeless when I go.\nNo smiles. More like \"Here's you food, now go!\"\nThe fact they do not take BK coupons miffs me too.
The food are good but the service was bad .Some of the waitress always been on the phone or not even take care of the table .This is the first restaurant have a worst service in AZ.
Very disappointing. Not traditional Chinese food. Not worth the money.
I only had their hot coconut milk tea with boba, but i loved it! I will definitely come back and try out the rest of their menu!
If you like dive bars this place is a lot of fun. They have an area for dancing and patio for hanging out. Sometimes there's even a food truck!
I had my knee replaced in 2012  . And now in 2014  I have  to nave my knee replaced again. Needless to say  please stay away from  him his office and the worst hospital in the United States  Summerlin hospital .. They go good together the worst of booth
Not your sprawling nightclub. Kind of compact and simple, music was a bit too hiphop for me (I prefer the EDM)
Very good. Especially the Something's Wrong #69 roll. All I can say is, Lord have mercy on my palate.
delicious healthy food.  worth a try if you're coming from lvac and don't want to ruin your whole workout!
Wonderful Espresso Shop! Local, high service and excellent coffee. :)
It is said to be authentic Shanghai style cuisine and some dishes are. Their Wonton is very good.
Great flavor.  However some of their cost saving measures go on the stingy side.  My chicken sandwich was cut as thin as lunch meat
Price was actually 59$ per person when i was there around christmas time. but i thought it was worth it, only worse part of the meal was the mexican food. I also killed the desserts!
Ate here because nothing else was open. Buffalo wings way to salty. Ribs were aight.
Small place with good service.  They do have Thrifty ice cream and is a reason alone to go there.  The gyro was ok.  It was lacking flavor and sauce.  They serve Pepsi products which I feel is generic.  It's close to home and would go back and try something else.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to.  Wonderful service and the entire meal, yes the entire meal, was wonderful.  Even the kids liked it and well, you know kids, they don't like anything.
Great food, not great service when you have a Groupon.
The staff here is extremely polite and courteous. I haven't been to a Einstein bagels in years I completely forgot how delightful the food is here. I ordered two bagels which only took about 3 minutes to make. If your looking for some fast service I definitely would recommend this place.
I use to work here a while ago... Trust me you dont want to eat here, I have seen first hand what goes on in the kitchen. And thats why I quit.
My husband and I had a fun date night here. Clean bowling alley and pretty good snack bar. My only complaint is how expensive it was for the two of us to play 2 games. I wish they had bogo offers for locals, we would return a lot more often.
I had a custom made red velvet cake for my husband's  40th bday -the sisters went above and beyond  by making it really special - it wasn't what I had in mind  but better and looked more expensive than what I originally wanted!! Cake was so delicious too! Highly recommended !
Dont go to other wireless repair shops... I live in summerlin area but i still drive this far if ever i need works for my phone. Look for RJ, he's really nice and Honest!
We just signed up for indoor soccer and are so pleased with the facility. Everyone is so nice and professional. Cory is the person we dealt with to try to get our 11 year old on a team because they were full and he genuinely cares. Will definitely do this again!\nEveryone there was great!
Loved to selection. Kind of pricy. Nice comfortable place. Could reduce the menu some... Too many items, I don't want to read a book... I would go back...
The food was traditional and rather normal. It was missing a uniqueness you would come to expect from a celebrity chef. The appetizers were good as was the bread. The meal itself was so so.
My husband come here every week.... the staff is friendly and always on point. Miranda and the other bartender girl are amazing. I would suggest you give them a try. I'm so in love with the 9oz  steak...
Fail.  Total fail.  The only reason I am even giving it a star at all is because the one doorman was so cool.  This was the worst place we went to on our entire trip.
Really wanted to like this place. The decor is beautiful a nice staff but the food is horrible. Tried it three times and have been disappointed three times.  Will never go back
Stopped in with a large box to find out how much it would cost to ship it. The gal behind the counter was friendly, efficient and speedy. I was sorta sad that I couldn't give her that business right away. Soon, though.
Grew up down the street from the original location in Delaware and always enjoy finding one when I travel for work. Not nearly as good as the one back home but still a million times better then Subway or Firehouse, etc.
This bar was irritatingly upsetting. No happy hour. NO DRINK menu. and ONE cocktail drink cost me $8.
Great show for kids and family!!!!
The sales girls were extremely helpful and friendly! I will definitely return. I got two amazing dresses on sale for less than $60 for both!
Overpriced bar relying on a captive audience from the hostel upstairs. Nothing special.
We ended up getting sick after eating at this \"restaurant\". Only seems good as a bar. Service was on the slow side which you wouldn't expect for a Thursday.
Huge bar, cheap drinks, radio friendly songs you've heard a million times and they let anyone in.  That's both a blessing and a curse depending on how you look at it.
The shampoo session was wonderful.  Demetrio the stylist did a good job on my hair but it did not look like the picture I brought. My hair I'd now too short.
Hipsteriffic little offbeat beer/wine pub within walking distance (for me), and their happy hour runs until 8. \n\nWow.\n\nThe only downside: It's really small and is getting pretty popular.\n\nHop on your single-speed and head up there sometime.
Been to eat at better buffets in Vegas. Steaks were tough, pecan pie looked green (see photo). I did like the Mexican section. Food seemed to sit out all day. Will not be back, sorry
The food here is really good!! I've try the panini and for desert I've try theirs gelato. Really good!!! Great service.!!!
Food and price are good. But the one thing that stuck with me was our server, Inis. Very sweet girl.
If 0 stars was an option, that's what this restaurant would get.  If you want to watch a hot head owner treat his employees like crap, this is the place. If you want good food...go else where.  Ridiculous atmosphere. I don't give my money to assholes who act like clows.
I go here ALL the time. Everyone is super friendly and the food is always delish!
One of the best places for Ice cream and the environment is awesome nice old school feel. Very heart broken they are closing May 31st 2011
Very upper class clean-cut and tailor-made for the best of the best clothing brands and other high and accessories and the such the only complaint I have is the lack of younger upbeat style stores as there is very few and selection at this mall but I highly suggest the urban outfitters
Ahi tuna sandwich was very good, and gluten free bread was a nice option. Great drink selection and bar area was nice with patio option.
Wow... This place is great! Definitely try the alligator po' boy. Great service, great food! We will be back.
Signed up for training with professional and knowledgable trainer, Andre today!\nLooking forward to a great You Fit experience. Super helpful at the front desk. Clean and no pressure atmosphere. Thanks!
Not a bad place to stop for a drink.  Haven't eaten there.  There is a jungle motif.  It's a little out of the way, but if you're up in that area, not a bad place to stop off...
I went there tonight & I'm impressed. The service was awesome & the food very tasty! I'll definitely go back soon with my family! Also the place is really cute & cozy
The service was good but the food was sub par, would not eat here again, if you want a more authentic sushi experience I would look somewhere else.
Ok place for pho. The place is kinda scary at  night. It is hidden in a dark area. I felt like I might get robbed coming out of there.
I love this place. I like the classic ham sandwich. The food is yummy. You can buy sides when you don't cook. You get a stamp card for free food. Plus, they are always super nice.
Great ambiance
This place is nothing close to the original one in Detroit.  Not terrible, but absolutely no sizzle.
This place has a great happy hour. The sushi rolls are big, well priced, and taste delicious. My favorite rolls are Blue flame, Golden Budda, Las Vegas, and Rainbow. Everyone I bring here loves the food. So far it's the best sushi that I have had in AZ.
the bus!!! i love how you can piss and watch what everyone is doing at the bar. haha food is good and drinks are reasonable
Every time I visit Las Vegas, I always go to the beef jerky store and bought 1 month of jerky supply before I go back home, because I loooove their seafood jerky!  Their spicy Ika and cuttlefish jerky are the best.
I'm a big fan, membership is the way to go. I've never had a bad or even average experience.
Went back to this place.  Internet was still awful.  Can't watch any videos.  Mocha is really good.  But they lost a customer for good.  You're a coffee shop, and people come here to study.  If you can't provide adequate internet, then that's a problem, and a foolish one on the owners behalf.
Joining CrossFit Infinite Strength has undoubtedly been one of the best decisions I have made to improve my overall well-being. The facility is fantastic and the coaches are extremely knowledgeable. The coaches along with the other members create a community that will help you reach your fitness goals.
Love this place. Dulce de Leche shack with a double cheese burger and fries, its heaven.
Won't ever come back here.  The security guards are pricks, the place was too small and the drinks were ok.  The highlight of my night was the one bartender who hooked up an extra dose of patron for my friend and I.  Other than that, this place was mediocre at best.
Very poor customer service. I came in to cash a check and they gave me some made up story why they couldn't cash it.I never have a problem why today? ? So I'm going to take this business else where!
I went here to see Jerry Seinfeld on my last night in Vegas.  It was such a great experience for just over $100!  I love the atmosphere of the place and I also love that it's inside the best Vegas hotel!
Good, large menu although a bit expensive. Service cold and slow (server only came once to our table to sell us more wine, not to ask how we were doing). Atmosphere very nice.
I have to agree with Ali O. I like Friendly's better...
Its a cute little british pub with a cute little front patio which is nice on a breezy summer evening. I love to go here while out on a night on the town and stop in for a Pyramid apricot ale along with a scotch egg with some hollandaise sauce. So good!
Stop here! This place is great lots of items, nicely displayed and clean. Friendly owner(I presume) great vibe. Even found a little treasure!
Stopped by here one night when i was hanging with some friends.  I found the bar tenders to be rather rude and not interested in helping the customer.    The venue is really cool and does have a great vibe but bad customer service isn't worth it.
I walked in and the workers walked past me and never greeted our party. I had to finally ask to get help. Then I find out the all you can eat is limited to one hr. Not worth my time.
Always packed. It's better to order takeout. for vegan food (which usually tastes like cardboard) it's excellent. I recommend the dragon bowl with Tempe.
The bibimbap and bulgogi were amazing!  Great atmosphere, decent prices.  They do having a parking lot, but it's tiny.  We ended up parking in the one of the neighborhoods about 2 blocks away.  I wasn't too crazy about the backless bar stool.  I felt like I was about to fall off.
This place used to be so much better.\nMaybe thats why I was disappointed.\nExpensive drinks, insane drink refill wait time\nand .... do i need to add anything else
Have been here twice, and the service and food have both been extremely good. They have a pretty good wine list too here.
I enjoying supporting a small business ESP a Downtown business.  Super clean, super cute, really hip!  Pancakes Yumma but not worth the price but I'm\nSure rent is crazy expensive.  They have charging outlets by every still at front counter to charge while you play on UR device and eat or sip coffee!
Bad food, bad service.\n\nShould change the name to diaBLOW'S.\n\nTwo stars though for the \"free\" shot.\n\nNever mind, the chicken mascot flipped off my boyfriend. One star.
Fast. \nFriendly. \nCheap. \nIf you get the ultimate package you get a free basic car wash in a week. Just keep the receipt.
Great fish tacos, guacamole, and Sangria.  Lots of easy parking. Friendly staff and good atmosphere. Would recommend. Prices are good, not cheap but not pricey. Clean.
My son says the hot dogs are pretty good, but the service is not good at all.
Popular Japanese eatery so be prepared for a wait, especially on the weekends.\n\nSushi menu was a bit limited and most rolls were very similar, but still very good. Sashimi was very fresh and excellent.  Service was prompt and friendly, atmosphere inviting. I will be back.
Tacos were Ok
Yum yum yum. This hits the spot when I need a pho fix. They make a great variety of things and they are all tasty
Very limited flavors when we were there. Very expensive too. Happy that they had a mini one since I wanted to try it and I count calories.
Attempted to stop and get lunch and was told they were closed for lunch even though the hours listed said I had 10 minutes left.  I guess they didn't need my money even though my order would have been to go.  I will never attempt to dine here again.
I don't get all the hype surrounding chicken and waffles.  This is my second time trying it and I liked the waffle, and I liked the fried chicken, I just didn't think the combination was as orgasmic as other people seem to.  On another note, the corn bread is delicious!
KFC's service sucks? Slow? Not new to me.\n\nEating at this kind of place and wondering why this place is still in business. Food was okay, they serve great wings with a cheap price. Won't probably be coming back anytime soon because of the bad things this place has.
they had a porn convention for 4 days, it was crazy with all the pervs and everybody was taking pictures with them like they were movie stars :)
Love this place. Service is great and on point every time. The food is excellent every visit without fail and I love seeing familiar faces when I drop by with the family. Highly recommend.
I love my daughter's coaches. Especially when they let me know she isn't doing what she's suppose to do.  My daughter has been doing gymnastics since 2 and this is my favorite spot so far.
Great place to take the family.  Would recommend this location for parties. Glen, the game attendant did a great job resolving the problem with one of the games.
Very cool food! Great presentation , simple menu , and the food is tasty. You'll probably enjoy their noodle bowl. You can go all vegan , but they only have alcoholic drinks.
Horrible service and food. Pita sauce was bland , chicken was dry and lettuce was bitter. There was also no hospitality . The cashier was monotone and not friendly.
I went there on my anniversary and had the best food. Server was really sweet and I would say sit on patio as one can get beautiful view of Bellagio fountain. Highly recommended!!!
For a buffet at Bellagio i was expecting a better service. The wait time was more than an hour and after getting in we waited  like ten minutes for our drinks. Food was decent. \nProbably i wouldn't come back.
Freakin' expensive and worth it.  The wine stweard and bartender were very knowledgable and fun.
For all the good reviews this place received, I expected a lot better.  I only went there because the reviews were awesome! The foot was terrible, I thought.  It was not really authentic besides the beans.  Mexican is one of my favorites, and this was just a disapointment.
Went here with my girlfriend for 3 days straight now, food is amazing with unlimited creation combinations. Not only is the food worth driving across town for, but the staff is extremely nice with a manager who is very orientated with pleasing his customers. By far best pizza in AZ!
Amazing clothing and fantastic deals! As a photographer this is my first stop for designing shoots when I need amazing wardrobe items. The owners are really nice and friendly and very helpful.
I'm not gay. I love Amsterdam. See what I did there?\n\nThe ambience and staff at Amsterdam are pretentious-less and anxiety-inhibiting. The drinks are well-mixed and appropriately priced. The bar itself is inspiring and the seating, comfortable.
We had the balsamic infused fig and bacon pizza. Pure Genius. This is casual  and intimate with a friendly staff and a flour covered owner right on site getting his hands in the pizza dough.\nThe prices are a little high but it is really good.
Urbana has a lot of surprises for someone who enjoys nice drinks with great food. This was one of them. They have a great selection of spirits, wine, cocktails and great food. \nWill not be disappointed.
This is one of our favorite luncheon spots.  Our favorite meal:  Edd Drop Soup, Chicken with vegetables, Steamed Rice, Egg Roll.  Service is always fast and entrees are reasonably priced.  Usually pretty packed at lunchtime...a good sign.  Noticed that they seem to have a good take out service.
Awesome food! First thing I did my first time was grab some free peanuts and they were good. All the ingredients are free on your burger. Small piece of advice if it's your first time coming here don't get the large fries. They load the small fries with enough for 2 ppl
Nice folks but Mediterranean salad was deceiving.  Looked like it was chock full of goodness, but proved to be just on top and rest of container was pure lettuce.  Wife had to add her own ingredients to complete it.  Cave Creek & Tatum makes a much better salad.
It's ok they have a great selection of things for you aquarium but the fish selection is so so and prices on pumps filter etc are out of control.
Although the pizza might be good, the lines at 2am are nuts and last forever. It's only pizza, hard to think you'll spend over an hour in this line.\n\n\nGood food, just need to serve customers faster.
Best time ever! Drinks definitely STRONG. Mmmmmmmm good!
Terrible just terrible...\n\nThe rooms are supposed to me non-smoking which is not true.  \n\nI have incredibly bad allergies and when I complained to the front desk they said I have a confirmed reservation and they will see what they can do in the morning.
Hey! This place is named Deva's Laundromat & Dry Cleaning but they DO NOT do dry cleaning!  The man said they haven't done dry cleaning in over 8 years.
Excellent waitstaff. Shoe leather steak. Everything else was very good, but the \"steak\" was very disappointing.
Their advertisement in the the Weekly showed a patio area where you could see the Strip and the lights... don't count on it. You get to stare at Chuckie Cheese and a few other strip mall buildings. The fire pit outside was nice and our waiter was OK. Nothing special, although we didn't try any food.
Been at the front of the line with a couple guys and 3 old geezers in front of us and its been an hour and a half... we get inside the club and there is plenty of room and not crowded at all since it was a winter weekend. Cool waterfall though...
The portion sizes and the food was amazing!!!!  I love this place.
First dosa experience and it was wonderful. Definitely going back.
Hated this place.  Bad layout and weak/overpriced drinks. The only good thing is that the line moved fast.  \n\nIf you are in Vegas you should go somewhere else.  Where exactly? It doesn't matter.  This is the worst Vegas club I have ever been too so anywhere else will be better.
First time here, the food was good. Second time here, it was okay. Now, not so much. Doesn't seem fresh. Everything a bit flavorless.\n\nWon't be back.
Mahoney's is the type of place where women are accosted by the bartender as my girlfriend was this evening. Don't go!
Horrible service!!!! If you do not have your party there then they do not seat anyone!! The are rude and very snobby for a service that should be great. Food is fine if you can get past the service :/
Just had a nice large pizza with pepperoni, sausage and shrooms.  Awesome!  i love the thin crust style and the perfectly melted cheese.\n\nGreat service, great atmosphere and as mentioned... GREAT pizza!\n\nWill definitely be back for more.
Huge portions, family style dining. Caesars salad and the muscles were great. Also had the chicken Parmesan and the bolognese which was a bit watery.
Love love love this place! Walked in, no wait.. had great conversation with the girl doing my nails. Everything was exactly what I wanted, look forward to coming back :)
Bad customer service.  Deliberately held up orders to charge more money.......bad news
Basil is tantalizing for the taste buds! The coconut chicken soup is smooth and spicy, one of the best I've had in a long time.
I love Grimaldis. Very good pizza each and every time. I can never turn down a suggestion for Grimaldis! You won't be disappointed!
First massage with Tony. He was awesome.  I booked a 2 hour massage and he focused on the areas I needed him to. Reasonably priced too
The only place I go to get my vitamins :) Karen is not only amazing and lovely, she's also incredibly knowledgable and can help you find whatever you need. Love this store ;)
Outstanding service. Steven was recommended by some friends and showed up ON TIME. He also solved the issue with our refrigerator and was pleasant and knowledgeable. I am glad I can count on Steven.
Its just ok. They didn't return any of my phone calls. The people that work there are definitely not friendly. very small space. The teachers are very good.
Service was awful. The burger arrived 10 minutes before the fries. Shake never made it with the meal. Not a good experience.
6 months later cancel my membership already!! Sent your terrible letter to cancel and you ignored it and now I'm getting charged a $30 yearly renewal fee?! Not worth the cheap prices, don't do it!
Wow talk about a good way to go....heart attack in a box for sure but it's soooo good.  If you blink you'll drive right by it.  Patty melt was great, can't wait to try the burgers!
An 8 oz. (yes, EIGHT ounce!!!) steak for $42.00!!!  The saying is true - \"No one goes out of business betting against the intelligence of the American (in this case, TOURIST) population.  Stay away from this ripoff!!!
Good place.  Tasted Great. Great Delivery.  On time.
Just had maybe the best massage of my life. Ben did an awesome awesome job. I recommend him highly!! Imperial Spa is a hidden gem in Las Vegas and an amazing health day spa.
SLOWEST STARBUCKS EVER. I can't stand that this is the closest location to my house. I'm a former partner so I totally understand lines and wait times and I always end up waiting for way too long here.
The food itself is ok. The dessert is to die for and the atmosphere is awesome. A favorite place to have.dessert and wine at the end of the night
$5 for a cup of the smallest size of chai tea latte that is a mixture of cold pre-made chai tea liquid and hot milk foam. Employees are not professional they don't even know the coffees on their menu.
Best BBQ in madison. The best night is Thursday. All you can eat chicken and ribs. Their coleslaw is the vinegar oil kind. Not creamy. I love it. Some of the staff has worked there for years - a nod to this awesome locally/family owned eatery.
You cannot beat the view. Also, the fact that the entire joint is moving means you get several different views. Food is great and so is the wine.
At Poncho's you will find good Mexican food, but there is always a weird musty smell that I can't get over.  If you do go, I reccomend the frozen margaritas.  They are poured straight out of a machine, but they are delicious.
Sort of a hipster style health food cafe similar to panera without the ridiculously overpriced pastries. Salads, burgers paninis etc.  Menu is fully customizable.  Boylan soda fountain.  Staff is polite and informative. Very clean and symmetrical dining area. I opted for the chicken fiesta salad.
I ate there last night, party of four. Had wait of 25 minutes. Food was just OK. Wonder what all reviews saw in this place. Disappointing. Never again.
Friendly place with decent beer selection. Just don't believe the hype on the burgers and Philly cheesesteaks. Both were dry, not juicy, and just not that good.
no restroom , no seating , no WIFI , long line . I have had better but heck it's a casino
Pourquoi 4 \u00e9toiles ? Car c'est quand m\u00eame un peu cher ... Mais c'est incroyablement bon !! Testez les gnocchis ou encore le traditionnel lapin !
Foods pretty good, never had dim sum so I can't complain about anything :)
Had a great stay! Best housekeeping staff! Carol is great.  Lady at c/I could have been nicer but everyone else made up for it! Love the views. Room service was fast and tasty.  Will come back
Wings are excellent, especially the salt and peppercorn. Nice crunch on the outside and moist nice off the bone meat. Can't wait to come back in evening to try the prime rib and some brews in the tasting room.
great concept, location, cool dudes, solid cuisine. only regret was seemingly high salt content, but I will return nonetheless!
Very nice elagant store... Great free ice coffe. I think better than Starbucks but that's just me. I got a light affordable snack. I want to try everything ! The bloody mart salad sounds cool!
This restaurant has really changed since eating there last. First thing was added additional tables so way over crowded and very loud where you couldn't even hear people at your own table. Then to food, it was just ok..... Service and waiter did a great job!
Ok but not fabulous-decor in room was bland.  Quiet with all the things a business traveler could want including business center where you can print out your boarding pass for free.  Great view of uptown and very comfortable beds.
Waited 15 min before order was taken. The employee was nice but she can't do it all!!!\nGet her some help.\nI went across the street to Jamba Juice. The  service will cost this company.
Surprisingly good tex mex and a great atmosphere. The music is actually really good also.
I have been to this restaurant on two different occasions.  The first time was good enough.  Fine food, not great, but good.  The second time we went, we had to leave before even getting chips because of the awful odor.  It smelled like their sewer lines were backed up.  Not good.
Lately it seems their standards have gone down. The chicken is dry when I order white meat. If im paying extra I would expect better tasting food.
They should give you MDMA with the admission to make the place more exciting. Bad music, bad fake tans and bad attitudes of the overworked staff.\n\nGood if you're a 40 year old looking to pick up a 16 year old girl.
Great for kids that like to perform in shows and competitions and they get to travel to San Diego too!\nDonna Frias is the owner that used to perform in Las Vegas review shows around the world. Her team of professionals will make sure your kids get what they need to reach their peak level of dance ability.
Delicious!  The food is different than most places.  The service could use a little work...meaning the could be a little more attentive, but it was good overall and I'll go back.
A little pricey and the service lacked a bit. But super fresh and delicious. Will go back but hopefully with a better server.
Let's just say this place should be reviewed by the health department and local agencies regarding food labeling and sales. I ordered sea bass but I was actually served tilapia. Good to know they have no regard for selling what they claim to serve.
Really dry sandwiches. Slow service. Every Milio's I've been to has been 4x better than this. Just bad.
One of the best Mexican places around. The owner always greats you with a smile. Lately it has been kinda a hit and miss. But still good. Sunday Brunch is always fun.
Perfect dive bar.  Drinks are reasonably priced and the service was good.
Meh... It was just ok. The food looked better than it tasted :-/  I had the BBQ chicken, greens, and mac & cheese. I would give it another try, but order other items from the menu. \n\nAside from that, the service and atmosphere were great!
I really wasn't impressed.  I shared three different mini cupcakes with my friend.  Red velvet, black & white and vanilla.  The after taste was the worst part! I won't go out of my way to return.  The cupcake ATM  was a hoot and I will post photo.
Definitely americanized asian cuisine. But very good none the less. I had the green curry and it was pretty good. I'd definitely recommend it to other people.
I love the French toast here so much the chicken is on the meh side tho it could be in larger pieces and a bit more crispy
I found the food here to be there. The atmosphere in Decor was spectacular however. I ordered the seared tuna and the sides were delicious, but the tuna was average. I also ordered the ice cream sandwiches for dessert and was not overly impressed... although they were good, they were not at the level I had expected.
We're from New Orleans and know good food. This is a must try. Great service, great location and wonderful food. If you can't get a table for dinner, try it for lunch. You won't be disappointed. Thanks Laurent and Thierry. LEK
Diverse selection of sushi, rolls, and cooked food. The AYCE is also reasonably priced and decor is nicer than most other sushi places.
Some of the best pizza in Charlotte. Unfortunately understaffed and somewhat dirty floors and tables need cleaning. Pizza and salads are wonderful. But the colorful plastic plates needs to be trashed.....incredible amount of scratches and knife marks on surface
Awesome quality at the BEST prices!!!!  Red Star Vapor allows you to custom select and flavor your juice at prices far less than what you'd pay at any other shop.  My only regret is not finding then sooner...
Love this place! Delicious pizza every time with a class or bottle of lambrusco! Ohhh I can't forget the amazing oreo cheese cake mmm!
Went to Yard House when in Town Square I happened to witness on a TV that Honda scored a goal in the 2014 FIFA World Cup game - Japan vs Ivory Coast.\n\nWe moved to Yard House to continue watching the game. We only had a light meal, and it was decent.
I do most of my grocery shopping here due to proximity, plus the discount you get on gas is a great incentive.
Nitrogen chilled drinks... I will say no more.\nOh, I guess I will say some more, excellent selection of Absinthe.\nMenu has no trouble to keep up as well!
Love the new plating and the food has bumped up in presentation and flavor. Plus what kid or fry lover can resist bottomless fries? The healthy options are a plus,  definitely a worthy burger spot.
SMH... Service was OK, atmosphere was LOUD and Tapas were mediocre at best. I would pass on this if you are looking for a quality Tapas. I may be spoiled coming from LA but I wouldn't go back!
One of my favorites for breakfast or Brunch.
Best breakfast burritos!! The breakfast burritos hit the spot after a long night shift or in the morning! The establishment is a bit worn but the food is still good. The best part is they are open 24hrs.
My husband is a huge fan of The Cutting Board and I am liking it more with each time. They have great items for people who are gluten free and I love their bowls.
Katie, this is a great new location for you.  The salons are great and the setup is nice.  The location is perfect to grab lunch and then have your hair done.  Easy access to the 17 and close to everything.  Awesome move!
LOVE THIS follow on twitter as well
Not as good for me. 2 and a half stars in my opinion. Worth a try but wouldn't come back
I'm at Ono on duty tonight, kinda busy NO sauces both empty? Lots of sticky soda on the floor. Both table I stood waiting a to go order have sticky food on them icky for sure. Staff is nice tho and smiles while being polite. I'll be back KDS
Slow people, damaged Nissan Versa with a weird rattling noise that sounds like a flat tire while driving, spilled coffee and stains on the car seats, what else do I need to say?
Called and placed an order to be picked up. My husband goes to pick up and they never made the sandwich. They said that they never got the order over the phone. Boooooo
Good spot. I think downtown tempe lacks a great food selection. Mellow offers good but not great pizza. Their happy hour is pretty good and the beer selection is top notch. Great location helps too.
I come here every once in a while for Chicken fried rice and Sesame chicken. Both are good and usually can feed 3-4 people if portioned properly. This place has been around for a very long time. Customer service can be a bit difficult, so do keep that in mind. All in all, one of my favorite Chinese places.
Bunch of pretty wanna bees run this place. Food is so so.
Left because ONE Ohio state fan threw a hissy fit and they turned the ASU game off when 3 tables protested.  The manager did nothing! Shame on you this is arizona!  Will not be back for any more ASU games,  and this is the close pac 12 bar for me,  I will find another place!
This is not Korean food. Bad taste for expensive price. Never coming back, ever. please do not come here.
Horrible service! Horrible bartender! Good ambience for sports. Don't recommend this place at all!
The gelato here is a 2.5 out of 5 for me. Most of the gelato I tried was icy and artificial. I ordered half cookies n cream and half milk chocolate. The milk chocolate had a rich flavor and tasted like milk chocolate. The cookies n cream was artificial and icy.
Fun place! Good food and drinks. Live band upstairs on the weekends. However the bartender lost my credit card when I went to close it out only to call me the next day to say they found it. Too bad I had already closed my account. Maybe they should get a better system like swiping when you order vs. holding it?
Nigri was very fresh...  But I agree with other reviewers that the rolls are way over sauced.
Thats not BBQ...its meat with BBQ sauce :(((
Delivered on time, love there new crust good pizza!
This place's bagels are just incredible.  They are fresh, chewy, and made on-site.  I had \"The Sexy\" which was awesome.  The owner rang me up and was incredibly friendly.  If you love authentic, fresh bagels, this is your place.
Good burgers and mac & cheese.
This place is under new management and is awesome!!  If you enjoy socializing with your friends, bring them here and bowl, drink, etc. -- its very nice and a ton of fun!
Unbelievable food and service. Honey wasabi dipping sauce is to die for. Japanese and soul food fusion... who could ask for anything better! Definitely a must when in Vegas.
Carnitas Guanajuato has moved to 5534 Albemarle rd.
Koko is an acceptable place to get an okay burger or a drink.  But it really isn't anything special.
Had a tex-mex type burger that was pretty good. Can get a little pricey but they have \"combos\" that I guess is supposed to save you money. Service was good, nothing bad but nothing too great as well.
Great breakfast but get there early on the weekends as it can get crowded. The Eggs Benedict Maricopa with sausage sans Canadian Bacon are fantastic.
Love this place. Staff is so friendly  food is great pricing is good.  Down side - Always a kong line and lots of flys
Nice room though outside seemed dank and dirty. Pool was out and front desk was not inviting. Overall just ok for the price.
Payed way to much for awful food. 20 bucks for a lunch. I suffered through eating it because how much I spent. Pot Stickers were dry and probably bought from the dollar store freezer section. General tso chicken was barely ok. Egg rolls(spring rolls) were greasy and mush. Never going there again.
I finally went to try this piazza out. It was good not really anything out of the norm from any other pizza I've had. I just had the margherita it was tasty. Kind of thin but I like the crust. I'll probably go back for another pizza with more toppings.
Again, my favorite spot in Ahwatukee for the last 10 years! The food is always great!
Worst Chinese restaurant in Vegas!!!! Food was cold and tasted awful. Iced tea tasted like dirty dishwater. Server was rude! Hoping we don't get food poisoning. Would give it 0 stars if I could.
Donuts are really good, if they have any when you get there!!!  Went in on a Tuesday morning at 1030, and they only had a total of 10 donuts. Drove out of my way to go there and still ended up at Dunkin Donuts. Very disappointed!!
Great staff, very attentive Clean and organized.
Good drinks, the place is always too busy. The decor is excellent and always fun. This place defined an era for Vegas and still does so.
This place is absolutely beautiful. Seriously. Not really sure what else to say. The trails are awesome (albeit be careful as you can get lost) Plenty of parking and there are bathroom facilities. All a win in my book. If you haven't checked out this area, please do so. You will not be disappointed.
Place is nice, staff is nice but a bit rehearsed.  Always eager to take your trash.  Should come up with better system to bring your food out. Sandwich is kind of bland and not as tasty as places like Potbelly or even Quiznos though better than Subway.
Anytime is always cryptic with their pricing and make you go in for a quote. I was quoted $35/mo and considering the facility's size and amenities ( or lack thereof) and the local competition within 10mi, it is completely overpriced and not worth it.
With all the night clubs available in Veags....Do NOT come here. Terrible, terrible service. Small venue with very little non-VIP room to dance and just overall very disappointing....NEXT!
Photos with the cocacola polar bear!
What's with long lines to get breakfast! Very disappointing.
We went there Saturday night. The food was great. The pasties were hot and golden brown. They have many different varieties on the menu so it is hard to choose. They also have many beers on the menu to choose from.  I liked the atmosphere. It reminded me of eating in a pub in London. We will defiantly go back.
Their website doesn't work, and I tried the phone number and it isn't in service?
Delicious burgers n chix wings however the lighting at nyttym is kinda dim. They need to brighten that up a little.
I love Steve's Cafe. They serve lots of good food at a reasonable price. I've never had anything there that I didn't like, but right now, I'm especially into the Southwestern Chicken Wrap!
Tucked away in a strip mall, this place is great!  The portions are generous and the food is really flavorful.  We haven't had a bad meal yet, just a little messy.
The buffet was decent but avoid the sushi at all costs.  I had to spit it out in my napkin.  It was honestly the foulest tasting food I have eaten all year.
The food was good but nothing to blow your mind.  The portions were huge, all of us ended up getting a doggy bag (and I'm a fatty so that's saying something).  I would check it out if you are in the neighborhood!  Prices ranged from $9-22, so you could eat for cheap if you wanted.
It is really hard to mess up Chipotle's quality and service and this place does not disappoint.  The same quality food you get from any other Chipotle and the same great service.  This location could get a little crowded due to it being on the Strip and within the outlet mall but they move the line as fast as possible.
We love True Food Kitchen! \nWe had two errors on our order today and our server did not return to the table for at least 15 min after we received the food. That was a bummer, but good still.\n\nYou will fall in love.
This is a clean store with a good selection of convenience items.  However, gas is usually a little more expensive at BP stations & this one is no exception.
I went in to pick up a unlock phone right now and open it just found out the glass is chip! Pisss off ! Never going back again.
It's good.  I thought it was on the right track.   Everything was solid.  Deviled eggs, chick sandwich and komboocha tea. Nothing blew my mind,  I'll go back and see what the evening vibe is like.  Glad to have it in the neighborhood.
Not a favorite but okay to eat for a dinner. Tried the teriyaki chicken with rice but it was over powering with heavy sauce. Couldn't taste the veggies.
we were in town for 3 nights and ended up eating here twice great bar food exactly what i expect, what more can a guy ask for!
Why give $10 a bag when i can leave $10 for ALL my bags plus carryons with a bellman for the day and know they make it to the airport? Plus i take care of the skycap at the airport with another $10 and i'm good!
bad service
You likely will get sick.
Absolutely Delicious! And authentic. Simplicity. Did I say delicious?
Excellent cupcakes. Get the red velvet. Hs
These ladies are amazing and every time I am getting my eyebrows they become better and better. Nori and Muna they both have same techniques get minimum pain. Also they only use special thread that 100% organic and no one in any threading spot in vegas using that. My eyebrows looking best and I never go back to waxing.
I was excited to come try this place out since I heard good things but was quickly disappointed when most of the food was cold. There is a variety of food to try but quality is sub par. It's not worth the price and will not return.
back in phoenix and back to mi patio. this time i asked about the refried beans, they are vegan, no lard. had a tostada. it was good but nothing special. margaritas were still cheap and pretty good but nothing excellent about this restaurant.
Can't go wrong.  Always excellent accommodations
our favorites are the miso soup, mermaid and baked lobster roll! I take my kids here often, we love it!  The atmosphere is nice, the kids enjoy sitting and watching them make the rolls.  The lunch specials are very affordable the customer service is great.  very clean too!
Went here with a large group. Good steak.  Sides were only decent. Overall a 4 star meal.  I would go back if asked, but would not plan the meal here. There is better in town.
After walking around New York New York  and only seeing steak, pizza, and pasta, we were happy to find Chin Chin. Pineapple rice was delicious and the the sushi roll was fresh.  It was exactly what we were looking for.
It was a pleasant experience. The prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly. I'd recommend it.
Went in here this morning and stood at the front for 7-8 minutes and was not helped by anyone. Needless to say  walked out. Won't be back here anytime soon.
Great hotel, but do not eat their restaurant.  My brother got sick right after he ate their burger, and was up the entire night, right before an interview the next day.  Totally ruined the experience.
The food is awesome, all of it, pizza to entries.  The service is outstanding.  We asked for chocolate milk and they sent someone out to buy it since its not normally on menu.  You'll be treated like royalty.
0% financing is always good. But you can't go in this place without someone following you around so they can get a sale. Good selection of everything tho. Will always go back but might want to dress in camouflage to blend in and look in peace.
Generally good all around. Havent had a bad meal yet and the staff is very friendly at this location.
Variety was great, service was awesome, dining area was clean but the bathrooms needs more attention. It was filthy!
If u want a burger that will change how u look at quality n pricing this is the place begs everything unlike 5guys In n Out the big chain restaurants they put love care n their food u leave feeling good
Very delicious & lots of awesome varieties & options.  I would suggest calling ahead.  If you plan on hanging out is very small. They took a while because they weren't prepared for the dinner rush,  but it was definitely worth it.  \nBig portions at very reasonable price & filling.
This is the number one place of choice when it comes to deciding where to go for lunch during the week. Oh sweet pork barbacoa!!
Get the pastrami, swiss, and egg on pumpernickel. It is amazing and service is quick. Being from out of town this is so much better than Starbucks.
Well, I must confess myself disappointed. Apparently, it's the owner's day off. There are hardly any customers, yet it took over 20 minutes for our food, while four servers BS'd up front. \n\nWe are regulars here, and we will return, but probably not on a Sunday.
For a place inside the casino it was pretty bomb. The prices were moderate but the ingredients were fresh!
Not a very good place to eat on a budget, plus the food is only ok. I would not come back the food is better at chilis and about the same price. If u want to drink and watch football go to RTOs where u can get big beer mugs like the one in my picture.
For Gordon Ramsey this place is a disappointment.  The warm pretzels were not so warm or soft.  The deviled eggs were tasteless.  I was really disappointed in these.  For the price this place is charging it's a pure embarrassment.  This is nothing than a tourist rip off.  I would have rather paid for McDonalds.
Wonderful place to stop.  Stayed at the DoubleTree and walked down.  Their coffee is local and delicious.  The bread fresh and soft.  The couple running it very kind and inviting.  Very pleased with discovering this local shop.
so good... and great customer service too.\n\ni'm bringing my family here when they come here for a visit.
Booked a Hoover dam tour with them. The tour guide was great but when we got to the dam we had 1hr 30 min for the \"VIP\" tour. If i would have known that i would have no time to even walk the dam i would have drove myself and saved the 100$ a person. Will not use for anything else.
Not even close to authentic mexican food. The guacamole was the only item that was decent other than that everything was bland. I would not go back there again. On top of that the food was WAY overpriced.
i've been to my fair share of sam woo restaurants, the food is the same, but WHY THE HELL IS THIS ONE SO EXPENSIVE?!?!?
Huge portions! Great service.
I went here couple of month ago for late night drink. \nI was a little drunk when I went in here, just a little bit, so I don't recall things quite precisely but I liked the atmosphere.\nDim lighting which I liked.\nFriendly staff.\nNothing special for drinks.
There pizza is amazing and homemade Ordered take out and it was made in about 20 to 25 mins. Have never ate in the restaurant but when I went and picked up our food, they were so nice and friendly. The owner is a nice italian man.
Fantastic service, great food! There was a mix up with the tables for a reservation and the management (Colin) went well above and beyond. Highly recommended for anybody looking for a quality meal
Beware!!!!! Double dipping on reimbursed copays. Turning this over to the AZ department of insurance.
Absolutely disgusting.  Ive been here before and it was good. I just tried it again and got pad thai. The chicken was old and smelled and the shrimp was overcooked and not cleaned. I will never return and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
This was my first time in Madison and I am so happy that my friends brought me to this joint for breakfast. Not only was the waitress funny, but the food is amazing! I tried their crab benedict and let me tell you I have been craving the rosemary hollandaise sauce for days ever since.
I have been a big fan of another burger place for the vast majority of my life. Freddy's has finally dethroned them. OUTSTANDING!!!
Good food. Cool atmosphere. Prices are high!! If you work in the hospitality industry go Tuesdays! 50% off or try their happy hour.
I ordered the chicken marsala burger and I do not recommend it, it was soggy and had a weird texture. My boyfriend ordered the black and blue burger, it was just average. The fries were delicious and they have good dipping sauces. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick but the food was just OK.
Food was ok, still waiting on the quesadilla we ordered about 30 minutes ago. Not planning on coming back. The hotel employees are rude, too.
I've heard so much of this place, but honestly, I am not a fan, asked about the corned beef hash, first thing my waitress said, \"We'll it's canned, but I guess it's decent.\" Coffee tasted as if it was from the day before. Overall not a good experience.
I love nike items. I bought bball tank top. Love it and hella cheap! I got it for $7 and tax. Not bad for a sale item. Def goin back again next time. Customer service was good also. Cashier was helpful and asked if everything is ok. Happy man righhh here lol
Salsa club moved next door, but restaurant closed on 08/15/2009.  I always wanted to try this place, I'm sad to see it go....
This place is great!  I went in late in the day with a broken ipad screen and Vahe had it repaired fast!  The cost was the lowest I could find and he was very friendly and helpful!  I highly recomend i Doctor AZ!
Very nice place. The decor is nice and so is the atmosphere. The service was fast and for the most part friendly. The servings aren't at all large, but we left feeling very satisfied. The price is a little bit high, but not at all unbearable. Would definitely return!
The burrito was salty and so was the enchilada that my husband had. It looked nice enough inside and our server was very nice but the food didn't do anything for me or my husband. There are better Mexican food places in the area and I suggest you explore them.
Rating A inspection. Fast, fresh, hot food for $7.50 lunch specials. Good choice if you are in the area!
An awesome place for a late night break. The guacamole in the tacos is amazing. Everything about the mula is amazing.
These guys are super nice and very professional.  They do all kinds of print jobs and I'm referring everyone I know on the west side of town to their shop at Rainbow and Oakey.
Great pizza. The crust and the sauce are some of the best I have had. The beer is cold and the mugs are frosted. Great location and very nice establishment.
This has been my second Yelp event. It was great! I'm a craft person and a jewelry fanatic, but then again what girl isn't. They had a lot of booths with my exact taste! I loved it and I'll definetly be going back!
I ordered the stickers for my video company from these guys and man they were printed quick and the quality was amazing!  I definitely recommend their business to anyone!
This is decent for what it is. I don't expect much considering we are in Vegas. Filling at best.
If you like SMALL no meat wings. (I call them pigeon wings.) And like to pay to much, You'll love this place....
Friendly and attentive service, but beware the food. Just finished lunch there an hour ago and I'm already dead sick. Two hours left until the work day is over but I don't know if I'll make it. If I'm not here Yelping tomorrow, tell my family I love them.
Rooms are nice.  Didn't clean my room until 9:00 pm.  After I complained twice
Things are still going strong! Glad I live here! New phase is complete and the other pool and outdoor living space is open. They also started a wine event. Gotta say, this is home!
My first time ordering here. I had the Daily Deal special which was half a sandwich of my choice,  a salad of my choice and a drink. Everything was fresh and made to order. Also, very reasonably priced. Fast delivery, too. Definitely ordering from here in the future.
Used to be a pretty cool venue for summer concerts..up until the 311 concert this past Saturday. I literally waited in line for a beer for 36 minutes. Worlds slowest bartenders & to top it off; the management staffed the bars with (1) bartender. Smart move..won't be coming back.?
The stir fry is edible. That's about all I can say. It is as authentically Asian as pei Wei.  Maybe less so.
Great Chinese Food...I live in Maricopa I traveled quite a ways to find this gem! Keep up the good work
Lisa is so nice! She always treats her customers with kindness and respect. If you are ever unhappy with your nails, let her know and she doesn't think it twice to fix the problem. I have been going to Lisa for years now. She does great eyebrow waxing and the best quality manicures. :)
I was here for a private party and it was awesome. Good music and vibe. The waiters and waitresses were very attractive, I can see why this place is so popular.
Tried it once w/ the kids, won't be back.\nNot bad, but for their high prices and the quality, there are better choices in LV.\n\nNoise level is high.
baby back ribs. mashed potatoes. mac n cheese. enough said! We bring all our visitors here. ahhhhhhmazzzingggg. Can't go wrong.
We got a local 2 for 1 deal. The show was very engaging and entertaining. The meal was basic chicken, broccoli, potatoes and bread, soup and apple pastry dessert. Very good, and lots of food! I would recommend this show to people of any age.
The atmosphere is fun and friendly and the martini selection is wonderful! I will soooo be going back!!
The crust of the pizzas is very flavorful and the large salad is a LARGE only finish half of it
I have traveled a lot in my day. Been to many a ports for air travel and this one just didn't flow. Traffic jams in the cab, security line, terminal walkway, and plane runway. Get there ahead of time so you can rock out with your tunes to all these jams.
by far the best sandwiches you can find on the strip!\n\nThe holiday is probably my favorite. Some turkey and some cranberries and you really cannot go wrong. The size of the sandwiches are very fair and what better to soak up all that alcohol right? LOL
Food, tea, service are great!
Great food and pretty reasonable prices! Try the deep-fried oreo sundae, so good!
Got the ribs, good stuff!  ( my gf got burger, not so good) she got thr cocktail too, huge but just ok. Waited ages to get table, ( think we got skipped) but waitresses was v nice
I wouldn't really call it a park. There is no playground. It is a nice location in downtown Chandler. Maybe a nice place to read a book or play a board game.
Finally a great place close to home that serves amazing fresh food and 8 craft brews on tap.\n\nHave been 3 times since opening a couple of weeks ago.\n\nThanks Liam!!!
Out of Business!
HORRIBLE.  My family had a made a reservation before flying into Vegas; we arrived and had to drive to the Fox rental yard to be told that there weren't any cars available, come back tomorrow.  Don't bother making a reservation because it WON'T be honored.
Umm Arepas should be a couple of dollars at the most. A cheese Arepa is $5 bucks and add a plate of beans and rice and some Passionfruit juice we are now heading into the $12 territory. Lame..
Love that you can eat outside!
Mmmmmmmm appetizer sampler is tasty ... 1/2 price drinks for ladies friday and saturday which means 1/4 price drinks all around!   Nice hockey rink     Hockey on almost every tv   Pizza looks good but am too full to order! Bartenders are cool   Video blackjack dominated us!
Good place to go to at reasonable prices.   I have found their fish is excellent for an Italian restaurant.  Pasta dishes tend to be a bit heavy.  Would give 5 stars,  but service here can be a hit or miss proposition.  Sometimes very good,  sometimes slow with the serving staff very confused.
Wow! This place was amazing! Nice get away from all the loud people of the strip. They had great music, low enough where you could still hear your friends. We went there the other night with some friends & had a great time! There's a beautiful view, comfortable seats.
Love Wendy's new salads and burgers. This was my first visit to this particular location and I found it to be very clean. I felt bad for the guy running the cash register because no one was helping him but he was very polite.
Super inexpensive - Lightning quick service - great people. cheek out the Mary-Rose special (calabasitas). It was AWESOME
Living downtown is expensive, but the staff is friendly, work with you and keep the place orderly\nGreat Views, great gym Capital Fitness\nPrices are going up everywhere but Butler Plaza is still less than many of the newer bldgs
The West African Peanut Stew is absolutely delicious. I order it every time I dine here. The service is very good with attentive servers and bartenders.
Best. Ramen. In. Town. So authentic! Amazing atmosphere! Love it!
As I sit here on Saturday night at 8 pm, 35 minutes after being seated I still have not received my drink. Obviously the food hasn't arrived...
I had a great time here.  Every dancer I saw was attractive.  And like Cris says $10 lap dances, they may as well be giving them away for free.  There were several girls dancing and for the three hours we were there we didn't get bored.  If you are looking for a good time go here.
Excellent service and great food. A definite stop for dining off the strip!!
I worked with Ms. Michaud on my family estate planning and business contracts and found her to be knowledgable, proactive and a good communicator. I have been very happy with the quality of her work and will continue to work with her in the future.\n\nRegards
The good was decent but the staff didn't seem very friendly here. They really like to nickel and dime you here for everything it seems like. It was clean at least. They don't really offer anything that would make me want to come back. Go down the street a block to Los Taquitos instead.
They always put a lot of effort into this exhibit, and considering it's a free attraction that says a lot about Bellagio! On the weekend it can get quite crowded - it's a small area - but definitely worth seeing if you are in the area!
Definitely worth the price and more.   Our go to place for AYCE.
The food was good and priced about the same or lower than other Hibachi style restaurants,  but even with reservations it took us one hour from sitting down for our meal to begin.  I find that to be entirely too long.
Quick, affordable Hawaiian comfort food. Love the mini mixed bbq and spam saimin. Generous portions with creamy macaroni salad and rice as the staple sides.
This place is owned by a very nice couple. It is very clean and they have good prices. The dryers work exceptionally well, I dried a HUGE load for not even 20 minutes and it was bone dry. Highly recommend this place. They also do 1$/pound wash,dry,fold.
I like to come here as an alternative AYCE sushi place especially since the prices for AYCE is better than most places. The Sushi is great definitely don't have any complaints. The place is a little hidden in the shopping center but I definitely make it one of my top 3 in Vegas for AYCE.
Good solid, a little above average bar food. Not worth going out of your way for, but if you're right there and If you can't get into Tonic...well, it will be acceptable.  Eh.
Moveaholoics was great. The crew that moved me was courteous and they were hard workers. Andy stands behind his work and I would definitively use them again.
How can you not love this place? Madison lacks a lot of big city things, but the union makes up for it.
I have been regularly. It is a good place. I have brought employees for lunch meetings and has a good lunch atmosphere. Have not been here for dinner yet. Menu is solid and I enjoy the pulled pork waayyy to much! Great food and the owner is always here.
4.0/5 - Pork Belly Tacos\n3.0/5 - Grilled Salmon Salad\n3.5/5 - House Smoked Salmon Sandwich\n2.5/5 - Rice and Beans - flavorful and not dry
Gets alot of hype from being on Top Chef. But there are much better Thai restaurants in Vegas and the price is too high. It is a tourist trap.
no more food @ cathouse... \n\nclub only now.
Horrible service. Really rude black female manager. Makes Bally's hotel look bad. They should fire her. She had a stank face and gave us a lot of attitude. As well as the elderly people behind us. Poor service.
Intimate restaurant seats about 70. Neat but a bit over priced, steaks were not great, and $70/ person for 2 sodas 1 bottle of average wine with the meal and no desserts. We wouldn't go back.
First time here and it was an amazing experience! Julia did exactly what I wanted to my hair and went above and beyond to teach me how to do it myself. Everyone is friendly and the environment is very inviting.
This is a sweet place. Yes the wall of cascade 200 is gone. darn. and mission falls isn't even sold anymore. The yarns are very nice. The coffee shop attached reallly makes the place a wonderful spot to meet knitting friends to shop and chat. It's a Madison treasure.
Echoing a previous review: the Crisp website says they are open until 9pm every day. I showed up at 7:30 on a Sunday and they were closed. How hard is it to update their website with accurate hours? Very unlikely I'll be returning...
I found this place to have a great beer selection and some pretty good music.  I plan on going back
Petco has a good selection of food and toys, but for cats & dogs the prices are much cheaper for similar items at Target. Start there then go to Petco.\n\nThe employees are friendly and the store is clean.  Good place to find Star Wars pet toys.
Best steak available   Well worth the cost.
Toooooooo freaking bright ,  i am gettin lightbulb burn.   Servers sitting at the bar with their uniform.  The bartender took 8!minites to acknowled me.   Toooooooo bright! Not likelly to return :-(.
Horrible food. Rude people. Closed now, thankfully.
Got food poisoning after eating here!!
Very good food and fast service.  I have never been disappointed.  I love their chicken and broccoli, and their hot and sour soup. Personally, I am not crazy about their crab rangoon or egg roll...it has a sweetness about it, but that's just a personal opinion.
Cheap way to get your veggies in, it helped make me a better cook and to learn to cook new things.  It is a little too much for once person, so I found myself either cooking and freezing or tossing stuff.  It is a great deal!  Everyone should check it out, at least once.
What more can I say except it is over priced, greasy Mexican food! I have had better in Texas, the only thing that saved them from being a one star is their great salsa!
The pizza was flat, almost no sauce, doe was hard and just not good. Even the kids (that like any pizza), did not like it and only took a few bites.  Maybe it's just this location, since I have ordered in Miami with satisfaction. I will just stick to Pizza Hut when in town and recommend the same.
I love this place! They did the cupcakes for my wedding and now I am having them again for my baby shower. I stop in anytime I'm in the area to get cupcakes or cookies. Everything I have had from here is amazing!
Great Music - drinks were STRONG, but the night we were there  everyone was 22 ... or 45 ... \n\nJust wish there would have been some more late 20's early 30's there as well, but if you have a group - definately a good time!
One word: Magic.
The food here was delicious! My first time here. The manager & chef were friendly and social to their patrons. The ceviche mixto was fresh and full of flavor. The only downside is their small location; hopefully they can expand soon.
I'll second the friendly staff comment, between that and actually running the specials its the only game in this part of town. I don't even know why I bothered to try out KFC's day old 5 thighs at the centennial location, Popeye's is a MUCH MUCH better deal, quality and value wise
Food is Excellent,  wait and bar staff top notch. I just don't get the hostess team, horrible. A 20 min wait for a table outside when there are 8 tables available???
I love Starbucks but this one I try to avoid because they are always so busy. Drive threw I usually wait 15-20 minutes .
The waffles are great, but you have to try the tuna sandwich where they use waffles as the bread! On top of that, their bobs teas hit the spot.
This markets niche seems to focus on the low end shopper. it lacks value and quailty. Carries lots of private label brands you find the the dollar store. If you can afford to buy better food than avoid shopping here
Very trendy place. Had the lush burger abd the truffle fries. Wasn't too happy with the truffle fries. The parmesan cheese wasn't blended in with the fries like i thought. Overall the burger was good and the atmosphere.
This place blows!!! Rated the best wings ?? I don't think so! They were terrible. Also, the service was bad and it wasn't even busy. Never coming back.
3 1/2* The Cheesecake Factory\nPeoria, AZ\nGreat happy hour menu\nLoved the Skinlicious menu that had a chicken salad & burger\nDesserts are fab\nFriendly food service by Michael
I recommend to never come to this discount tire I bring in my BMW to get a new tire and I went home and found out they bent my rim on my BMW, I went back in and the guy tells me it was bent when I bring it in. But he never told me anything when I left. Do not come here bad service and liars!
I like their tuna sandwiches, fresh cut fruit, and potato salad.\nSeems moderately healthy.\n\nI like the open atmosphere and the contemporary yet ergonomic interior deco.\n\nFaster than most places.
Wonderful lunch with my son.  Our server Maggie is fantastic. I had the mojo chicken and Brandon had the special flank steak salad (special today)   amazing spot!
First time trying this place and it was great! I work right near by so will have to make this a regular spot. Good for breakfast or lunch.\n\nNot open for dinner but great food for two of the three is not too bad
We stayed here after we got an awesome deal on Vegas.com. The room was cleans and comfortable. Some amenities were outdated, but given we got a steal, we didn't care. They also only had one mirror in the room (surprising) and we had three women in one room, so getting ready was a bit of a challenge.
Great customer service experience with Chris who works as bagger / cashier. Great attitude, knowledgeable, hard worker.
Had the tabbouleh chicken salad.  It was good. It had nice balance and was dressed well. Either the dressing or the chicken was a bit salty (couldn't get ring off afterwards) but it tasted good.  Are on the patio which was really nice.  Would return.
Great place for loco moco for such a great price.  All you need is the mini portion; trust me on that.  Bang for your bucks!
Tasty Chinese food!..Pretty good service with nice music...
Aria Casino. Dim sum wasn't really good, it was served warm and the other meals that we ordered lack flavor.
It's Zipps. A chain restaurant that has the same feel wherever you go. Not as big as the one in Arcadia. The wings are always great. The pizza is comparable to the take-n-bake that you can pick up at your local grocery store.
Please rethink before you go. Very over priced bland food. The only good thing was the sushi. Service was below average. Drinks were tasty. Never again will I waste money on this place...... Go to Tender steak and seafood instead!!!!
I love this store because it promotes healthy sex and relationships as well. It's a very body/sex positive and pro-woman business (not what I would normally expect from an adult shop).
We had the meatloaf sandwich and I have to admit that it was just as if I'd made it at home with my leftover meatloaf!  It was sooo filling, I had to take a nap after eating half the sandwich!
The service was great! The food was amazing, the food came out to my table really fast. I was really happy with my experience! I would give this diner two thumbs up.
This place is a little better than the average Bar food.   There is a nice variety and some healthier selections.  I love their wedge salad!  The beer  selection is also very nice - they have the usual and more.  \n\nIt's a fun casual place to go.
Rita's Kitchen does have great food. However, their brunch that is offered October through May only is overpriced. $59 a person plus tip. This place is a great place to do happy hour on Friday or Saturday night out on the large patio which is beautifully lit and has that romantic feel to it. It
average pricing, good service, the best tasting home fries that I have ever had, and they put pastrami in an omelet... I'm coming back! :)
Jasmine's Fountains Brunch on Sunday does not include juices; cranberry juice @$6.50 and refill add another $6.50! 03/21/2010
Best Mexican in Las Vegas and they serve strong Margaritas at a great price.  Good simple Mexican food...definitely not a Mundo(Mexican Fusion.)
Aggravating.  Bad service.  Been there twice and the male wait staff are incredibly arrogant and lazy.  Wouldn't even split up the check when asked.  Will not go back.
great and original ambiance with decent soups and good coffee. Although the chai tea lattes are not drinkable and the sandwiches are only good if you like cream cheese.
Cupcakes were good. Nothing special though. They are very dry, and this is at least after trying them several times. A box of Duncan Hines delivers a better cupcake!
Lobster pot stickers, divine Butterfish, seared Ahi , chocolate lava cake all to die for!!
I (like others) am at a loss as to why this place has such a good overall review. tasteless and awful
Really 3 and a half, but the guys here were nice.  Decent sauces, veggies,  lassi, great lemonade.  So so chicken.  I'd prefer a buffet for this money.
This place was insultingly overpriced even at tourist trap and novelty standards.  If you are in the mood for something like this try the Coke store next door.
Best chips anywhere, great decor, prime corner location, and no one else has their specialties. XLNT!
love this place. The outside is so inviting you want to run right in! Great coffee and de-lish treats!! The staff is so friendly and it is a great neighborhood hang out!! yay for small coffee shops
\"Farren's has the best burgers in town.\"
I am an A list preferred member with Southwest Airlines. Over the last 12 months their service has become horrible. They used to be a company worth celebrating. Really kind of sad how far they've fallen. 2 free bags aren't worth being 2 hours late 90% of the time.
My Dad took me here for breakfast today and it was amazing! I had the Huevos Rancheros which was delish! Everyone I was with really enjoyed their food...great portion and prices :)
Well worth the time and $$.\nGreat theater setup, not a bad seat in the house.\nOne of the better cirque shows in LV.
No the food is NOT good.  So why the 4 stars??  WILEY that's why dang it!  He made the visit fun and loud and just so much more digestive.  Love you Kid and never lose that sunshine, cause it felt GOOD.
This place is so clean! Love the smoking area. The food is absolutely amazing!!! It is not JUST BAR food it is really great! The staff has always been very friendly as well.
Did lunch there.  NOT IMPRESSED...  Service was terrible, food was well presented but OK at best.  Skip this place.
Eh.... Place is ok. Staff isn't very friendly. They barely used any cream cheese on my bagel. Bad customer service. Wouldn't go back!
It's decent. Was much better last time I visited about 2-3 years back when I had to go to Jewish General. Service was okay but soup was a bit bland. Don't know what the hype about the spring rolls is. Maybe I'm just getting old.
I've always had good customer service here... but I'm making sure it happens if it is ever lacking. I don't think this branch is much different than any other... or any other bank.
good adobo omelette. i never actually crave the food though with the prices.
Crab legs were terrible. Poor flavor, probably undercooked.\n\nServer did three high pressure sales pitches on buying a BG club card for $25. Worse than buying a used car. Totally inappropriate. Obviously s cash reward for her on selling them.\n\nWill definitely NEVER return.
Service is always friendly and food always good. They have a great happy hour!
We came into the bar for a few pre-dinner drinks. The place smelled like a sewer. We left immediately.
Love the Palms.  The crowd is 21 - 45 and there is always something going on.  They treat their players with dignity and respect.  Great casino hosts, good food, lots to do.  One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas.
I went for the all you can eat sushi that was advertised on the banner. However, I ended up just having a lunch special since I felt the all you can eat deal was over priced.\n\nWhile the food was fine I really felt like everything was overpriced.
Great food, the curry evil jungle noodles and the mango delight were fabulous! However,when you charge for another bowl of rice for two people I have a problem. I would have given it four stars if it wasn't for a mere 1.75 plus tax.  I think it's more out of principle than substance.
It's fine for a quick meal, but not someplace I would seek out.\n\nCollege students will like it.  It is cheap, hot and there is a variety, but it is nothing special.
I had the Lad Nar and the General Tso's chicken. I liked the General Tso's better, but both seemed okay. It's a quick and easy stop for lunch, but maybe not my top choice for Thai or Chinese.
this is my favorite secret hideaway.  the private areas are an amazing escape for the concrete jungle of central phoenix.\n\nwonderfully rejuvenating - it makes me feel like i'm a robot getting plugged in to my power source.
Poor food sucked service sucked everyting sucked
Aria is amazing. I had such a completely good experience. I don't know what I would ask for differently. The comfort and security is amazing. And it's just FUN. The social atmosphere across restaurants, bars, and gaming is amazing. You have to at least stop by to check it out, as it's visually stunning.
I don't get it.  It's a chain sandwich joint.  Just because sprouts and cucumber come on sandwiches without asking doesn't mean it is fresh and natural.  Don't get me wrong...it's fine.  But it's nothing special beyond any other franchise sandwich.
Good food, and great service.
One of my favorite places to get pizza! Wings aren't that great though. Nice staff overall.
Wir kamen hier zuf\u00e4llig vorbei. Es hat sich gelohnt: sehr leckere Cr\u00eapes und riesige Tassen mit gutem Capuccino, wirklich empfehlenswert!!
Except chix wing.  Not that good food.   Service o.k.     Should think about that why not many customers here in such a good location..... Horrible French fri and onion ring.....
Chanpen is closed. It is now a Thai BBQ place. I loved Chanpen, and the pad thai noodles at the BBQ place were not very good. I heard the chicken is great. But I had a craving for noodles.
This place is horrible. I will make this short-they treat customers like garbage because there are so many for them being next to ASU, they dont live off returning business. Go to RURAL AND BROADWAY- DOMENICKS-AWESOME PEOPLE!!
Fresh hot fish all you can eat every day. Some of the best fish I have had in Arizona. \nA clean  well run bar with pool. Very good friendly and efficient waitress. Beats the Dirtwater. My wife had a delicious ruben. An excellent place with a great bar atmosphere and reasonably priced.
Took the family here for the bullriding! It was very fun! It had a very cool cowboy set up! I've lived in this area for awhile and never been here. Food was alright bartender was on the snotty side. I will come back for the entertainment
This place is a blast from the past in every way shape and form -  The Only thing it has going for it is how close it is to the convention center \nBring you Ebola hazard suits here - you will need them - who knows what is hidden behind the walls of this place
We had a nice dinner here tonight.  The atmosphere was nice, the service was great and friendly, and the food was pretty good.  The food was a little 'heavy' (lots of cheese), and we would have preferred some not as gut busting, but that might just be what we ordered.  It's worth a try.
Service and food were great!
Fixed my teeth for a fair price.
I love Yard House! I ordered the Caribbean Chicken and Penne, and it was awesome! I would definitely go back and order this again! The service was good, too!
Good place to catch a game - very loud, lots of TVs blaring over the conversation. Pretty good lunch. Parking stinks unless you valet.
Wow, don't bother eating here -- just breeze on by. The food was so bad I have no words for it.
I'm not a fan of the food there... but I certainly love the black-cherry ice cream they serve! :)
I LOVE my nails and the excellent service.\nThey are very meticulous and quick.  A very unique and appreciated quality.\n\nHighly recommended for all.
So when i go to a breakfast house i base how good it is off their potatoes, and I've got to say The Farm House home fries are my favorite breakfast potatoes.. My new favorite place...
19 beers in tap, specialty bombers and great pizza.  Also, they have live music and sports.
This studio is awesome! They offer great classes for all ages and the instructors are all really good. The owner, Melissa, is a teacher and ex Cardinal's cheerleader. Check this place out!
Honestly...This place has the longest wait for tables and food.....And it was worth it. Our waitress was awesome and eager!! Harley was the main reason we will be back. She kept the coffee flowing and had the best attitude. This review could have gone either way and her service was worth the 5 stars!!
Yummy breakfast , love the outdoor seating when the weather is nice .  Long lines but it moves fairly fast
Was there for dinner 10/18/13.  Ordered two stuffed potatoes.  Both potato skins tasted like they had been in the warmer too long, burnt and crunchy, instead of crispy.  Stuffings were generous and tasty.  Carrot cake for dessert was excellent, as were the tea and lemonade.  Might try again at lunch.
Delicious fresh food ALWAYS. Quick service & the best Patron Margaritas I have ever had!
Pork ribs were ok. Nothing special stand out though. The place is pretty nice though. The restaurant is huge and has a friendly atmosphere. Their  biscuits were pretty good.
I'd go 4 stars but the fact that they have an Ed Hardy store knocks it down to 3. If you like cougars and a lot of fake appendages then this is the place to be.
Fast and friendly service with reasonable pricing. My french knife is now like a razor. Will take more over for them to work on. Plus they do garden tools and scissors. Its better than brand new knifes!
Malted waffle rocked, light and fluffy. Not too sweet, just right.  Croissant w/ egg, cheese, tasty sausage, was delicious!  Breakfast potatoes were super flavorful too, nothing was too rich though. Loved it!
I will occasionally visit for display inspiration but Sky high prices...what is melrose coming to? Not to mention, cold shoulder customer service and snarky comments.
Imagine That Dance & Fitness is an awesome place for the whole family at a great price that works out your entire body with all types of workout/fitness programs and dance! It's defiantly a great place to have fun and feel good while doing it!
Drove all the way here from the other side of town, and wow! YUCK! Old chicken, I don't eat pork, so that was not an option.  My kid liked the pork sandwich, but my chicken sandwich was terrible, don't think I'll be going back, so disappointing!
Great crepes. Many options.
french toast was good and the scramble was good but overall it was good but nothing to tweet about, wait staff was friendly but get here early it gets packed
5 Stars, nothing more to say..
Acceptable (but not great) food, terrible service.
So just came back home from wendys after i ordered a pretzel bun burger with chicken ...open the bag and surprise I got a regular burger with bacon wtf ..really it took just a min to order and get the order and it was not even busy !
Interesting place if you like trendy. Now that I know what a tapas restaurant is, I will never go back. But hey, if you like side dishes delivered in a shoe, this place is for you!
Was rescheduled twice. I work in the dental field so I know the difficulty experienced with the health field schedule. But to be rescheduled the day before both times? Really? Time to hire more associates. They get one star only because the employees manning the phones seem very friendly on the phone.
We had an awesome breakfast this morning at Lulu's  I was with Sandra, Morgan, Loreen and her son Nick  I had an SOB and it was AWESOME!!!  We will be goning back regularly   Great job by the staff, all we friendly and helpfull two thumbs WAY up  keep up the great work!
I love that I can get a hemp milk late here! The only downside is that the last time I was here it was getting to be pretty hot outside yet they insisted on keeping the large windows/doors open so it became a little difficult to drink my late while having to wave away pesky flies.
Not impressed at all ! Food was marginal at best. I had a patty melt that was dry and flavorless, very few onions and barely any cheese. My wife had a similar experience with her hamburger. Service was average. Had an appetizer, Artichoke dip that was not memorable. Not worth a 2nd trip.
I had AYCE dinner post-game..\nFood was quite good, however, they messed up our order a few times.\nService however was bad. Waiters were kind of throwing food onto the tables, constantly rushing themselves. \nStudents come here often to eat so it can be busy at times
This place is bland... Szechuan spicy noodle is dark, spicy but NO flavor. I gave it a try because of the many stars. So disgusting. My friend ate wok noodles and they were bland too. Enter at your own risk.
I have been to quite a few AYCE sushi places in Vegas and Yama is hands down my favorite. They have a large menu and everything I tried was AMAZING. It can feel a little cramped and loud, and if you come at peak time expect to wait a while, but the food is worth it!
This place is amazing! The atmosphere is great, so unique, we thoroughly enjoyed everything! The sake fizz cocktails were delicious and you must try one. The staff was so polite and knowledgeable and very accommodating.\nWe tried a little of everything, and the flavors and presentation scored a 10!
They know how to cook great meat, but not how to serve it. Humble interior, C+ service. Up the ante guys!
Great service, sat at bar(dining solo)... Great food and the only place I've eaten so far that I will def come back to! Yumm yumm
Great lunch selections and prices. Had the roast need, gruyere, and mushrooms on spinach tortilla which was wonderful. Would drink the ice tea by the gallon if I could.
Great beats that cuts thru your soul.   A bit of a pain for bathroom and bar (long lines). Decor and lights were bad ass
Service was pleasant and the food came out relatively quickly. The food itself reminded me of something one would get off of a burrito truck, not necessarily bad, but not restaurant quality. On the upside, the prices reflect that feeling and if you're looking for something quick and cheap, you'll get it here.
Average at best.  Very very nice people, but just average taste at well above average cost.
Very good breakfast and service.  I been eating here since 2000 and definitly enjoy the breakfast menu over the lunch/dinner menu, but that is me.
Service was agonizingly slow... I think it was because they are understaffed. I ordered the pasta of the day- rigatoni, and my husband ordered mini ravioli with meatballs. He seemed to like his ravioli, but my rigatoni was lacking flavor.
Awesome theatre all around. I drive past two theaters to get to this one :)
I only come during their happy hour and it's always great and inexpensive, $3 drafts and half off small plates 5-7, 9-1. I love their changing beer selection and have tried almost all the small plates, which are delicious. They have this cozy back patio that I love to sit at during the summer.
Great service! A little hesitant to the cheese the use, so if you're picky about your cheese, ask! Love the coffee barista, does an amazing job!
This place is not what it seems. The location has limited used items and all the new items are pricey. Would not waste time on a visit, recommend calling before going to get prices and see if they have what you need
Go see Audrey she has done two cover ups on me and I won't trust anyone but here she does a great job !!
I stopped by Pinos today in hopes of trying it but to my dismay they do not take Visa unless the bill is over $25.00 bummer!!  So, one day when I happen to have cash will be the day I get to try it.
Superb show!\nDefinitely worth the ticket price.\n\nTip : Get seats further away from the stage (the view is much better)...
This place isn't bad. We got a 16 pound watermelon for 5 some odd dollars. They have great packages of basil for under $2. Must check this place out for sea food. It is quite the adventure.
Food was ok but it took so long to get our food we canceled half of it & went some where else
ok we ate here because I just got flippen tired of walking\nif you have eaten at any wolfgang named places you will already know what to expect, and I'm still not a fan
I've experienced better, much better. The prices are too high, the food is mediocre. I went here once when I had a coupon and I wouldn't go back. It smells bad inside, the food just wasn't good and I was just thoroughly disappointed with the experience.
Over priced sandwiches!!!\nTasteless Flank Steak Sandwich (nothing else) and a bottled coke $16\nSurrounding area with picnic tables was nice though.
Honestly, the pizza was average. My kids liked it, but it was missing flavor. I wouldn't come out of my way to come here. Many other pizza places that are better. Still trying to find something better than metro pizza. Not worth the drive....
Very busy post office. Handily close to work & open a bit later than most.\n\nHas an eclectic selection of greetings cards, stationery & magazines & tourist fayre.
Loved the falafel plate. Haven't tried anything else yet. Would go back again.
Network has been my go-to place for alignments for several years now.  I am generally pleased with the work that they do, and I feel their prices are fair. Customer service varies, as there has been a different person at the counter everytime I've been there. Good, honest shop; I'll be back in the future.
This was our first visit as part of Restaurant Week. We had the $30 special menu. Service was good, the food was OK but bland. It's worth a second visit to try the regular menu.
burgers are great just like any other IN-N-Out but this location is very crowded
Unique place to see a concert and bowl at the same time.   Food is good party food.  Chicken is really good.  Decent prices.  Metro is on site to deter dumb stuff.  I was here for the Wu Tang show.  Sound carries very well.  Bowling alleys are on 2 floors. Not a bad seat in the place.
Great pizza
It's okay.  The food isn't even remotely Irish.  They can do better.
Go here if you want to redo your toes when you get home :( the people were rude and the pedi I received was not good at all. The lady didn't even apply the top coat to my whole nail and left it chunky.
I heard a lot about this place and their bbq ribs & sauce. I finally ate here and well...I rather go to famous dave's but their mac & cheese is good :)
Took the family for the first time to sugar factory at town square Lauren was our server what an amazing experience good food great service We highly recommend any one to go there. Thank you Lauren!!!
Came in. Waiter was alright. Gave me a stair like I didn't know what I was doing. He gave mediocre service. I'm full
A very nice place to go for lunch especially. The food here is very good and in the warmer month sitting outside on the Vegas Strip is quite an experience. Try the scallops! It's a bit pricy, but the location when you sit outside is very nice!
Good food, fine service, but not a destination restaurant.\n\nThis area has many better choices.  For a quick predictable meal, P F Chang's is a good choice.  There was nothing wrong with my meal (salmon, rice, veggies) but there were no highlights.
Lots of artisans and an improvement to the downtown area!
Avoid at all costs. Lost my husbands $85 pants and could only offer a $40 check as compensation. Terrible customer service- calls never returned. Pants lost sept 29th... Finally got a check November 15th. \nAVOID ! AVOID ! AVOID !
The coffee is fantastic a little bit out of my way but it sure beats Starbucks. The customer service is exceptional as well. Highly recommended. I will be back.
Love love this place. Great gelato. Staff could be a little friendlier. Great location and was a perfect ending to my hubby's and I romantic walk around the park. It was hot out also so that was a perfect treat!
Food was good, decor is a bit old.. is a good place to stop if you are in the area but would not go out of my way for it.
Salad bar was really good including peel and eat shrimp but the fish and chips were AWFUL.  Three tiny pieces that looked like they came out of a fish sticks box from the grocery freezer section.  So disappointing.  Either do it right or take it off the menu.
I work 1 mile from their cut off delivery point and they refused to bring my order AFTER I had already placed the order online and paid for it. I had to cancel the order. The lady on the phone was really rude when she called me.
Yummy breakfast burrito, big enough for two, great red hot sauce, cheep breakfast! Horchata not so good, kinda ucky...
This hotel smells awful.  It's a mixture of cigarette smoke and coconuts.  It's overwhelming.  It gets on your clothes and on your skin.  I had a reservation for 4 nights, but I moved out after spending just 1 night.  I had to wash all my clothes.
Best coffee shop in pittsburgh. Any specialty drink by these guys blows anything from Starbucks out of the water.
Awesome beer but Veggie burger tastes nasty. A hint of curry, thyme, not sure here but kinda strange and Not a good experience. 1 of 5 stars. At most. A few years ago ur veggie burger rocked !! Please change ur recipe back. Ill be back then!
Decent papaya salad. Awesome after they added more herbs and spice. Perfect pad Thai. Not the best service at the bar.
Have dined here twice and was pleased both times with the service and the food was delicious...
OUTSTANDING food and ambiance-- Had the proscuitto pizza and it was to die for. \n\nThe Limoncello was fantastic, too! Definitely a trendy spot to check out in downtown Phx
There is a Leinenkugel beer stand on the east side of the first floor heading toward Fatburger! SO so so excited to discover that! They only take cash though!
This is my favorite buffet in Vegas so far.  Medium price for (I think) higher end food.  They have your standard crabs legs and prime rib...but also many tasty dishes...crepes, lamb, seafoods...  And the desserts...awesome!
Dont go to happy hour if you dont want to get harassed on the patio by \"regulars\". Servers are nice food is ok at best
Hollywood movies in English. Specials on Tuesdays. Big crowds. Decent seats.
Excellent BBQ , Had a large group and Everyone enjoyed their meal, even \"The Vegitarian \" we had to drag here , Raved about the fried pickles
STAY AWAY!! They are dishonest and bought out by Earnhardt.  They will add false charges to your repair bills to compensate for their losses DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE FOR REPAIRS!!!
I honestly believe it is in their policy to make you wait a minimum of 30 minutes when you get there. There are 12 counters and never more than 3 employees working them. If your reservation is incorrect you Must go Online yourself and rebook it, they can't do it for you or do walk in reservations! Extremely disappointing!!
It's a sweet spot with so much potential.  I feel as though it falls into the stereotype of vegetarian food being boring.
Stopped by before the game to pick-up wings and a salad. The wings were like dessert mummies dry with no sauce (we ordered Hot) the antipasto salad was 99% lettuce and no dressing. Try any place else but here.
Sehr leckere Antipasti, gutes Pizzabrot, freundliches Personal, ein wirklich angenehmes Lokal.
decent chicken, unfort everything else was disgusting. \nthe steak was dry, the \"beef???\" tasted foul \noverall bad food for overpriced prices and mediocre portions. \nupside, open 24 hours\nbad side, you have to be drunk to tolerate the food
It's 6:30pm... Doors closed and there's a sign saying \"under new mngmt... Re open soon...\" (??) so i guess amanta is bought out again..? Grrrr!!
I really enjoy this place.  I think the meals are a little high considering but I keep going back as it is pretty dang good.
Service is good, the rooms are okay, the carpets are dirty with stains, the walls are paper thin and you can hear drunk people at all times. There is resort fee but there is no resort to be found. Its okay for a night's stay any more you will go crazy
I Ordered the  Buffalo Wings and they are good, A bit on the Salty side , But Good.\nI have not tried this Fig pizza , but maybe next time .\nThey are a nice family owned place and the prices are very reasonable.\nLooks clean and I would recommend.
Great food and generous portion sizes that is accompanied by friendly service. Had 2 noodle dishes and a curry.  Authentic spice so be careful of the degree of heat you choose. We are leaving with lots of left overs.
Trevi is in a nice location by the fountain in the Forum Shops.  Unfortunately the food is more fitting your neighborhood Italian restaurant. It's good bit it isn't great.
Good spot to grab a cold beer watch some sports or look at  the attractive women that work there in skimpy outfits.  Food is OK not memorable, typical sports bar food, beer selection is average not a lot of variety if you like craft beer.
Another amazing hair color by this amazingly talented hair colorist. Jamie Diamond hit it out of the park once again. I waited too long to retouch my hair color and I walk in with very sad hair. Walk out looking amazing and bright Yayyy
I'm so upset. I usually come just for the sea foam milk tea.. And they took it off the menu. Whyyyyy????
Here on NYE.  Paid $200 plus tax & tip for a $4.99 bottle of disgusting \"not even real\" champagne. For $200 they could have springed for at least a $10 bottle of Korbel.  Disappointed
Terrible service from the airport. They go to  the whole Pittsburgh area and if other customers live 10 or 20 miles from the city the shuttle goes there before bringing you to your destination. Adds 45 minutes to your trip. At least. In brief it sucks.
Extremely rude staff. We walked in at 11, when they open and the woman workings response was incredibly rude since we were there so early. She huffed and puffed as she turned on the lights, music, etc. Perhaps just a miserable person. Learn customer service.
Walked in signed my name in the book, requesting a pedicure. Meanwhile nobody greeted or acknowledged I was there. Another lady walks in soon after me and she was greeted. The place was fairly busy. I waited for about 20 minutes and walked out.
No more fried pickles. :(
The food was good. The service was nice. I had a reuben with sweet potato fries and a iced green tea. The bill was average. I'd go again.
Fair is stretching it.  The ribeye was a low grade supermarket cut.  Not on my list to revisit in the future!
Great show, the actors are very interactive with the guest. Very funny and different. Would recomend to any one had a great time with my wife.
I like the caesar salad and the Outback special. I hate that I like it. Servers are always nice.
Not only did they get my delivery order completely wrong, but the delivery man texted me trying to hit on me hours after he delivered my messed up order. Inappropriate and creepy. Never again.
They monitored my downloads and killed my internet because I was downloading an \"illegal\" file.  \n\nI had to call them to reinstate my service, and they made me promise to stop downloading that game.\n\nI switched to Qwest DSL the following week!  FU Cox you suck!
I didn't like the face that 2 people walk in and said that they needed a table of 10. The host waited for the rest of the party to walk in which took them 5 minutes to walk in. The host could of helped me for a party of 1. Since I had to wait,  I walked out and went to McDonald's.
Ghetto.Sticky floors.Guys were creeps.\n\nNext!
Awesome food with rice that should be warmer,
So why the five star went to one? Simple, prices increased. For 13.99 dollar lunch it was bad. Their stupid club card has no value whatsoever unless you play. I'd rather eat at redrock now. They got rid of Korean BBQ and beef RiBS. RIP I won't be back
Very good breakfast, very friendly staff, nice to sit outside.
I consider myself a fair individual and I have since been contacted by the manager of the hotel and the food and beverage manager and am more than satisfied on how they solved my concerns. I am staying here the next time I come to Phoenix and will post after my stay there to let you know how it goes! Right now, feeling good!
They gave their coffee away for free for a few weeks as a promo. There was this this tall guy that went in like every day and only got the free stuff...and never went back.  I don't think he even tipped. Now they are out of business and i\"m pretty sure it's entirely his fault.
It sucks some d-bag complained to the county, and now you can't take your dog into the water area.
I love tropical smoothie however this specific location has terrible service!  I waited almost 30 min for 1 smoothie. There was 1 employee behind the counter and a manage who was walking around doing counts. Why on earth he wasn't helping the very long line  be served is beyond me... I won't be back
I thought this place was okay, but hey, it's Vegas, it's about what you might expect for sushi in Vegas
I juice often and this is my go to place. Amazing smoothies and juices...I'll be coming here regularly from now on.
Asian Sesame Chicken Salad is my favorite 'healthy' lunch.
Its a great gift shop and plenty of collectibles on hand to fit the coca-cola lover in you.\nI enjoyed trying the cola from around the world for a cheap $7.
They gave me cold tortillas. So much for trying to have better tortillas than Carolines ... I'll give them one more try but come on guys!
Overpriced, bad service and basically not very good food.  Food ranged from average to almost inedible.  I 100% agree with Chad E
Flatbread is incredible; I prefer the wheat type.  Their buffalo chicken wrap was incredible.  Very healthy options with calorie data on display.  You can eat healthy at Sandella's while enjoying a fantastic taste.  Oh, and try their rice bowls.  Drool.
We frequent the Elephant Bar for fish and Ahi and other different delights.  Service varies on the visit.  The bar area itself is the best place normally.  The food is consistently very good with a nice variety.  \n\nLinda was our server tonight and was nice.
DO NOT OPEN up a mailbox at this facility. The staff has fucked up my mail by telling the delivery driver I'm not a client after I have just opened up a box and paid $175 for the year. Not Private at all. Note to Goin Postal: Quit fucking with people's mail!
Really great delicious and yummy breakfast food.  I had their veggie benedict served on a bagel and it was fantastic.
Pear cider on tap and great ground beef quesudilla's!!!!
You can get lost in here for hours. Great selections and perfect for trips down memory lane. Be it thru music or movies. Saw people trading their old stuff for credit towards new CDs or records. I enjoyed my visit. Didn't encounter any customer service other then when I checked out. Overall greAt place and dope to visit.
The restaurant was 80% empty but they still made everyone wait for 30 minutes until sitting us. The meat was overly salty and by \"choice\" they really mean 6 cheapest meats they could find. The waitress was also a total b***. Was not an experience worth $50 for 3 people. Bleh!
I LOVE this place!  The people are nice and attentive. The place is very clean. I have 4 dogs and take them about once a month. I would drive across town to go here. You'll love it.  I won't go anywhere else.
That chick that looks like Christina is real as fuck! Best bartender ...NICO. If you need to, just come here, have a good time, and tip her as she deserves haha
Came with some friends from the Vegas area. Definitely a good break from the overpriced sushi/asian fusion places on the Strip. Had a smattering of different sushi and also their Spider Rolls. Tasted fresh and well put together. Enjoy it for lunch!
Moderate beer choices and decent food. Even though this is a very cookie-cutter Irish pub, not a bad place to kick start your happy hour.
Had a great value, and LARGE brunch here on saturday with 3 friends. Very relaxing, great service, was a bit chilly though. \n\nCoffee needs to be a little better but apart form that I couldn't have asked for a better brunch venue.
Can't beat their selection on children's clothing. I was commenting to an employee about the great finds for children's clothes and toys and she mentioned that's most of their donations. When I'm in town I'll make it a point to go there again.
Love love love their breakfast burritos and the fact that they're open 24 hours.  The lady who always seems to be on shift whenever I stop in is friendly, quick, and efficient.
Food was good, service was not as I expected, and felt very crowded due to the small area.
I haven't tried much, but what I have tried was excellent. The chicken fajitas, refried beans, and guacamole are all awesome. I also love the Horchata drink machine! Yum!!
Wow.  Damn good salmon steak dinner, two sides (I got steamed veggies and tomato basil soup), and dinner roll.  All for $11.  Great stuff!
The jury is out on the service department at the Mesa camping world. They just opened recently so they deserve a break. My first several encounters are not extremely positive but I expect that will turn around I hope
Recent moved to AZ and found this gem. Best barber in town! Service is impeccable, I highly recommend this place.
Always a favorite when I go to the malls! It hits the spot and you can't go wrong! Best corn dog you'll have!
Food is decent. I've tried their pastries and enjoyed them. I had an open baked veggie roll the other day and it was enough to get me by till dinner. It's not a place I would go because I'm craving something on their menu.
Great beer selection (although imported beers are not cheap): they had delirium tremmens and hoegaarden on tap. the service was not very fast but the bar was packed, which might explain the speed. The food was pretty good.
I like this Chili's! It's close to home and they make some really good cheese burgers. Margarita's aren't bad either. The downfall here is the staff can be a slow at times and the location is a little small so it gets packed really fast. They could also use a better beer selection.
This company is extremely organized and thorough.  Their quality is top notch as well.  I have had two houses painted by Crash of Rhinos Painting and I will not use anyone else.
Wonderful graphics and sign compant owned by the nicest young couple.  They go out of their way to provide top-notch service, a quality product at a fair price.\n\nIt is a blessings to have found such a professional and caring company to work with.  : )KC
Surprisingly good food.  Better than most bar atmosphere's because of large glass doors that open out to patio.  Wait staff was fast and friendly.
Service out weighs food. Food is decent, but I'd rather give my business to a place with better service.
Your typical sports bar TV overload.  Just fine.
So quick and she is super friendly. Excellent at waxing!!!
Donna was excellent. Very professional and the color is great. On vacation in Las Vegas and needed a spray tan. She was the only business who answered on Easter Sunday. Very impressed with my tan and Donna.  Thanks a  bunch.
I'm giving Honeymoon Sweets an updated rating because I was contacted by the bakery yesterday and was offered a more than exceptable resolution. I'd rate them 4 stars for customer service, but to average it out, I give them three stars. Thank you for taking the time to follow-up and contact me.
Get coffee terrible taste and barely even warm. Pay for my coffee and my wife's hot chocolate get change back which the guy drops on the counter for me to grab and doesn't say anything next time you'll be picking up your teeth off the counter. Learn better customer service.
Still the best and will always recommend to everyone!  Twice cook chicken and moo shu pork are the two best dishes.
So so Pho and super unfriendly service.  Definitely better places to go in Vegas.
Beautiful hotel!!! We had brunch at the country club for the jazz brunch. It was one of the best meals I've ever had. Top quality food and reasonably priced. One of the highlights of our trip .
This place ended up on 3 on your side!!!  What an absolute joke!!!
Good menu choices, friendly staff, clean restaurant, but the food is just okay at best.
Every Jiffy Lube I've been to has had amazing service, and I recommend them to everyone.
Ibrahim is the best mechanic my husband and I have had. He is willing to work with you on payment plans. He is straight up and doesn't exaggerate any problems. He will also hold your car if you think that it's not safe to drive. My husband and I always rely on this shop for anything to do with or vehicles.
Awesome casino.  We there with some cousins to play roulette and they had gogo dancers there dancing next to us while were were gambling.  Nice ambiance and great place overall.
Went two days in a row. Had the bus and flight special and the next day the buffalo burger. Both were very good
Frites are crazy good and if you like Moule Frites-forgeddaboutit. Good selection of Belgian Ales and now with a bigger space and dualing bars, you have a good spot to pop in and eat. Nice staff as well, daddy like.
I made an appointment for today, arrived 10 minutes prior to my appointment time and was told they were too busy to fit me in. No courtesy call, nothing.\n\nI have filed a formal complaint. Not sure how they keep customers with this sort of disregard for common sense etiquette.
Driving through parking lot can be like playing the old game \"frogger\" , maybe should be redesigned with a few round-abouts to slow folks down, not speed bumps.  A lot of food options, Firehouse Subs  and the Walmart (wish it was a super center) are my go to spots
The Town Square location shows they open at 10am.  I got there just before 10 and the shelves were empty and store locked.  The lady  next door was nice enough to tell me they get here anywhere from 10:30 to 11. This is bad business and the best way to have this location close quickly.
OMG, I am so FULL!  Crab Cake and the ribs are my two favorite apps there! Be sure to try them. \n\nps...don't fill up on the biscuit!
Good pizza, cool music, friendly service in a cozy atmosphere with reasonable prices and with awesome patrons. The menu was full of variety I would recommend for family and friends or that special someone for a fun night out!!!
Great coffee, music and environment. a nice alternative to lux.
Apparently, the tailor in the store is not associated with Stitched; they are - separate company. But either way, still horrible.
Save your $300 initial consultation and go to a Macy's personal shopper--they are free.
We where just visiting  the area and we look at the reviews and that's what made our decision to eat at the Spoon. The bread was excellent mouth watering! My husband and I had the steak and spare ribs and it was an excellent choice very devious and juicy.
Saves money but I read online the purses you get here are not made the same as the ones from the real stores? not sure? My wife prefers the retail stores!
Fun restaurant, great for the cause you are going for, simple setup and service will of course vary depending on the night as many do it out of pure generosity.
Always great food and good service\nWaiters are all very well trained and food is always up to top standards so you know what to expect\nPrices are reasonable and that damn cheesecake at the end is fantastic
Back in the ol' days.. it was great!  I went back last week to check it out..  not so great.  Very dated atmosphere and an older crowd.  They do have a great wine list.  Had one cocktail, looked at the menu, and left.  No thanks!
not a breakfast place I would go to again. I would recommend if you are in the area and want brunch, to go to Vino and Terrace instead.\n\nthe food here is diner fare. if that's what you want then go here, but don't expect exceptional.
Omg I ordered fish and chips or let me say 3 fish sticks with extra batter and a serving of McDonald French fries. Lets say for 13.00 I walked out starving. They need to address this entree. I do not recommend.
Although I don't think this is the best Mexican in town, they are close. I crave the spinach and asparagus enchiladas with the white sauce. That is for sure the best enchilada in town!
downward spiral, so can't wait for native new yorker to open.
Not very good at all, kinda wished we ate taco bell that day. Much better Chinese food close by.
This place is awful! The staff is not friendly, and they are very rough! I went for a pedicure and the lady cut my toe twice and used the razor on my feet after I asked her not to... Do not recommend this place to anyone! Definitely will never go back!
Went in prime time saturday night and no crowd at all.  Really saturday night?  They did make a good drink and prices were good.  Very loud and metal type crowd.
Their guava cupcake is so yummy and perfectly cooked & moist. A must stop on all my trips to sin city.
I've been coming to this place for 3 years and I've had good customer service so far. I've ordered a few minutes before closing and they've accommodated me.
The tricks are obvious--he has plants in the audience, and the \"alien interlude\" took it to the next level of weird. It's clear he's given up, and it shows. I wish we could have gotten our money back.
My girls and I had a lot of fun at Tryst.  Really like the outdoor/indoor set up.  Waterfall is nice.  Great music. Helps when you don't have to pay for any of your drinks:-)  I would go back next time I'm in Vegas.
I don't know what all the hype is for this place but I was not a fan. \n\nI asked for recommendations and was let down. My cupcakes were nothing special and the cheesecake I had was ok. \n\nKinda seems out of the way unless you are in the casino.
This is a great city park for Charlotte. It's very airy with plenty of unobstructed green space, some cool fountains and nice seating areas. It's also superbly located next to the upcoming Charlotte Knights field and is a great spot to hangout before the Panthers games.
This store is a dump with a mediocre selection of overpriced antiques and trinkets - most of which are entirely forgettable. Additionally, the woman who was working there is extremely rude.
I really like the ambience for happy hour. It's mellow with a decent happy hour special. The food is enjoyable and the servers are gracious. Not too pretentious.
I want to delete my review but I  can't. Please delete
Cool vibe for an after hours spot, but that place is filled with open use of drugs.  People were in the stalls doing coke and girls were puking on the floor in line for the ladies room.  We had fun but man was that a weird night.
This location is usually better than this. The Hearty Club Sanwich I purchased was pressed flat and was wet. I have had this sandwich before, this one was a gross failure and went in the trash. 1/8/2015 Order# 226 6:08pm Drive Thru.
I went to the location in Gilbert. Was not impressed at all. Thought I was going to have to visit the dentist after eating there. The bread was so tough. Left with a wtf feeling and realized I should've went next door to Culvers.
The actual threading and price I would give 5 stars. The service and friendliness were definitely lacking. I called from a block away to ask if there was a wait. They said no. Showed up 1.5 minutes later and there were 8 people waiting. No acknowledgement upon arrival.
Deanna is a very good server. Everything turned out perfect and in a timely matter. We love going ti Egg Works. We always get good service. People are very friendly at thi restaurant.
ok food...def not thing worth driving more than 5 minutes to... i paid $6 for a burrito and a soda..not expensive but a 3 bite burrito shouldnt be 5 bucks..
I never really cared for red velvet until I tried it at Sprinkles. So moist!! I also tried the milk chocolate and mocha which was also very good. Customer service is excellent. Just wish they carried most flavors on most days.
Best city water park in the East Valley!
LOVE THIS SHOW!! So very entertaining, colorful, FUN, amazing performance!! This is a show I would pay to see again!!
Store is closing soon... (sign on window)\n\nI have purchased some FCUK shirts here, but this time there were barely any selection left.
This place has amazing burgers and fries. You can tell it's better quality ingredients but is a little over priced.
I absolutely love this place. The food is delicious, great quality fish, and the staff is friendly. The atmosphere is great too. This is my favorite sushi place in town right now.
y u no tell me price of beer on menu?
Not overjoyed with the pharmacy at this place. They always have good deals but the parking was not the greatest. I recommend it still.
What's their circulation?  Where's their postal receipts?    We are in their target market but no one has ever seen this magazine.
The Vue has changed management companies,now a new statement dated the same date as old statement with a new dollar amount and aditional charges,and more excuses. Parents,Parents!!! Please beware of the Vue and there billing practices.
....it's the land of misfit toys.  \n\nThe rooms were clean though, hence 2 stars.
This place is really consistent with their sushi and sashimi.  It's not the best but the cocktails, presentation, and ambiance make up for it.
I just ate the most delicious sandwich here. How good was it?  If a homeless guy ate the sandwich I just ate, then farted directly into my mouth, it would still be at least 63% delicious.\n\nNo joke.
Nice museum, you can tell they have put a lot of effort into the detail.  I was here for an evening reception with a group of museum professionals during a conference, so I wasn't able to commit to reading all the information but what I did see was very informative.  Very nice place to stop in and learn about Wisconsin's military contributions.
Looks very promising, but as someone in the biz, I would never review a restaurant util 90 days old. Good luck guys. Love the huge round ice cube in my Negroni.
The staff here are all friendly and professional my favorite stylist is Chanelle she's amazing and very talented,  I recommend you go in and see her. Salon is very clean.
Del taco, well that says it all with expectations.  Cheap eats, OK meal.  I do wish this place would get a face lift.  I think they try hard keeping it tidy and clean in the dining area, but its OLD!
This is the best Mickey D's I have ever frequented! They have tables with flowers! The food looks perfect, like it's straight out of the commercial. Plus, I got coffee & a waitress actually walked around the place refilling peoples coffee, like a diner. Wholly sugar balls! That's classy.
Great service great price!!! They'll take any competitors coupon even if the deal is an amazing deal. I paid way less than I expected for my very worn out breaks.
The decor was outdated along with the menu and food.\n\nA friend recommended it.  It's an average Italian restaurant with classic Italian food that you would expect at any average Italian restaurant.  They did not break out with new flavors. The quality was also average.  I will not be going back on my own free will.
Really good and tasty, but I prefer Luv It better.  This texture was just slightly less creamy and cold than Luv It.  I had a small oreo and it needed a touch more sugar to balance it out.  Other than that, if you're in the area, you wont go wrong stopping here.
Very yummy chicken chimi, The rice and beans are excellent! Service is very fast and good came out quick! Chips are a little on the heavy side but salsa is perfect! Definitely will be back!
One of my favorite quick-eat spots in Charlotte. Best hotdogs in the QC. Atmosphere is great and the prices are extremely reasonable. Highly recommend it.
The food sucks but I buy it because I go for the Strawberry fruitista which are SOOOO good.  But this month they blew in 3 times.  Machine broken, out of stawberries, machine frozen up. Guess I have to call before I go to make sure I can get a fruitista.
Just delightful and the milkshakes take me back to the 50's \nHamburgers great
Had a terrible experience here when having an early rooftop dinner on a Saturday. The service was neglectful and it took almost an hour to get our food, almost making us late for the show we were on our way to. The food was average at best.
The line was long and the croissants were not fresh at 11 am. If you want a nice croissant try Jean Philippe instead. If you want to wait in line for a so so \"French\" pastry, this is fine.
This place is a hidden gem. The decor is modern and sleek. The food was good and the prices were amazing. Definitely will be going back. The silver noodle soup was just what I needed on a cold night.
Went here on the last day of my most recent Vegas trip. I could spend all day in this place. They have a great variety of food and everything was pretty tasty. I think our group spent a good 2 or 3 hours there just hanging out and eating.
Better than Starbucks!  Staff is so happy even when 108 degrees and order taking outside (to speed up drive-through time).
This place is delicious!! The only regret I have is I should have gotten the hot instead of medium. The service was excellent and a great location! Can't wait to go back.
I only had dessert and a drink here, but it was excellent. Our waitress was friendly and the patio was a real treat.
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food. I was here for lunch and the dining room was darker than most other restaurants are for dinner.
Wrong info Yelp. This place is definitely open before 10am.\nHot drinks are good. So-called \"Yogurt Parfait\" is awful
Typical Panda Express, but add a drive thru. Service is not exceptionally friendly, but lets face it, who cares. You have to deal with the employees for a whole minute and a half. Food is always good, portions are generally good, and close to shopping.
I'm sorry.  We went to Thai Rama in December (before Christmas) and the smell was so foul we couldn't stay (not sure if they were having a plumbing problem or if it always smells that way).  Maybe we'll try again some day...
Ended up here purely by chance around 6 weeks ago and had an amazing dinner! The owner was very friendly and interested, the wine he suggested was fantastic and the food surpassed all expectations! Excellent for some Leith-style fine fish dining and well worth the trip to the seaside.
I've had the chicken and waffles and the cat fish. Both are delicious. Start off with cornbread pancakes! Awesome
Mediocre at best. Felt as though staff rushed us.  Didn't even complete our meal. Rolls were loose and fell apart before we could get them to our mouths. We've had sushi in the best and also most unlikely places and had better. Will not return.
Never had the chance to visit this dealer as we did our entire car buying on line and over the phone.\n\nThe process was simple and quick. from the first call to it being shipped to my house in northern california it only really took about 7 days.\n\nway to go guys thanks so much
Great place to go for happy hour and Sunday breakfast. They have $2 build your own Bloody Marys all day Sundays. Breakfast is super cheap and tasty. Chuys also has one of the best strawberry margaritas I have ever tasted.
Amazing food! Have been here twice. Very intimate setting, good service & great food. \nGarlic & spinach Nan was so yummy! So is the chicken tiki masala.
You want amazing food try this place. The pulled pork fries are delicious. As is the ginger beer and take the recommendation of the staff you won't be disappointed!
For some reason I never get a chance to eat before my flight home.   Thank goodness for Popeye's chicken inside the airport.  The food is always fresh and tasty.   The price is high as I don't know what..however so is everything else at the airport!
This place no longer has cheap prices. They sometimes are higher then 7eleven down the street at silverado ranch.
Can we say nasty?!?!?  Good thing I didn't have to pay for it. Would def not come back even if it comes with free and free beer
That's unfortunate. Even without tasting the food I was turned off after hearing about the \"bad customer\" list.
You pay for what you get. Good bagels and chocolate milk. Nom nom nom
Very good pizza with a great setting at the Wynn. The most affordable place at the Wynn, yet doesn't sacrifice on taste. A must if you want some quality food real quick.\n\nI had the veggie pizza with garlic fries and a coke. It was excellent.
Great place for drinks and happy hour.
OK for a quick breakfast. No one can mess up a nova lox sandwich. Bottomless drinks are a plus.
*PLEASE READ* Do not go here and don't buy their budget coupons either! Spend the 2 extra dollars in gas and go somewhere else. The customer service I received was horrible. \n\nI wasn't the only consumer pissed off in their lobby either.
Large selection but high prices, unhelpful staff and dust on the cigars make this place terrible. Spend your money at leaf and bean or allegheny smokeworks, at least there they appreciate their customers
Not a bad place all things considered, especially the price, they have beer specials often, the kalbi, and garlic bread are good.
Nice view.... Nobody here.... And service is not that great. Have to wait for drinks.  Food service slow as well. VERY average.
Love this place, great Lebanese food, friendly staff too, reasonable prices.  The best falafel I have had in years!!
Coney Island was worst spot in vegas we went to.  Games and place was filthy and half the games don't work.  Had to search out employees to fix machines and get tickets.  Very disappointed with this place.
THE MOST AMAZING COFFE YOU WILL EVER HAVE!!!\nMust try the frost :) \nThey have a huge selection. Nothing compares. Starbucks who?
Very nice staff... I'll be back!
Noisy, crowded, unorganized . Who cares! This is Vegas. Food is good. If you want tasty dimsum, this is the place.
The 1star is for th nicest old man at the info desk....\n\nThe bad shit is Cassandra Started yellin at me 4 asking information at the info desk!!!!! \n\nThanx Cassandra! U made an epileptic cry! Thanks bitch.
They have a GREAT happy hour. I have loved everything I had here. The crab cakes are wonderful.
Je suis un carnivore et le Coo Rouge est ma tani\u00e8re.
I was very displeased with this company's attitude behavior and unsafe practices.\nthey cuss at kids, We used them once at our house for my kids birthday party. The owner Amy is insanely rude. I do not recommend them.
I am a fan of their fried chicken which is covered in gravy and served with cajun green beans. A huge plate and BIG meal. The boneless chicken breast is pounded thin and fried perfectly. ...My waitress/bartender was super nice and the service made me feel special. How often do you say that?
This place is fantastic all the food is served bigger than the table and just because the portions are huge there is no lack of flavor this place is great I felt like I was actually in Texas ... You have to try it if you want to know what a real country fried steak is.
Normally my experience is good here, but tonight I ordered a side of the fries/cheese and almost got sick. The plastic coating on the bottom if the box melted into the food and thankfully we caught it before eating too much.
Love the family atmosphere with the dogs and the ducks picnicking all together...well, sort of
Courteous Staff, Friendly Service, Comfortable ambience, Delicious Food!
The staff was nice and friendly but the weight time for the food was very slow. I ordered something simple, a chicken ceasar salad but the dressing seemed to contain a strong taste of vinegar. I enjoyed the music, played rock n' roll.
I went to this place with a big group today (15+ ppl). The food was great, the atmosphere was great, the waiter needs a bit of practise. Good place. :)
Yummy, Italian beef was so good. Hot peppers were awesome. French fries are super tasty
I had the Famous Onion Rings.  It is like eating a doughnut with a sliver of onion in it.  Not for me, maybe others, but not me.  Nothing really wows here, basically still the Local Tavern.
Wait was far too long. After about 25 minutes they brought out the food, not only was it cold and undercooked but it was the wrong order. Won't be going back.
Friendly faces behind the counter always makes going to this store a good time. Also, from time to time they have good deals on snacks, Gatorade, and other items...plus they have 79-cent Polar Pop fountain drinks...can't beat that, especially when you're thirsty!
Gave the Tony Moreno Salon 4 stars because I am waiting until I get a haircut.  I just did a color and was very happy with the results.   Very friendly staff and right next door to Roberto's Taco Shop.
Busy...Lunch crowd they make killer chicken \"strips\" at least its not mystery meat. Good location next to Twin Peaks at Concord Mills seems to be a busy busy area as of late 4 bars added . a Adam and Eve and hotels just down the road what more can you ask for?
Don't Drink here! It tastes like they use dirty dishwater to water the drinks down:-/ \nThe service was great! The food was subpar, I ordered the veggie enchiladas & the best part was the rice & beans on the side. Chips & salsa was good ;-)
great place to have your battery recharged. they require that you bring your own oil back to the recycle bin... which is gross and impossibly filthy. i really can't leave this place without getting dirty. but hell, i really can't complain. i like getting dirty.
Cool atmosphere,  if only they had staff that could make a drink! Plus a bartender with a flamboyant attitude who's uninterested and could care less. I don't know if I'm more disappointed in the drink or the bartender.
The extra $5 for the spa pedicure really is worth it!
The food and service was the best I have had in a long time, could have done without the creepy guy with the dog inside the place health code violation I am sure.
Made a reservation for Vdara through Get A Room.  Vdara wouldn't honor it and wanted to move me to The Signature.  Rooms at standard rates were still available.  Looks like a \"bait and switch\" game!
I think this is place is SO SO DARK. well the food is ok. Though it is little pricy compare to the quality. I would go back to try different menu. Maybe i will find something i love. =)
they have great service, great burgers and phenomenal wings! we go here all the time, even for take out :)
As the chant goes \"Overrated,Overrated!!\"
Thin walls. Rooms with no tubs - just showers. ...Small TV - with no pay -per-view options. ...My room was clean and staff was efficient.
Great Japanese tapas. We tried almost everything there and there was nothing that was bad. Everything was delicious and very authentic. My favorite was the garlic chicken gizzard. YUMMMY in my tummy!
No 9mm good assortment of other ammo.   Visited 3 stores and called the rest.  You have to know when the truck rolls in and be there.  Otherwise... WalMart is WalMart.
Well this is not for the show itself. My complaint is the air conditioning was not working well on the 2nd floor of this location so, it made it very uncomfortable to watch the show so we got up and walked out.\nI hope we can try it again under better circumstances and really give this show a rating it deserves.
high prices\ntrying too hard on rolls...mushy rice as well.\ntechno music is not a great thing(opinion)
Very cozy and friendly staff. A nice quiet hideaway for lunch from the hustle and bustle of St. Catherine. The food was good, but a tad expensive. I'd still probably go back
Best pizza joint in Phoenix. No one ever leaves this place hungry. Top notch.
This place is great! The service here was great! I got the inclusive package and it was great being able to leave then come back for another round
Went here for lunch the other day. Got the beef bowl. It was good though the meat was a little fatty. I like Yoshinoya because it has atypical fast food (I.e., not the standard burgers or tacos).
We have had only good experiences at this office, and find the staff friendly and knowledgeable.  Dr. McCaffrey is professional and works hard to make each patient feel comfortable at all times.
Don't bother to go to this location. Their notary isn't on premise regularly and it'll be a waste of a trip.  Terrible service model.
The novelty of the awesome costume work fades quickly into a dimly performed piece with mediocre set design and poor writing.\n\nI may have simply sat in on a low-energy performance night--but that's what I got
Went in to fix my iPhone 5c screen. They were fast and efficient and everything seems to be in working order. So far so good guys!
I have bought shoes here for 3 years. Service is excellent and they patiently answer your questions. Go here if you want a professional fitting and the best shoes available.
Tried this place several times at different locations, overall the worst place to get a hair cut, would travel to Scottsdale and pay the same price  for better service and better barbers. 3 strikes.
Finally great Thai food in Arizona! And in Cave Creek to boot!\nBest chicken Pad Thai  I ever had.\nPriced right as well.\nWe will be back very soon.
I love this place. Great people and food!
Incompetent reps  taking phone orders. Couldn't get my order correct after 4 tries. I told them they need to get someone competent on the phone taking taking orders.
my second time here and this time it was not up to par\nfor lunch i had a chicken club sandwich and the chicken was very dry and uneatable \nthe flat bread was good and simply plain and not spectacular\nthis place is a hit or miss\nif you sit outside the view is great
I loooove this Italian BYOB. Theyll make you anything you want so long as they have the ingredients (and they do). I'm particularly fond of the penne primavera with olive oil & garlic sauce. It's not on the menu but it should be: it's incredible!
Simple facities including a water fountain and two watering stations, and benches. There are trees, but only around the perimeter of the park. \n\nDisabled-accessible sidewalks, and a smaller fenced-off area for smaller (under 20 pounds) dogs.
Doc Williams was great and so was his support staff, Joy and Melissa. All three were very friendly and professional while making our Belgian Malinois feel very comfortable in a short amount of time.\n\nI was given great information, no pressure sales tactics and the services were fairly priced. Definitely recommending SW Animal Hospital!
I live nearby and go here a few times a month. The service is good the place is clean. My fav is the steak salad or the shrimp dinner. I give three stars because the steaks are nothing to rave about. If that is what they want to be known for, they are not doing a good job!
Pasta alla vodka,\nand their spicy pannini a must.\n\nLove the decor, can be loud.
No matter what I order here it is always always delicious! They have the best chicken tortilla soup!!! I also love their pineapple cider, so refreshing! It's expensive so I only come here in special occasions!
Perfect compliment food wise to L'Etoile - casual but gourmet.  Everything I've had on the menu is good.
Overcrowded with hipsters, but the coffee is great! My personal fave drink to order is the black and white.
This place is amazing. The staff was really friendly, helpful and they have an amazing selection of art books. A must destination for book lovers!
Tots tots tots what else can you ask for??? Oh yeah best beer selection at this local spot the staff is friendly and the food is delish overall a very satisfied customer!  Somebody beer me!
Delicious food. Has low calorie options which is nice. Deserts were amazing (saved all those calories on dinner). Have had breakfast here twice and dinner once. Great every time!
Great place to tryout new clubs.  Service is friendly and helpful.  Prices are always wonderful, but love the coupons for free golf balls or $10 vouchers in the mail.  Good place to get your clubs tuned and fitted.  Beats going to pay for the range.
We ate here because we were staying at Caesars. The waitress suggested the eggs benedict, which was excellent, coffee was delicious. The rest. Was very busy, service was good. I'd go back.
Good sized portions and the price wasn't too bad for being on the strip. Had the caesar chipotle chicken salad. Pretty good sized. Daughter had ribs and they fell right off the bones. Son had BBQ burger, pretty big size. Wife had margarita pizza, she loved it
Whenever you are in the Phoenix area and craving fish, this is the place to go. Good food and an assortment of quality beverages make this a can't miss spot.
awesome.........worth every penny, the actors personable and inviting, I plan to spend the money again when I take the family up
Good venue, but maybe not hire the stoner kid to run the parking lot. He literally forgot the middle line of traffic existed.
Amazing, authentic, the real Korean deal.  Spoken from someone who lived in Korea for a year, this places bulgoki is epic!
Excellent job!! Showed up very shortly after I called. He did an excellent job my sliding door works better than it ever has and I 've lived here for 11 years.  Very professional and answered any and all questions and concerns I had regarding my door. I highly recommend this company!
Hidden gem - great food!
Thai crunch salad is pretty good and the artichoke dip is pretty good as well. Give them a try if your in the neighborhood.
Service was good, food was poor.
Food is good, drinks are better and the cheese to die for!
This place was awesome. It's about as hole-in-the-wall as it gets. The food is awesome and entirely authentic, I miss it already. If you ever get the chance, go for it.\n\nIf you want the extra burn, grab a ginger beer to complement the curry.
Don't waste your time or your money on this place. They don't care about good customer service or long waits, they only care about their repeat customers. I wanted to make this my Sunday place since I, too, am from Chicago, but the service was horrible and the food was no better than IHOP.
This place is a shithole.. I will never go back... service was rude...the rooms are nothing special and try to find your way back to your room at 6:00am.. impossible !!! The layout of the hotel is very confusing and the staff not helpful at all....
Website pricing is cheaper than what you will get charged at this location. Attendant and cashier both agreed, but just shrugged it off. As for the actual wash, they do good job.
We've been shopping here for two years. We have bought games and had consoles repaired. We have enjoyed coming by even if we have to travel from the SW area. I think they are hiring new employees because we just received the worst customer service! 2 stars for our previous experience but now very disappointed we won't be going back.
Encharito was gross; it was a rolled burrito with ketchup sauce!\n7-layer was very small; I couldn't even see 7 layers, they were so cheap with the ingredients!\n\nBarfalicious!
I haven't been inside in so long. Went to the Jason Mraz concert here. The old Colisseum is still holding up after all these years.
Not
Starbucks who?? I wish these guys would expand into other states!! Q\n\nAwesome friendly service - probably the best I have had anywhere. Coffee is off the chart good.
- Hostile/Rude service. \n- Loop holes on the specials.\n- Dirty bathroom.\n- Bland food. How 'bout spices & salt. \n- Reservation table non-sense.
When I came here, the special was steak so I got all happy!!! The food was delicious, but the service wasn't that good. I won't ever come back to that cafe, but I might come back to the Hotel!!!
I have to give it 5 stars since I came in looking for something specific for Halloween and they had it. Even in the color I wanted. I am stoked. Another great visit!!
Went with the girlfriend one night for drinks. Sticky table. Like \"I can scrape off the gooey crud lining the top of this table with my fingernail\" kind of crud. Did not order food. Seems like I'm not missing much based on past reviews.
I know these guys have a strong, dedicated following.  But I've tried it a few times and I strongly feel that their food is tasteless and makes you feel endlessly bloated.  Service and atmosphere are equally mundane.  The best thing about this place is the salsa bar.  But it is often messy and depleted.
This place needs new machines... I guess you do get what you pay for. Staff doesn't seem to know what they are doing half of the time. Spacious place, its pretty basic in here
The food is right out horrible. The prize is too high. I had eggs over medium and they were super runny.  The hash browns were undercooked. \nThe service is disorganized. We got asked for drinks twice within a couple minutes. \nStay away from this place.
The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is this place is the hole in the wall.  Pretty much the hole was made by a wrecking ball.  The food is awesome and and very tasty and authentic.  Don't expect too much on view.
Are always friendly...\nTypical novelty shop...\n Can book highland tours.
It's ok... As far as airports go!  I quite enjoy sitting back and watching people sprint barefoot through the airport to get to their connection!!!!
Discriminates against Men. $40 for guys, $30 for ladies.
Marlin tacos...wow!  Shrimp diablo was phenomenal.   Great drink specials during the week.
Been waiting in line for 20 minutes now. These guys are always very slow after 9pm but today was the worst!!!
GOOD: SUPER CHEAP BUY-INS, and of course drinks for the players\n\nBAD: Because it's cheap it's hard to find spots sometimes at tables and the place is kind of cheap looking. And they only have single-decked black jack tables.
I have never eaten here, but I have been to many parties here. They have a large back room for entertaining underage college kids. It gets really hot in there and their drink prices are ridiculous. I would not recommend getting drunk there.
Wow, is this place for real. They need real cooks or chefs because the lunch we had was bad. Do not waste your money on this place. The staff is friendly, but a food establishment is in the business of food. I don't understand how this place is in business.
Terrible don't go this place ! We were seated than waited 30 minute while being completely ignored by the wait staff. Let me add that it was not a busy night. Don't wastes your hard earned money at this excuse for an eatery!@
OK!
Rick very professional, friendly and knowledgeable.  He did a great and I would highly recommend Carpet Monkeys.
This place is amazing.  One of my two favorite spots in AZ so far.  \n\nThe lobster quesadilla is awesome.  not your typical quessadilla but way way better.  the flank steak torta was very good too.  i can't wait to go back and try everything else.
Their Pad Thai was one of the worst I've ever had. It was bland, dry, and cost $10! Although their serving size was descent, I hardly ate any of it. Hot sauce wasn't even able to help save this dish. Very disappointing.
This was like dining at your crazy neighbor Mr. Wilson's nuclear bomb shelter - except it's not 20 feet underground and there wasn't any toilet paper (except the piece wedged under the table) or water (bottled or from a pipe) available. If experiencing post-WW3 brunch excites you, bomb away.
It was good! Worth a visit... good food , music and plasma tv's     The nachos covered was yummy!! id go back ..if i was at the Luxor at the time...
Wide menu, fast friendly service, easy to get in and out at lunch. It's not fancy by any stretch, a little run down to be honest, but it gets the job done.
We ate here tonight for the first time. Excellent food and service! We both had the filet mignon on the hibachi and it was superb! So tender! The service was great. Our drinks never got low. We will definitely be back!
Good service and good icecream!
I order Amazon Feast and a mocha freeze, lots of meet on my plate... Totally worth it for u meat eater out there. But kind of noisy for me with that animal screens and thunder every half hour!
This store is expensive, dirty, and basically a place to walk to when you're too drunk to drive to a real grocery store for more beer.
Pretty much always Halloween here. A cool dive bar. Nothing more.
They charge extra for everything, even a carry on. The seats are very small with no leg room at all. Never flying with them again.
Dr. Duggan is always kind, pleasant, professional and thorough. She genuinely cares about her patients. Can't go wrong with placing your eye care in her hands.
Located upstairs near the Starbucks.  The popcorn was great.  The caramel falls off the apples when you slice them.  I went here specifically for a caramel apple craving...the apples were just okay.  I will have to go back to Disneyland for a super caramel apple.
Excellent service and a cute little place in historic Glendale. Beautiful little tree-lined street and a lively patio. I had the tomato mozarella sandwich and tomato noodle soup. Both were very good. I'll be back for lunch.
The food was great, but the service was disappointing.  We came here for a late lunch after spending a few hours at Qua Spa.  The pizza here was amazing, with generous toppings and a crispy crust.  Our server was not very responsive to getting water glasses filled and checking in on our meal.
This is an ok place, but just kind of mediocre. Good to keep in your back pocket if you are looking for somewhere you haven't been too many times. However, it is not cheaper than other places where are demonstrably better.
I am a Vietnamese so I like Vietnamese food. I have visited some Vietnamese restaurants around Glendale, AZ so I can make a comparison among them. IMO this is the best one in term of Pho and Bun Bo Hue (I only ate these two in Pho Avina).
Un peu d\u00e9cue, choix limit\u00e9 de fromage, on pourrait s'attendre \u00e0 plus. \n\nJe vais peut-\u00eatre tenter de leur donner une autre chance
Overrated. The tapas style doesn't work well when the plates are small and heavy. You can't fit more than 4 on a plate. Save the money and go to Planet Hollywood.
Best of the best. Always delicious. Good atmosphere. Easy parking. Try the lobster tacos  to die for.
No pictures allowed.\n\nI will never buy a Ferrari or Maserati from here. \n\nIf I wanted to just look at them, I could just go to any parking lot in my hometown instead of paying $10
I have to revise my take on this store to \"hit or miss\" rather than \"completely useless.\"  Now I know this kind of store is by its nature hit or miss, but this is more miss than most. However, when I had a few hits, they were really big. Thus a 3 star conclusion.
Not a bad deal.. got in not he guest list.. music and view is great! Door guy was a little rude but whatever he let the ladies in then the dudes so we understand.. its Vegas.. lol.. but overall a good place to end the night!
Amazing views and the pork tenderloin was awesome, but I did not love the waiter and it was SO LOUD. My boyfriend and I could hardly hold a conversation.
the good sushi stir fry service the bad the entree on the buffet lukewarm some were flavorless the good does outwiegh the bad good for lunch
Good cheap food when you are running out of money!
My breakfast and my boyfriends was very bland. We got the waffles and the blueberry lemon pancakes. The pancakes didn't even slightly taste like lemon and the waffles were mediocre. Although the presentation was nice, I won't be coming back.
This restaurant was a great find! We love Indian cuisine and Tamba did not disappoint. The food was very good with subtle and distinctive flavor. The service was gracious and accommodating. And the quiet atmosphere was a great break from the hectic Strip. Value is excellent.
NOT a favorite spot, but it's close to home. It always takes FOREVER to get a drink at the bar & their food is all nasty fried food. Nothing tasty. Wouldn't recommend this place unless you have low standards or just want a beer.
Great food and great owners who take care of us EVERY time. We bring our patients in (I work for a cancer hospital) and these guys are AWESOME!!
Sarah did an awesome job on my mirco braids. She was very fast and efficient and does exactly the way you request it. She provides the hair too. Very reasonable, flexible schedule, affordable prices. I will be most definitely returning soon.
Loved the Caprese.....good pizza, I guess it's worth the price once in a while??
This place reeks of sweat and urine the SECOND you walk into the doors.  Inside it's dark, dingy and ghetto. There was no room to dance or to get drinks without being bumped into every couple of seconds.  The clientele are young and annoying.  I would never come here again.
bought new cartridges for my printer thought i would be saving a bunch of money but in reality i saved maybe $5 and two weeks fromt he time i bought it . now i have printer ink issues. and cant print anything. i would just spend the extra $5 and get brand new ones
I got the spicy Ramen. Very tasteful. I love the spicyness. Love the fact that they put lettuce, corn, etc in it. Boyfriend for some thing not sure what its called.
I've been going to Bobby's for Lunch and Dinner for a few years now and NOT even once have I been disappointed. Great Food, Great Service & a Fabulous atmosphere!
Very cool place. My only complaints are no alcohol, and it was very hot in there.other then that the place was awesome
Burgers overpriced, buns stale, fry's cold, nothing special!   Nice atmosphere, but not worth the wait.  4 people, hamburgers, fry's, iced tea, over $80 bucks!   Hmmmmmm!
The ambiance is nice and the pies are average.  The interior and patio are joined via an open concept and they seem to have great happy hour specials every day.  I tried the lunch special (a pie and soup).  Although it was decent, it wasn't anything to write home about.
This was my first visit here and it was beyond great. The new owner gave me a local discount which was very nice of him. My items were done about 4hrs earlier then expected. They smelled good and were all folded and wrapped up very nicely. I will defiantly be coming here again.
It was my first time going to TAO and all I can say it was the worst experience ever. TAO is such a small environment and honestly if there was a fire or earthquake it would be a disaster. The club was over capacity and they kept on allowing people in.
This popcorn place is amazing!  I always enjoy garretts in Chicago.  The popcorn I got from this location wasnt as fresh as the times Ive gotten it from the places in Chicago.
Food was delicious and the service impeccable.  I had the mushroom bisque, scallops and panna cotta for dessert. Need I write three more paragraphs? I think not.
Stop #1 with night train before the clubs.  Nice lounge to sip on some drink specials. Good music. Great staff. Nice atmosphere.
Best hotel I have ever stayed at!!! I took my son here for his birthday last weekend! We enjoyed our stay! Costumer service was fantastic, food was great, the rooms were gorgeous and I loved how nice and clean the place was. I would also like to add  how extremely comfortable the bed was. We will be back!
This restaurant has a nice classic American decor; kind of American farmer, Route 66ish decor..very quaint. The food was very good and the service was really good too. Family owned, you can tell that they really care about their customers.  We will definitely be coming back.
While the food was technically good, there was a mechanical and somewhat stiffness to the experience that left me somewhat bored. For the price (unless you are a retiree) I would recommend looking elsewhere. \nIn my opinion, for the price there should be more of a \"omg\" going on.
One of the best places to eat in Las Vegas.  Get the Kobe Sukiyaki.
Authentic Mexican food! Visiting in area, but definitely would could back! The chili verde was amazing! Taquitos were fresh and not over fried. Great salsa!
Their attitude sucks.  They never say hello or thank you, very miserable people and still behaving like they are in their flicking old country.  NO class.  My experience was with the old man.  I will shop there till I find another place since I am new in Vegas!
Cleanest and friendliness people I've ever met at a car repair shop! They do great work too!
This is something I will definitely pass on next time around.  I do not know whether it was the 109 degree temperature or the throngs of people but it made it is something that not worth wasting your time on.
Graze has trendy local food. Vegan options are slim, but they're usually willing to substitute or cook something differently. No kombucha at the bar, unfortunately, but a nice list of non-alcoholic drinks. Great view. The pickle plate is amazing!!
Rocky's is actually a Mediterranean and Cheesesteak vendor. Check out the Mediterranean menu for healthy veg and non-veg items!
Grilled calamari was excellent. I took 4 choice of meat, with fries. The house sauce was great too! I would definitely go back.
They have a wide variety of sweets. Although they are crazy expensive. The staff was not that friendly. The gelato is delicious.
Horrible General Manager, horrible managers, horrible staff! Can care less about customer service. Never bring my money anywhere near this place ever again.
Caps has been one of my favorite stops on the way home. On a recommendation I brought home a dozen grilled wings. Sauce or no sause, they were excellent! Check them out and let me know if you know of any better.
Great place to find unique gift items! If you're a jewelry lover, be prepared; varied and extensive selection, AND all local.
One of the best burgers I have had in AZ.  I had the burger special that included fries and a drink for $6.99.  Not bad these days.\nGood atmosphere.  Friendly service.
Love it. Inventive, creative takes putting a spin on traditional Mexican. Timely and friendly service made for two great dining experiences.
I liked Burger Bar better at the Mandalay Bay. I had the Kobe burger here to compare and it was OK, but not as well prepared as Burger Bar. We caught the Beatles Love show and this was a quick pre-show dinner, but I'd only go back if pressed. Nothing spectacular about the $20 burger here!
It's a decently good sized store with lots of cheap stuff that is almost fashionable.  There were lots of people in the store and people buying quite a bit of clothes.  Not certain why I ended up dropping dough but somehow I felt like I just needed to have something new to carry around and bring home I guess.
I love sitting at the bar, it's a wonderful experience.  The food was delicious and the execution was right on.  I wasn't crazy about every dish, but I was able to appreciate the skill that was involved with everything.  It's a pricey restaurant, but worth a visit.
In my opinion EPIC FAIL ...... I'm from Charlotte and my first time going there was last week and boy was i not impressed. I guess when soul food come to my mind i think of greatness because I'm from the south, it could be a lot better.
Pretty tasty.  I had lunch here to watch the Saints game and sat the bar.  The service was good and I got the Cajun burger where they put an Andouille sausage on the burger.  Very tasty!
You can finally put the strangeness of the Winsells experience to rest. Yes, it was run down and now they are Completely Out of Business. Looks like it's being turned into something new now.
This place was very good.  They had a table big enough for ten of us and we could all hear each other.  I had the beef ribs and they were great.
Nice park but people really need to pick up their dog poop. I have a dog and I clean up after her. I don't understand how pet owners can be that irresponsible.
Confirmed: The place is permanently closed effective September 1, 2010.
WARNING! This place gives you ONE piece of toast with your breakfast...wtf???
Hungry, lazy, and did not want to cook.  We have a subway in the neighborhood shopping plaza, so what the heck.  Sandwiches it is for dinner.  I have not been to a subways in over 8 months or so.  I got the chicken bacon ranch.  Not too bad.  More chicken would have been nice.
I keep being dragged here. GRRRRRR!!!!As much as I want to dislike it, it's good. The sauce is yummy, the chicken (it's chicken strips what do you want?) it hot and tasty, the bread is nice, the fries are basic.
This mediocre, at best, restaurant has closed.
Mmmmm. Their Egg drop soup is sooo good as is the General Tso's, and they deliver FAST!
Great casual place that serves some classic european meals not easy to find in Montreal.
Great food, friendly staff.
Easily one of my favorite meals EVER! That is a big deal coming from somebody who likes food as much as me. The very best ingredients and a ton of flavor with a pile of creativity. Pricey and worth every penny. Hats off to Binkleys!
We had the Groupon (common theme!), my husband and I came and took their class and had so much fun!  \nWe made the flower and I love how at the first class you are hands on.  The Groupon did get us in but we will take more classes, I want to make the pumpkin.
I've been going here for years. It's a great, low key place to meet up with a large group of friends. There are always lots of seasonal beers from which to choose. The food is okay, with the exception of the waffle fries, which are super yummy.
It's just not the same as it was when I was a kid. If you're going because it used to be great, don't bother seeking it out again.
Food good. Service mediocre at best... 10 workers three customers and no greeting at all... Made me feel like I was bothering him...
Absolutely love village pub. Great bartenders, great food, good crowd. Happy hour specials on appetizers.....best bargain I've come across yet. This is my spot when I'm in town visiting my family.  The staff at this establishment are A+
Great place for sandwiches and salads. It's a little expensive for sandwiches so that's why I only gave it 4 stars. But this place is definitely worth the splurge now and again!
I'm a fan.  Good place to hang out at Lunch time in Market Square.  I like the ability to hide here and get a nice drink.  Almost everything on the menu is solid.  Excellent beer list, I recommend getting a bottle.  Try a pickleback!
Very smoky casino. Not sure why but much worse than any other hotel. Could smell smoke every time coming down from elevators and entering hotel from outside. \nRooms need severe updating. Can tell they haven't been updated since opening.
It's been over a year since I've been but I had a positive experience.
I really liked this restaurant. It is a little pricey for lunch though. Gyro salad is huge and fantastic. Staff are very friendly.
This is some of the best Thai food I have had in Vegas! I really enjoyed the environment and the food was great. The menu is very well done. They have a lot of options and it is reasonably priced. I definitely will go back again!
The band that was playing the night we were there was awful. During the day it's mostly dudes watching sports. The drinks were good. It's comfy, and the service is good.
The Agean Club sandwich was phenomenal. Four thick pieces of gyro  meat, breaded chicken breast, bacon, lettuce, and tomato piled onto pita bread. The fries that accompanied the sandwich were also great. Hot and Krispy with a side of tziki sauce to dip them in. I will be back.
The ice cream was very tasty, but I was surprised to find out it was Thrifty brand ice cream instead of Dreyers. Since the flavor cards say it's Dreyers, it should be Dreyers. The ice cream cartons say Thrifty Ice Cream on them.
Great ambiance\nI had the pulled pork and it was aweful\nThe burgers were good\nOverpriced for what it is
New to the area! Wow my first super target! Very nice inside! Food selection is good!
Better selection than  the other Dunkin Donut I visited in the north end of Outlet mall.   Thanks for being so try friendly even if I didn't order a lot.  Promise to return.
This is where my husband took me so I could learn to play blackjack because the tables are dirt cheap. It's kinda scummy and smokey but it's great if you are a beginner and don't want to lose a bunch of money. You couldn't pay me to sleep at this place though. EWW
The tacos were great but all the sides that go along with them lacked flavor. The d\u00e9cor and feel of the restaurant was great, but only half of a meal with taste is not a good enough reason to go back
We checked in late and got two free passes which we had an hour to use before it closed. It was okay. \n\nSurprisingly good: \nOrange chicken\n\nMediocre:\nDolmas, crab cakes
Worst car buying experience I have ever had.
Good brunch except the main course, very dry croque Madame, they made up for it with a free dessert
If you have a chance, try their Morrocan lamb soup. It is the most delicious thing I've ever tried in a long time.
From out of town, we ordered this one night for delivery.  The pizza was good with a thick-ish chewy crust which I like.  Delivery was reasonably quick and the price was affordable.
From the main course, scorpion fish was def my favorite even better than the langoustine nom nom nom...
They were really good . A little expensive so that's something I'd only get every once in a while . The 502 fries surprisingly has too much bacon , it was over whelming and I wish they had cut the bacon up instead giving a bunch of bacon strips . Overall I have nothing too bad to say .
Roach by the kitchen door... Considering floor was filthy, makes sense roaches a hanging out. Must note,: roach was on the back squirming around like it was dying and after the staff was notified, they came and swept it up.
The shape of the hotel is cool, the workers are nice and it's not expensive. I did not like how it was a far walk from the elevator to the room. The hotel is old so it has a weird smell to it, even the towels had a weird smell.
Non recommand\u00e9... Fish&chip pas cuit, frite trop cuite, service vraiment moyen. Malheureusement, mauvaise exp\u00e9rience. Je n'y retournerai probablement pas.
I love this place. The food is fast, hot, delicious. The people are courteous and I just like the atmosphere. Mr. Cooks isn't a fancy dining place. Everything is served on paper plates and plastic utensils and for 6$ a meal... It's perfect in my opinion. Try it!
Great happy hour, i live ther mascow mule. Awsome service at the bar.,,,, try the ribs, spicy asparagus, our bartender francesca is the best ask for her
I have been going here  since we moved a mile away almost two years ago. The food is excellent!!! Even the take out and delivery are great!!!! From the pizza to the pasta you will not be disappointed. They also have gluten free menu.
Good sushi, large rolls, decent service
Went to this place since it was close to our house, but I wasn't all that impressed. Fine if you want simple Mexican food, but I've had much better for the value.
If you have young kids this is the greatest place ever for haircuts. My kids love it and look forward to getting haircuts here.
Much to sweet for me.  Why do they have to add so much sugar.
Rather than be catty, I'll just keep my mouth shut and let the number of stars speak for themselves.\n\nAnd please: Josh or Christopher or someone that goes here a lot, take a pic of the building and have yelp take down that Char's sign as the business sign.
Terrible! Wings tasted like they were all made at the beginning of the day, then reheated when sold. Pizza was below average. \n\nWasted $22
Ravioli stuffed with squash was very nice. Great atmosphere. Friendly service. And most importantly BYOB!!!
9,81$ pour un trio burrito 10\", des tortillas style chips et boisson fontaine, incluant l'extra guacamole frais qu'on aime tant :)
So far I'm not happy. I dropped off a coat to be cleaned and have a button sewed on. It was supposed to be ready Friday evening. But when I came to pick it up, my coat was the only item not ready. No apologies, not even a courtesy call to let me know? Disappointing.
I am South Indian Hindu Brahmin by background.  I go regularly to this tempe and pay my respects.  \n\nPlease note that you must wear full trousers if you visit here.  They do enforce it.  \n\nThis is a good temple to attend.
been here a number of times and have never really been all that impressed. quite frankly I think you can get the same food at someburros for less and you don't have to tip the waiter.
After reading these reviews, I probably went on an off day. I got the pretzel sticks and lemonade. The pretzel was undercooked and tasted like a warm dinner roll with salt and the lemonade was really watered down. Had a much better pretzel in the bread basket at Mastro's later that night.
Came for oil change and car wash. Staff was so nice and they were quick. Very knowledgeable.  Car wash was standard but they do a hand dry which is nice.
Not for families, unless you want your kids staring at your waitresses' breasts bouncing all over the place....\n\nthe beer and bar was good, a little expensive so they can pay for the overhead, I guess.
A great selection of brews and scotch/whisky paired with finest mediocre pub fare. Leave the fancy cousine and drinks to Hanny's and grab yourself some fish & chips with a dram of Lagavulin 16. Oh, I forgot to mention--they're cigar friendly.
Shrimp tacos were terrible and so were my friends fajitas, I would not recommend. The only good thing was the chips and salsa, that was pretty tasty.
We had the most amazing meal at Estiatorio Milos.  The grilled octopus appetizer is phenomenal and the black bass cooked grilled in salt is great. Even the side of broccoli was good with a rich lemon flavor.
Don't waste your time or your money!! They're prices are double or triple what Vegas homebrew charges. The lady there don't know anything about brewing beer either.
Hey, I was only there twice--it' not my regular clinic, but got perfectly good service. Amazing how people can be so thoughtless as to expect medical personnel to work on a rigid schedule--think about it dude.
It is a gem in Vegas. A must place to visit for nightclub\nThe Encore and Whynn day pool is amazing \ntoo. It is in expensive side but you should not miss these places
The Thai Iced tea wasn't that good. Spring rolls and dumplings were tasty. After a long wait, the crispy chicken with cream sauce arrived, it was a disappointment.
We called them out tonight after I locked myself our of my company vehicle and they were out within an hour. The price was very affordable even for afterhours service. Our locksmith was a very friendly Koby. I don't know if they allow you to request smiths, but Koby is a safe bet if they do.
totally expensive and not exactly what i expected.  When you say champange bar, i think of chandeliers, glitz, pretty... etc.  It's really just a basic bar in the middle of the casino where their highlighted beverage is an array of champange.  it was okay.
The food is as expected but the service is horrible,  not a friendly person working in the place.
I'm a PTS whore. In my opinion, this Sierra Gold rubs me the wrong way. I just don't like the vibe here. There is nothing wrong with the service. The architect was probably smoking weed while designing this place.
Great resort.  Everything is laid out great with the exception of the 2 mile walk to the events center and conference halls.  Room service is great and there is a great selection of amazing restaurants.
They have a LOT of choices on the menu, but if they can't even wash the lettuce right for the lettuce wraps I shudder to think what ends up in their burgers.  All in all, mediocre food and not worth forming a clod of dirt in your intestines.
I was expecting a much bigger that life club. Come on! its Vegas. Come to find out it was a literary a whole in the wall. My backyard is twice as  big than that club. We walk out after 30 min. Is it different during weekends ? I might just give it another try next time that I'm in town.
Delicious crispy beef and Curry chicken. There are so many options. I moved from San Diego where there were lots of veggie options. I haven't found as many here in Vegas but Veggie house is a great find :)
Had a GREAT night at Jack Beagles- there was a band playing Saturday and the place was rockin. This is our new favorite bar.
When we want to get our Mexican Restaurant fix, it's Chapala's that we head for.  It's tasty and reasonably priced Mexican food, and the waiters are really good.  One item you may want to try is their garlic shrimp dish. I'm also partial to their Grandpa Tostada.  Yummy!
All I can say is WOW. Never been so pampered before in my life. Atmosphere is amazing and the staff as friendly as can be. Even if you have your own barber, you must try this out. You will not be disappointed !!!
Great food, great service.\nMade reservation for 14, including a toddler.\nWaitress handled our table with ease. \nWill for sure go back.
Don't arrive 15min before closing, they'll seat you and no one will help you. The service here SUCKS!
This place needs a complete makeover.  It has an old feel to it.  It could be really cool, but just doesn't cut it in 2014.
Action Painters may be good painters, but they are also telemarketers who call people that do not want to be called.  I'm on the Do Not Call list yet these folks call.  \n\nI would not call a telemarketer for painting - ever.
Love love this place.  Best Italian  food in Vegas ! We visit Vegas every 5 to 6 weeks & always make it a point to eat here. Great food, service, & owner very personable makes you feel welcome every time.  Highly recommend it
I ordered a mozzarella and tomato sandwich, a small order of pasta salad, and a drink and it came out to $13. For $13 I could of gone to a restaurant. Paradise Bakery has some of the best cookies around but the food is a rip off.
This place is a lot of fun.  Typical Wisconsin bar with added feature of ample tables for chow.  All food is prepared behind the bar and it's fun to watch the activity.  Give it a try for your next pub food outing.
It's a cool trendy spot in the University area. Drinks are good and the food is decent.. Service is lackluster.. Will visit again, maybe it was just an off day.
Overpriced! My wife got a regular salad with nothing on it for $8.00. We will not be coming back.
Best sushi with the best happy hour price.  I seriously get disappointed at least once during a sushi meal... not tonight,  not here.  Every roll and app not only came out lightening fast,  but tasted THE BEST!!!  And for the price... it was an amazing meal and we will be back.
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nThai Buffets are rare in the Valley here & it's sad to see this one close!  i came here for lunch a number of times and always enjoyed both the food and the restaurant itself!     :-(
Love the princess market! The food is good in the restaurant but I mostly go for the market. Very cheap food! Their prices are amazing and they sell halal meat.
Cute place, very laid back experience, friendly people! Not to mention my girlfriend's hair looks great! :)
Thanks Yelpers for the suggestion, in town for a few days and looking for a place to get my Taco fix, this place really hit the spot, and the sauce bar was stocked well and the selection of hot sauces was great!
This place was really good. The atmosphere I loved and the burgers are very unique. I had the crusted crab burger which was delicious. It was fried and had lettuce, tomato, avacado, mango chutney,  and tartar sauce on it. Delicious.
Great food reasonable prices. Must try the Mac & Cheese!
Unlimited GULAB JAMUN!\n\nI don't find it as bland as some other reviewers do, but maybe I'm just a sucker for buffets.
it was pretty good....just crowded as hell! but the parts when they had girl come in on little cars and carry champagne bottles got the party hype!.. the security was gettin' on my damn nerves though..they need to relax and let ppl enjoy themselves..
If you can deal with the poor service
That's a sweet deal that McD is having Big Mac late-night for $1.00 starting from 8pm-4Am but too bad it's kind of out of my way to come & get it.
Three stars, -1 for cashier problems. -1 for not letting me know my car was done. The over all cleaning was \"ok\" just as expected.  Minor issues with service and cleaning.
Erin Kelly did my hair and she was so personable and was great at consulting with me she is very talented. I enjoyed sipping on some wine from Postinos while Erin was doing my hair it was a great experience I highly recommend Erin kelly!
The people here are wonderful, they give you great prices and exceptional service! I will continue to bring all my wireless needs to them. The thing I appreciate most is their desire to do right by their customers. Fabulous people giving fabulous service!!!
With so many mexican cuisine choices...don't ask me why we chose to eat at Macayos. The food was bland and the service was so so. No reason to rush here for dinner or lunch.
Terrible food quality, and worst customer service...Found BONE in Sashimi, complained to manager on duty last name \"KIM\" and first word she said was \"It's fish, sir.\"  Kidding me...How about an apology first???
I usually don't eat Mex food, but i will eat here. only the tacos tho. sometimes they don't  chop up the carne asada enough and i'm chewing big hunks of meat. but overall they're good. the pork ones are also.
You can find better pho elsewhere. Broth is bland, like it was prepared out of the package. Service was terrible, especially when I was the only one eating there. Not worth going to again. The oil in the broth is a plus, but even that wasn't enough for me to come back for more.
Price was right at $16.00 for a buffet on a Sunday. The service was good and the food was good, especially their deserts. But, not a big variety of food. Otherwise it would have been a 4 star.
By far the best taco shop in Vegas!  Carne Asada four or corn shell tacos are simply the best.  The carne Asada SMALL order is $5 and feeds two ppl easily. I put pic below.  You have to try this place!
One of the rare \"deserves every single 5 start review\" places on Yelp.  Carmel truffles?  Sublime!   Red Velvet Chocolate Bon Bons? Extraordinary!! Think that's incredible - try the Dark Chocolate ones.  Best. Gift. Ever. for under $100 (seriously!) YUM.
This airport has improved tremendously. I used to loathe it. Now it's become a standard airport.  True, it's still hard to get from terminal to terminal. But if you had been here ten years ago, you would know that it has made major improvements.
I have been here a few times and everytime I have come the staff has always been helpful for me. Although their selection can be a little lacking sometimes. \n\nI do wish there was a 24hr autozone close by to my house.
Back and forth on this place and Tropical Smoothie. Definitely a good place for a quick snack or pick me up.
crepes, gelato and coffee is really good here!!!!!!!\n\ni love this place and everytime im at palazzo i stop here!
One of the better breakfast places I've been to. The menu is HUGE and service was on point. I like that it's not a huge chain so there's nore of a \"hometown\" feel. It gets really busy during the weekend mornings especially, but the bar is open seating...
Thelma did my eyebrows right! She calls them guybrows which I found cute! It was a very cute small shop and quick! Anyone who uses wax should stop and come here to get threaded!
Food was average. Assortment is limited. Dessert is jello and small pastry. Could be better. More toward Chinese then American Chinese. Was part of a tour.
Burgers are just so so, I hadn't been here since I've moved to Las Vegas and I was not impressed and probably wont be back.
IHOP is cheap, reliable and tasty.  When I want pancakes, I usually want IHOP pancakes.  We brought a friend visiting from Brazil and he very much enjoyed it.  Red velvet pancakes are not so much an international phenomenon.  ;)
It's a decent, well-kept park with a few amenities. There's not a whole lot to say about it.
If you want to get your hands dirty and like eating without utensils or plates, this might be the place for you. Plan on no green vegetables. And, a pound if anything includes quite a bit of product you cannot eat.
Wow! So I am in the market for a gym with a pool. So glad I checked  Yelp! Needless to say I will NOT be considering LA Fitness.
Coffee is bland. The hipster baristas are rude. No where to chain up your bike. They close way too early.
Terrible food, I ordered a taco salad and they brought it without any meat.5 she brings me a bowl of steaming ground spam. Omg, the only thing that was OK was that she didn't charge me for the salad I DIDN'T eat! Yuck, do not go here!
Love the crab and gumbo
Very friendly, and cozy italian eatery. The pizza and dishes here are good, and it is a very homey and comfortable family restaurant. Never had a bad meal here. Excellent value as well.
best shopping experience ! lots of merchandise and people over there so friendly
They have a good selection for their lunch buffet (have both veggie and meat options). Always love their dessert options and garlic naan. Staff is friendly.
I needed late night pizza Gus's pizza delivered but didn't really deliver...cold cheap ingredient pizza!!!
I had the opportunity to visit this place last night for the Hendricks Gin Cocktail hour.  It was great.  I will definitely be back.  Con:  like most places Uptown, parking.
This place is the business.\nWhen I visit Vegas I always make sure I come here for some good seafood.\nDefinitely recommend to try out!
Soo... goood.
Everything is so good!!\n\nEspecially, Kushi and beef tongues.\n\nI love this place.\n\nYou should come here!!!\n\n^o^
Love this place!!! Didn't look like much walking in, but the food & variety are outstanding. People are extremely friendly & they go out of their way to make sure your experience is fantastic.
I just finally attended a \"Bring your LP\" night.  That was awesome and they had some good beers to choose from.
Pretty weak selection. Nice staff.
I love this Rock Bottom location, especially eating out on the patio during the cooler spring and fall months.  I'm shocked that they've closed.  What a bummer!
Fantastic!  Clean, fairly priced, great service and delicious food - you could not ask for more than that in a restaurant!
Unimpressed with the lack of attention and follow through of the employee in the guitar accessory area. Wasted over an hour of my time only to find out they didn't have the part in stock. I suggest you try Milano's Music in downtown Mesa instead - better selection and MUCH better service.
Did an awesome job on my full set! They are the perfect length since I have a two year old I don't like them long! The only problem is the cut my finger with the drill.... She needs to be a little more careful and then it would be all good!
2 ice teas in a row so far and brought with lemon when I asked for none. Starting today waitresses get no tip if their listening skills are lacking....
Professional, clean, and lots of open equipment. I am not a member but went as a guest with a friend who is an I love that their hours are 24/7
I just love this food! It's always delicious and the service is pretty good! I am the kind of girl that just likes good food and this is the kind of spot that keeps me coming back for more! Yum!
Very friendly staff here ... It's my daily choice for coffee on way to work...
Being in Charlotte on business for two weeks, I gave Mimi's a try three times.  After three times I decided not to go back.  The food is just ok.  Don't go expecting a WOW experience.  Food presentation is not bad, but taste and price could be much better...
I have been to pf chang's many times and the food was quite good. Me and my husband went there recently and i feel that their quality has gone down. We ordered vegetable dumplings and it was very bad. We could hardly find any veggies inside. We also ordered vegetable fried rice and it was just average.
The destination of many a planned \"cheat meal\" from my gym!  Pick your favorite cookies and stuff your favorite ice cream in between.  Who wouldn't be in heaven?  I have nothing more to say.
I went to las vegas for business trip and I want to eat noodle . I ordered a beef noodle,but the taste is awful with the small bowl and plenty of noodle. The store should serve such a noodle with a lager bowl and the service is poor.
Good acrobatics but I saw other Cirque shows before and this one comes up short. It's weird man. I like weird but this show is weird. Not sure if there was a storyline or point. And the music is terrifying. Many awkward pauses in between acts. Needs makeover.
Cute spot. A wide selection of unique flavors and toppings. The yogurt is creamy and thick.... yum!
Horrible, horrible service. the food was good, but it is hard to enjoy your dinner when you have to wait so long for everything. We went in for a quick, late night bite and ended up spending an hour and a half waiting on 2 apps and 2 mains. We didn't even order drinks.
Went in for a pre-theatre dinner and had the haggis, which was excellent. Staff were friendly and I'd certainly recommend CC Blooms for the food.
McFalls employees are genuine and sincere. Gives you the best advice anyone could possibly get. Won't ask you to spend unnecessarily like some others do.
Awful lunch I got a turkey and Swiss wrap that literally was tasteless.  I feel like I wasted 15 bucks on lunch.  I should have listened to the reviewers who said that past the desserts the food isn't good.
Cold beer, great music, fun staff and good food. It's bar food, nothing too gastronomic, but it tastes great. I had the fish tacos. Excellent!
Service by Nick was prompt and friendly. Enjoyed the booth area in the additional restaurant area, for 2 go customers.  However, I would like this restaurant to look into colder beer and possibly frosted glasses. Beer was at a temp more common for wine.\n \nThe sweet potato fries were perfect.. Thanks.
Another great meal at Rudy's   Makes me feel sorry for the BBQ place across the street from it.   They cannot come close to the quality and prices.   Will be back in Oct on my way east.
I really  like NYPD food and service. Don't sit on the patio though, they forget about you out there. I was disgusted and left from the lack of service out there. I did eventually come back because I like their food.
Not nearly as run down nor outdated as I had expected. Great history nice grounds to go walk around. ADULT only pool ROCKS!
The Venue of Scottsdale would be the product  if Sharon Osbourne had sex with The Olive Garden.
In serious need of some additional trees to provide shade. Other than that it's a great area for events.
The people here are extremely friendly and the food is so damn good. My favorite dish is the beef and broccoli
It's inexpensive breakfast food at a little dive. Nothing impressive, really. Very popular with the locals and snowbirds alike, however.\n\nVisit Date: 11/15/09
Very pricey desserts, coffee isn't so memorable. I think I make better coffee at home.
Great service, delicious food! The meat tastes extremely fresh!! I suggest this place in a heartbeat!
I would never stay here again, i would rather not go to vegas if this was my only choice. Everything is old, rooms, AC, elevators, wings.
I love that place! Casual yet romantic yet cozy. The outdoor fireplace and the lighting is great and makes the ambiance.\nOur service was great and the food was awesome\nBonus, they have gluten free dough yay!!\nI have been there twice and will go back!
A little ghetto fab of a mall.  Some nice stores with lots of places I just wouldn't shop at.\n\nIt's in serious need of a renovation as it just feels tired, like it hasn't gotten any TLC since the 90s.
We had a Blt Burger, Slider, shared an order of Fries and two drinks. The total was $47.50 before tip. The burgers were pretty good. The service was rushed and not so friendly. Will not be back.
Went for the first time tonight. Did not like the feel or decor. Tons of tacky Easter decorations everywhere. Even without those decorations the bar had a creepy feeling to it. 3 bartenders all with there cell phones in hand texting. Did not eat but person next to me was eating and it looked good.
There are better dentists around.  Enough said.
The drip coffee and cold brew are more on the acidic side and the general attitude is a little unfriendly, but their chai latte is far and away the best in the valley.
Service is slow, drinks are nothing to write home about.  I wanted this place to be so much more but it fell short.  \n\nI always want to try to try out coffee and drinks from other locations besides Starbucks, but it seems this place is just missing the mark.
They give you overloaded rice to make your full. And if you dare to remove them on your plate, they would be happy to overcharge you.\nFish quality were poor. \nNot a single sushi were fresh. If you want to.full your stomach with rolls with cream cheese and rice this is THE place.
I'm here for happy hour prices can not be beat the shrimp cocktail is out of this world the cocktail sauce will make you sit up and take notice! Service was very lack luster the waitress was more interested in talking with men at the bar then seeing if I needed more ice tea...
Overall very average. The service was slow. We asked about our order and they had skipped right over it. The half and half is always empty and we typically need to ask for it to be filled. There seem to be a lot of people on staff but still very very slow.   Their prices seem high for the product that you receive.
Went to Wild Wings for the first time back in May for a meal of wings. They were offering Tuesday buy wings, get free wings.. My roommates and I had them and we all enjoyed them. The service was slow, but the wings were well seasoned and the bbq wings I had were great.
This place looks like my grandma's kitchen! If you seat down ordering is confusing and the people taking your order make you feel like you have already done something wrong! Food was sad!
Ordered a small pizza to go, ended up waiting over 30 minutes since they somehow forgot to tell me when it was done.  The pizza itself was super greasy and a lower quality than I've come to expect from Barro's.  I'll be avoiding this one from now on.
Good food Good prices and Good crowd. Will be going there again soon.
Awful service sliders were burnt ordered medium, tacos are the size of tic tacs and my main meal of short ribs were dry and not good. Server came back twice throughout entire meal . No bar drink refills , no ordering more from menu. And the bill was extremely high. Have had way better food .
I love the red bean fish cakes here and the other day I tried their shaved ice and I loved it as well! The small size was plenty big enough for the four of us to share and LOTS of fresh cut fruit in the bowl!
I give this place four stars because it's really outstanding  food! The fries are fresh cut and the hamburger meat is quality. However, their prices are way outta line compared to the  competition. Cheese burgers, fries, & a drink $14.00.?!?!
Good pizza. But this place is waayyyy over hyped!  Small crowded and an antsy staff excited for you to vacate the table. Pizza lacked richness and salt.  Good place give them a try but we were left less then satisfied.  Once again the Hipsters have taken over Yelp.
Mike's picture brings in more traffic! One of houses we were selling already got contract and in pending while still got calls to say they wanted to see the house anyway :) Another house got offer from CO buyers haven't seen the house yet! A beautiful picture speaks better than thousands of words, don't you agree?
Photographer was professional and extremely helpful.  She is good at making people feel at ease and knowing how to get the best shot.  My wedding pictures bring me right back to the day, I cant wait to show them off for years to come.
Terrible and so sad. Had really high hopes as I love SLS. Casino is a mess, and filled with smoke (note all new casinos have figured this problem out). Restaurants look like cafe's. Just opened and yet looks dirty. Valet is confusing.
Hands down the best city to shop in Canada.
I love this place!  The food and service are excellent!  I typically get the chicken basil and papaya salad.  The location is convenient to mountains edge.  I highly recommend this place!
Good for airport food. I would return next time in Las Vegas. We just had breakfast but the salsa was good. Chips were warm. \n\nNow I am typing to fill up Now I am typing to fill up space. Now I am typing to fill up space. Now I am typing to fill up space.
went beyond my expectations!!! food,ambiance and service was awesome. I highly recommend the firecracker shrimp and the grilled chicken with cilantro cremation. we will definitely be back.
chicken waffles was good  I mean really good you don't even need syrup service was good that attitude great no problems will go back good prices
I love Paradise Bakery. It is a good place for a good healthy snack or lunch. It is a nice lil cafe. The staff were very respectful and I didn't wait long at all to get my order.
The deal and food were awesome.
Tasty buffet for only $16.20 total! A little outdated decor, but quick staff and really delicious American menu items. I will be returning :)
Perfectly fine way to satisfy that on again off again craving for that bastardized Mexican food that we've grown up with.  Nothing outside of the standards that you'll get at Julio G's, TeePee, Macayo's or anywhere else but nicely executed and at a reasonable price.
I went to a BBQ last night and the highlight of the event was when these cupcakes came out. The German chocolate cupcakes were really moist and had plenty of frosting, which is the best part! I am definitely going to order these next time I have a party.
Love their fresh donuts but they lack in customer service sometimes. It all fades away once you get the donuts in your mouth.
Excellent food & service, I love the Paella Velazquez it's DELICIOUS ! I will definitely recommend this place and will absolutely come back.
sisig is good but the service sucks and they have NO refills...i know it's a Filipino bar but seriously this is NOT the fckn Philippines! quit being CHEAP!
Just finished the buffet lunch at Star of India. Food was decent and servers were pleasant, but nothing special and there weren't very many options in the buffet. For $9.60 it seemed a bit overpriced -  I would recommend Tamarind instead.
Just barely sat in,  at least 10 servers and was not helped out for a long time. Finally got my order in and  staff is not happy at all. Will most likely be the last time I come here.
Had a party of 3 and they wouldn't seat us outside because the tables were for 2 or 6 people. A few minutes later a white group of 3 came with no reservation and got seated. When I asked the hostess she basically shrugged her head and kept walking.
Not good... People must go here for the price/quanity over quality.  Low quality chicken and beef with a good sauce doesnt make it taste good.  Skippable.
Best I've tasted in Charlotte thus far!
For all the reviews that talk about the owner's care for customers I did not see it. The store was supposed to open at 11am. I arrived at 10:50 and waited until 11:30 at which point 5 customers were lined up outside. The number for the shop went to voicemail. This is no way to run a business.
Service is great, but food is blah. I got the tacos and it looked like a blind person took a bunch of ingredients and threw it on my plate. No presentation or care. I guess you go here for the atmosphere more than actual dining experience.
Destination dining. Came through Wickenburg,  spotted cabin. So glad we stopped.  French fries hand cut and perfectly fine.  Green chile bacon grilled cheese sandwich served with a cheerful smile. Drive out here.  It's worth it.
honestly i wanted to like this place the pizzas are amazing ! however triied the philly didn't care for the bread the cool thing is they have drinks like dr browns etc. and decently priced friend had white garlic pizza - I had there pizza  in the past and always good
We went to Satay Brothers for takeout in September and it was fantastic!\n\nThe mee rebus soup is quite possibly the best Asian soup in town!
poor buffet that I've had in US ever.\nbad & slow service, no sea food dish , hard unfresh bread, too salty salad.\nThere is nothing to be happy\n27$ lunch is really bad deal.
Good beer selection but poor overall experience. The place stunk of rotten eggs and closed at 8 pm.  The smell was so bad we left after one drink order and ate somewhere else.
The food was amazing. The host was completely helpful and the view was awesome. Will be back for sure!
Plates were dirty and chipped. The staff was inattentive and the food was as good as all Denny's ,.
The food is good here, prime rib was awesome.  $23 for dinner is an average deal for a buffet.  I say if you're going to eat at a buffet, especially in Vegas, you could do better on price if not on food.
Just so so food . The waiter mistaken our food and the only amazing thing probably is the art by Picasso on the wall. Nothing spectacular. Just so so. Over estimate Michelin two star
I've been here twice now for breakfast.  The recent visit was very good.  The baguette french toast was wonderful.  Nice service in a pretty room with large windows to the pool/patio area.
Ate at the bar, very good service, Mai Tai's were excellent.  Lettuce wraps, salads, lasagna were all very good.
Always really liked their pizza, but too many bad customer service experiences with rude staff have led us to order elsewhere. Also the online ordering system has had serious issues as others have stated. This is Phoenix, there are too many other options.
The most amazing and helpful employees I have ever experienced at any store ever! I even got a little hand massage when trying their awesome lotion! I had a spa experience! They were soooooo nice and helpful at this store! I didn't want to leave! If I could leave more than 5 stars I would!
Wonderful variety of well paired foods at a very reasonable price.  The staff is very friendly and willing to explain the individually created menu items.  Always enjoyable.
My husband and i had our maternity pictures done with them and they turned out AMAZING!! The whole experience was very wonderful and stress free. They are very professional and very easy to communicate with. Also they prices are very reasonable! Overall it was just a perfect experience and i would get pictures done with them in a heartbeat!
I would definitely come back to this place.  I didnt come here for dinner but i think it has the best lunch so far. I love their desserts especially the one with the silver egg. I can't wait to try the dinner buffet.
All-you-can-eat Fish Fry is the way to go.  Friday nights.  Hot, fresh and quick.  Late-night is the best.
5 guys has the best burgers that taste so fresh!  Always friendly service and peanuts to munch on as well. If u haven't tried 5 guys ur missing out.
No flavor... Don't waste your time here, just head to pita jungle.
We have eaten here a couple of times.  Staff is friendly and you are seated promptly.  Food is a little bland.  I think that's why my parents always want to go here.  Good portions for value.
This place is right around the corner from Nike. I stopped by here and enjoyed the combination of pomegranate and oatmeal cookie. The pricing seems to be reasonable as well. They have a decent amount of seats in the store but I chose to walk over to the outside seating by the food court.
The food is a little below fair.  Service is a little slow.  I won't dine here again because its better to pay a few extra bucks and get better food & service elsewhere.
Food was ok, I had better.  I had their lunch special which is overly priced and not updated on their menu.  Their large chicken satay appetizer was overly cooked.  $13 lunch special was not worth it.  Definitely would not go back.
This place is awesome they listen to what you want and sometimes get something extra!!!
Good beer, but I'll have to agree with a previous reviewer - extremely slow service!  And the burger I had was pretty blah.  This was the first place we ate at when we pulled into Montreal.  Big disappointment!
Amazing little place. Great hours, great products and great staff! Everyone is very knowledgeable and helpful.
Don't eat here!! the decor is bad the tables have holes the food does not seem to be fresh not alot of buisness to move the product
This is a good place to sit back and relax. Overlooking mill avenue, you can sit on the 2nd floor patio and enjoy a cold beer and some tasty garlic fries either on a visit to Tempe or after work and class.
I ordered the rolled tacos combination with beef, they were just ok.  The beans were really runny and did not have much flavor and the rice was pretty standard.  I will try again to see if this was just an off day.  The service was great though!
I have used them numerous times - each time they were quick, professional, friendly, efficient, affordable, and far exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend them!
Waiting 20 minutes to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a Friday afternoon.  Priceless!
Very friendly and good selection
I have two words: Hand Sanitizer! You will need to bathe in it after spending any length of time here.\n\nI will begrudgingly admit that this location did improve since it was \"remodeled\".
Food took almost 2 hours to come out and when we got our food it was cold!\nwaitress was rude the one by chandler mall is so much better will drive the extra miles to get better service and hot food!
Love my experiences at this salon.  Dena and Chloe are just great!  I always leave feeling beautiful!  Very consistent service!
Incredible service, great food, and unassuming prices. This place was a gem. Well worth the drive into the Northern Phoenix area, and the restaurnat environment was fun and relaxed. Extra points for a deep soundtrack being played.
Its Sam's if you need a four year supply of mayo they got it. Cheap lunch in cafe. Nice for bulk buys, clean store.
We got a Sky Suite, and it was worth every penny. Top notch service, top notch rooms with control 4!!! Concierge was cool enough to call local clubs and get us in for free. Saved us some $50 cover charges!!
Ok So I was in Vegas - I like the Buffet -
The staff here was really accommodating to is being members of the Austin lifetime. We do however have to pay the difference in memberships from our platinum gym to their onyx.
Glass nickle on west side is better and the sunprairie location is more like bar pizza. Worst service
Terrible service from bartender. Order a perfect margarita came out tasting like water sent it back he says it will taste the same have her order something else. Fool I can hear you sorry ass. Will be taking my business up the street. Damn I loved this place crystal or server was outstanding. Manager is an asshole too.
Im not impressed with their lack of a dedicated customer service rep. The lady that tried to answer the phone several times sounded like she was on a treadmill, and guessing at pricing.
I had the worst service salad was red on 2 of the three manager didn't care so called the 1-800# and they didn't do any thing either never going back
After reading a few reviews from this place my husband and me decided to try this place and we really enjoyed it.  The food was great and cheap. We had a Shrimp Molcajete and it was delicious. We are making planes to go next week.
Mediocre at best.  Fitness center is A+++. Otherwise rooms are a C- and service is a clear fail.
fantastic place! food is INCRRRRRREDIBLE!!! and the prices are just right!! and our waitress was so sweet and so attentive, just a great place to go and eat and maybe gamble a little in the casino :-)
4 stars just for how this places looks.  4 stars for the prime rib.  4 stars for the proximity to my hotel room.  uhh.. their bad on the cheesy minipotatoes.  tasted like fart.  expensive, like all other places in bellagio.  pretty good though.  very nice servers.
It's a nice little spot for locals, but the Orleans nearby is better for the vibe, including a nicer alley imo, and a theater.  Gold Coast caters to the Chinese with PingPangPong and the Noodle exchange along with the bacarrat
Its expensive for sure, but it is  THE BEST buffet in Vegas. HANDSDOWN!!! They have everything you could ever want and its all good. Nothing tastes processed or like it was made to cut corners since there is such a high turn around. The line is constantly long because its THAT good!!
Im going to put it short and simple ! This place will not make it ! Breakfast pizza cool but tasted simple..I would rather go to I hop
Very good. I highly recommend the Kielbasa dog with jalapenos and sauerkraut! The service is excellent, too. Kind of different that it's inside the antique store.
Friendly, warm & inviting. Has many programs that help those in need. Whenever we are at our vacation home in Vegas, this is our church of choice!
Yummo!  Excellent choice of items with a ton of sauces to drizzle right on top.\n\nBring your hollow leg... it's a TON of food in that bowl.  If you can't finish it, you can buy boxes for your food for I think $.50 or a dollar.
went for cardinal tetras, none at all, strange... maybe next time.\n\ncheerful staff. \n\n20% discount on first purchase if you sign up for their rewards, so two leashes and two collars and a couple of fish and a healthy discount.
Facking best bahn mi ever...
Food was great and Gina was awesome! She was such a great help! :)
The people who made the penguin what it is were pushed out by the late property owners greedy ass daughter. WILL NEVER SPEND A DIME HERE
I like the place and kind owner, but the quality of food is medium. In general doner meat/chicken doesn't have a good quality. \nThe best food here is the stuffed eggplant and the most popular one is Iskandar.
Wonderful experience for lunch. Classy and friendly wait staff. The open face ribeye sandwich was perfection on a plate. Buttery garlic toast topped with arugula and tomato, well seasoned ribeye and melted cheese.  The Parmesan herb fries were the perfect compliment to the dish.
Loved the Meatloaf !  Very good, can't wait to return.
Good taste very flavorful,  but the tamales are small for the fee at any cost I buy mine by the dozens.
This place is okay.  If I am going to consume a days worth of calories in one meal, however, this is not my first choice of venues.  Go to Carolina's instead.  Trust me.
The hotel needs major renovation, amenities are minimal. Its only redeeming quality is the easy walk to the convention center.
Located off the 215, you can't miss it. I do like the staff which was friendly when I walked in the door. \n\nBathroom needed to be cleaned but the good was good
Above average airport food with a nice place to sit
I absolutly love this place. Servers take a bit long to get to you but the food is worth it.
This place was alright, my nephew wasn't too fond of of him barbecue chicken wings. I asked the owner for something different, he made a big deal about it. so we got stuck with unwanted bbq wings.
Good food. We have had a lot of Indian food in Montreal and in the UK. This one is above average by international standard s. The service though is a bit disorganized and I would the belly dancer and the loud music for something more quaint. But overall worth repeat visits
Ewww, just ewww. I may need a tetanus shot from being in the store.
Fresh sliced meat, and sandwiches made to order.\nThis place may not have all the bells and whistles of some of the big chain sandwich places, but for the money, the quality can't be beat.
For some reason I continue to pick up sandwiches here, although they're overpriced and bland.  Stand in line and get a crepe, go to the buffet, try the burger place, or just go somewhere else!!!
Re-opened! Can't wait to check out the new expanded restaurant! So good they had to buy out the adjacent lots!
Came here with 3 friends and we all loved it.  I'm not actually much of a pizza guy but you have to try the Garlic Knots!!!  So good I'll go back the next time I'm in Vegas.\n\nFive stars for service!
Excellent service excellent coffee!  I visit this location everyday monday thru friday and it is always fast and correct.  The store is clean and well kept.
The service was good but the course not so good.  Wouldnt play here again.
I enjoyed coming to Elephant House. Being a massive Harry Potter fan this was on staple on my tourist agenda. The food is decent, nothing special but perfectly edible. \n\nOrder the cheesecake and make sure you head into the bathrooms. Afterwards go to the cemetery and try to find Tom Riddle's grave.
Flightlinez zipline was Awesome! !!Rick, John,  Austin and Monica was great!! Very personable and patient with us and made our adventure fun!
Perfect greasy food for the night after a bender, or a family breakfast. I'm cool bringing my 10-month old here because it's noisy and with so many other kids around she pretty much goes unnoticed, except by the nice waitresses.
No wifi!!! Are you kidding me, ur a cafe for god sakes!!! Won't be going back until wifi is added.
I loved this place.  It was a little pricey but all the stuff in it had some kind of paperwork.  The paperwork explained about the materials used. I thought the lady who worked there was nice.  Don't skip go in---even if you don't buy you can soak up a little astmosphere,
Decent food, small portions. Slow service. \"can't split a bill. \" save your money.  Eat somewhere else.
Super yummy food.  I'm not an adventurous eater here but I love the omelets and the skillets!  So yum!  The service is usually great, though there is always a bad seed.
Lots of Halloween stuff at the store excited Christmas is also sneaking in what happened to Thanksgiving.\nChristmas decorations are here along with some Thanksgiving stuff some good deals on the Halloween stuff right now,
Never have I ever had pad thai that was so sour. I shared the dish with my girlfriend and we could not finish it. It was the most unbareable meal I've had in Vegas. Our thai iced tea lacked tea taste and was mostly sweet. Highly don't recommend!
We stay at sunset station hotel, the hotel is very clean, the room is clean, but their is no safe box in the room, and when we went to the pool they didn't have enough chairs. All the chairs were taken. Unfortunately I will not stay here again.(first time and last).
To the owners: Time to close up shop, sit in the corner of a cold, dark room and curse the day you ever thought it was a really super awesome idea to open a shortbus version of Chipotle.
Solid place, good quality food with a typical Italian menu.  Gotta say the Garlic Knots are addicting. The pizza is good. The sauce is not spicy or lumpy just good solid pizza sauce.  I've had a couple different things here and they all have been good.\n\nA solid local restaurant.
Not sure what all the hype is about. Okay drinks, but it took forever to get them. And this was at 5 PM--not late night.
The Staff were Great, Music was even better, Club had a great look. The only problem I had was the lack of dance floor space. I know that the club makes its money from the tables but 4 of the 5 hour I was there I was dancing not on my ass.
Ask for Jimbo's grilled wings, not on the menu. They are just the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sooooo gooooood!\n\nPut the lemon pepper sauce on everything! I had the lemon pepper shrimp and crab legs and they were both the BOMB. \n\nAnd if you get the chance, make sure Britney is your waitress. She's better than the lemon pepper sauce!!!
i ordered the chicken Caesar salad sandwich when i went and it was stellar. i will be back again and again !!! they have such a huge selection of stuff i don't know how anyone wouldn't be able to find something delicious on the menu!
My Boyfriend and I stayed Vdara for 5 days in our Christmas. We had gorgeous room, phenomenal view from our room, clean and neat everything by 3days but last day of night, when we come back to our room was not clean well. It was too bad because almost perfect amazing night we could spent.
Molly B. The only way to make my experience more enjoyable is to refund me about 200.00 that your business over charged me.
Get the potato skins, or the giant baked potatoes cause they are bomb. Also they really good pizza, and this thing called pazookie for desert. Staff is always friendly. \nI got the jambalaya and it was very tasty and spicy too.
Pretty cool place for both locals & visitors.  I recommend this place for a quick meeting place for a short time fun, perhaps a quick stop for some cocktails!!
I've ate at The Stand many times but will never go back after my last experience. Ordered 2 chicken tacos and halfway through my second taco I bite into it and a long black hair is hanging out. Disgusting, spit out that bite and threw the rest away. I can never go back there now.
The Ahi Tuna burger was unique and outstanding.  My wife enjoyed the Italian burger.    We all loved the sweet potato fries.  My friend tried the Bad A$$ burger and it was too big for her to handle.
Four Peaks is one of my favorite places to go in AZ. The food is unbeatable as far as bar food is concerned if you ask me. Try the French Dip with a side salad. The best ever!
Great show for the family and kids. His magic was a-ok and so was his lines, it sounded so rehearsed. Wish he couldve done more cooler stuff, since ive seen him on the americas got talent show like all the time.
Limited menu, food not very tasty or unique.
Exellent service and food. We had the combo plate for 2, I highly recommend it!
Super friendly staff, food was amazing, and really reasonable prices. It's my first time here and certainly won't be my last. Loves it
Bacon cheddar burger was dry, overcooked and flavorless.  Fries were cold.  Onion rings were cold and had the texture of a cardboard box.
Great space. Really clean in a good area. Great food. Very friendly staff. It's a gem. Definitely recommend it. Fresh tasty sandwiches. Great for kids and adults.
we drove from cornelius to charlotte to try Flying biscuit as there are so few breakfast options in Lake Norman area. Wow worth the drive. most amazing biscuits and gravy EVER (chicken gravy)- delish. Everything was good. Worth driving for a memorable meal-
We often enjoy great sushi at kaya but today their lady manager is as cold as their raw fish.
My daughter described her food as \"the taste of happiness.\"  I would mostly agree.  We haven't had the chance to try everything on the menu yet.
This was an ok Fry's store but much sketchier than others I have been too - granted we were there at night. I would recommend going to another one if possible. There was a guy standing out front without a shirt just hanging out, lots of people standing around in the parking lot, and a security guard in the store.
All you can eat for $26.00 is a great deal. Beats the Strip and tourist. It was good, fresh and creative. Definitely do it again and again! A no brainer!
That crispy bitch in the front is a freak!\n\n\nThis place was horrible. Rooms smelled of old cigarettes and burnt crispy hair. The bathroom floors were sticky. Roaches everywhere. It was a horrible stay I basically had to sleep with one eye open.
I am from New York was looking for a good ny style deli found Chompie's figured I'll give it a try they have great matzah ball soup seen man vs food slider challange had to try it they have awesome Jewish sliders with lots of gravy yummmy will be back again
Fish & chips were fantastic. Plenty of fish - cod, in case you were wondering. Certainly recommended!!!
We took our grandson (Sebastian) to the park for a thoroughly enjoyable visit.  Sebastian wasn't too sure about the carousel, but the train ride put a smile all over his face.  The visit to the Presidential railroad car was fun and educational for the adults.  Sebastian liked it too.
My reviews are pretty much the same as everyone else. Prices are sometimes good and bad. I use to be an \"A-List\" traveller from them but due to an incident I had with them, I took my business else where. Customer service is everything and that is something they lack!
Nice \"secret\" location for a pizza joint. I like the fact that it's opened really late so it's great for a late night eat. \nWe walked around several times looking for the entrance but kept walking by. I finally got tired of searching and asked an employee at the Cos which ended our search.
Had dinner here out on the patio. Location was excellent had a very good view of the performers while eating. Server was polite and kind even though we were obviously tourists. The food was excellent and priced similar to other restaurants nearby.
Still the fastest cheapest lunch in Summerlin \nThey just still need to work on service \nHospitality. And hot food coming out hot \nToday I was graciously asked if I would like my lunch heated up in a microwave!
Hey Toby, I like this bar. I just don't love it. I do enjoy the live band who play a lot of rock in addition to country in their set. I like that. I also like the mason jar drinks here. Now if only they could work on their service a little...
Beware.
Went for dinner with mother and uncle. All three meals where all right but not amazing. The quality to price ratio was off (too expensive). My meal was ordinary with meatballs that where dry and over cooked. Wine was good.
Food is mediocre at best.  The place was filthy, covered in a layer of dust.  They don't take credit cards and force you to use the $5 ATM.\n\nI'd give it one star, but that just feels mean.
Went to lunch with a co-worker. I must say it was very good.
We were cold because the air conditioners were running. The server did not bring us plates for our pretzels. The music was so loud, it was difficult to carry on a conversation.
The 90 years and 90 objects exhibit was very interesting.  They had General Wolf's lock of hair and journal.  The photo exhibit of the history of Montreal on the third floor was also quite fascinating.  Especially the ice cutting.  The history of photographic printing was also worthwhile.\n\nOverall, 2-3 hr well spent.
The best shrimp ceviche I have had so far. The tortas are great. Loving the tacos, the best one in my opinion is the beef. Tried lengua and cabeza tacos, they're good, I ended up adding more salt. Aquas frescas are very refreshing.
Was pretty fun, 50 bucks for two riders I thought was a tad pricey but overall the facility was in nice shape
i like fresh and easy.  I guess its kinda a more generic version of trader joes, which is better, but F&E is better than most places and since its right across the street from me ill give it 3 stars.\n\nNever eat the sushi though!  BLECH!!
Is it possible to give negative stars because if so I would! Do not come here ! I have had to come 3 times because eachtine they were not t
Been here for dinner and brunch I have to say skip dinner and come here for Sunday brunch\nbuffet offers excellent food great place to hang out with the girlfriends after massage or just to walk around and look at their art collection and many waterfalls\n\n\nDress code:\ncasual
Excellent ribs and mac 'n cheese.  Alot of food for the price.
Best Pho and Viet sandwiches in Vegas! Reminds me of all the delicious places in the Bay Area. The soup has a solid flavorful broth, and they don't skimp on the meat or noodles. The sandwiches are large and filling.
Service was great and the food was delicious! Food was very fresh! Definately will be back!
I received a non-apology apology by someone claiming to be the COO. It was rather threatening and made it out that something was wrong with me because every other juice bar that I ever been to didn't water down their juices with ice.
Stumbled in here after breakfast at the Cracked Egg.  I had no intentions of buying popcorn at 10am but it smelled so good outside the shop that I just couldn't pass it up!  So much variety, great prices, very delicious!
I wouldn't go back if it were the only Mexican food restaurant within 20 miles.
Ordered delivery to the house. It was good pizza nice crust not too much sauce. Very tasty and had it to the house in about 30 minutes.
Food is good.  Service is terrible.  \n\nThey say it is because it is busy.  But I think they are just disorganized and unhappy.\n\nI sure hope they get some competition in the area.  Until then, I will probably have to put up with this place if I want Japanese food.
I find it hard to take the time to write an adequate review about places that bore me so this is all I have: It's not a bad Mexican place; there's simply nothing special about it. I had a variety of tacos and my date had a burrito. Our entrees were very average at above average prices.
I used to go here all the time until I got a greedy waitress. Apparently the 25% tip I left wasn't enough so she decided to leave herself an extra $40 on my $22 bill! Make sure you check your card statements after you go here!!
I went to Serendipity 3 but used the to-go cafe instead ,to order the frozen hot chocolate. It didn't look anything like the picture. The guy behind the counter said there're more chocolate in them vs the restaurant. But still disappointed , I wouldn't spend 11 dollars for that again.
Awesome wings! Try the raspberry chipotle...   Service is hit or miss, but ate on the patio today and had an exceptional server! Seriously, try the bone-in wings!
Depends on what you're looking for here.  I wouldn't say this place has the best tasting breakfast food ever, but ti's solid.  Of course, the portions are BIG.  The service was friendly and efficient, at least when we were there.  Fun place to try once.
Food was semi ok and they didn't refresh the trays of food as often as they should've but I guess for the cheap price that's the quality you get
Having just moved here, I had a lot of home improvement needs, and Home Depot has been a reliable source. Although the prices at Lowe's are sometimes better (sometimes not), I've found the employees at Home Depot to be much more helpful and knowledgeable.
We always eat here everytime we.visit Las Vegas. Great dim sum, reasonable price. Service is great. No wonder it is packed. wil definitely come again.
Food is decent but service sucks! Also a bit pricey!
I always get their soup here! For a large bowl its $3.60 and for a smalll its only $1.90. If its ur first time here I wud suggest getting a soup with like a sandwhich or something :)
Awesome place to get a haircut. Staff very friendly. Great customer service. All the staff are personable and engaging.\n\nMerry Christmas!!
I came here at 2am on a Saturday and they told me they close at 2!! On yelp and on the door it says 3am. So disappointing..
I've only been here a couple times. The food is good and it's a nice quiet place to relax and enjoy. Staff is friendly and pretty quick with whatever you need.
Unrivalled
Terrible service. If you plan on getting timely service this is not the bar for you. \n\nHowever, the environment and food are excellent for groups.  Came here to get on my March Madness and just left with Madness
The food is fantastic, but the DO NOT deliver.
Read great reviews so I was really excited to try, but wasn't very impressed. A friend and I got the flat white and red velvet mocha, both very very flavorless. The snickerdoodles tasted like fig newtons. The gluten free chocolate chip cookies were okay.
Love this place.  On the cheaper end, very good food.  Sometimes it takes a while, but it is worth it.
Near Chef Rubber they have the large-scale equipment and smaller wares you would need in order to open a food business. They have a lot of dishes, tools, pans for a cheaper price if its what you need.
Fairly clean, bit slow service, but free refills and free WiFi - the latter a $12 value!
Everything was great! I went for a happy hour on Tuesday. The service was good and the food was even better. Lots of things on the menu were 50% off. Totally going back there!
Pretty lights, free shows, alcohol flowing like water and people ready to party. That's what I'm talking about.
what these people are doing to \"Mexican\" food is criminal. the food here is shameful at best. unacceptable. pure shit.
one of the #1 best places to eat traditional indian food!!!! food is fresh and ready! naan is made fresh right in front of you... i love this place
Well put together half day excursion. Great food at the end, awesomely picnic spread. Champagne toast and beautiful sights. Owned and operated by a young couple, both very spunky and charismatic. \n\nYou won't be disappointed.
It was alright for the price we paid during a major holiday weekend...all except for the vomit stains on the hall carpets...and hooray for not getting any scabies...that I know of. Plus when you walk into the lobby, it smells like chlorine.
Mediocre pizza, bad Caesar salad, and high prices. On the positive side, service was good and we got our order very quickly.
i was celebrating my BD dinner there with my hubby last weekend and ofcourse we had a great time we were happy with food ,service and drink(wine).Oh dont forget the music(DJ) i cant say enough about good things of STK,everyone should try!!!!!!!
Food was good.  Not special.  Was very loud but then it is a sports bar too.
The staff here at Fresh & Easy are so helpful and amazing!  Every time I have a question or need assistance, someone is there readily!  The quality of food is amazing and the store is super clean!
Great lunch specials. Nice location. Red curry is tasty good, Thai-Tea is classic.
mehh........sandwich wasnt horrible but they could be using better quality lunch meat it tasted like prepackaged lunch meat from the supermarket
Typical Indian casino. Piece of crap with horrible service and extra smoke!!!! Great people watching though.
Interesting selection. Donuts had a nice crispy layer from the fryer but I was left with a greasy aftertaste. Blueberry one was good but the almond joy was my favorite. The cream filling had a weird texture.
Their view is amazing. Go there for LUNCH TIME because it's cheaper. The food is OKAY, and the set up of the restaurant is awkward, but you get a GREAT VIEW of the Bellagio and SERVICE IS GREAT!
Always good , the katsu chicken is great, they ran out of manapuas, bummer, eating some fried saimin noodles this time, best Hawaiian with out going to the islands.
If you are driving through Florence you must stop in and grab a bite to eat. Large outside patio with smoking and a great view.
These guys are awesome! We're referred to them through my home warranty company and am so pleased. They were on time and went above and beyond repairing my dryer! Customer service is excellent! Highly recommend!
Awesome hike.  Great cardio. incredible view.
I rather go here than starbucks. I think?
This place doesn't skimp.  You order juice and you get juice.  Not watered down.  Not iced down.  Pure, straight up, juice.  The prices are a value for what you get.  Great place for an after workout drink.
The food very good. Service and attitude really nice. Warm and friendly and fun to bbque at your own table. Good choice. Not the greatest interior but good food and happy people overcome that.
This place was ok, but nothing to write home about, and certainly not worthy of a 5 star rating.  The quality of food, and price paid just aren't a match for me.  The service was good, but it just isn't a place I will return to.  There is much better out there.
Do yourself a favor and drive 10 more minutes to Panda. The orange chicken taste old, the lo mein has no flavor and the veggies in it are raw, first time we ate here it was decent. We won't be back.
Decent, but definitely not as good as the one in Portland.  Happy hour is good, and the bar is nice, but I probably wouldn't go there for much else and only if I were in the neighborhood.
Oh wow... I stopped in after having gone down too many wrong roads whilst hungry. I had the chile relleno combo plate, and I am so glad I stopped at Don Pancho! Hands down, best Mexican food I have had in Arizona! Great horchata too! I need to get lost more often...
Friendly service, great falafel. I hear they have started up local delivery which is great when you need a healthy late night fix.
I didn't have an option but to choose at least one star. This is the most horrible food I have ever tasted.
There are several Jimmy Johns downtown.  This is a new location.  It is fairly crowded at lunch.  Good variety of sandwiches to choose from on french bread.  Sides consist of Chips or Giant cookies.  I'm a fan of the JJ Gargantuan.  It consists of a little of everything.  It is huge!
I love this place so much!!! Excellent service every time and the sandwiches are amazing!!! Love the tuna... Which is amazing because I normally cannot stand Tuna. They have so many yummy choices can't wait to try them all!!!
Fast, knowledgable and professional. All around the right way to do business. They will continue to get mine.
Food is reasonable, happy hour is great 4-7 everyday! Other than that, there are a lot of ppl looking to get a piece of a$$ and they even have stripper poles.
The ambiance at the restaurant was great.  \n\nI was a little disappointed with the mushroom purse, but that was probably because I was expecting something totally different.\n\nMy favorite was the kung pao shrimp.  Perfectly battered and well seasoned!
Came for lunch lunch special, \"ready when you are\". Not true. They wanted me to wait for 15 mins. Left with no pizza.
Great customer service at this location! The supreme pizza looked like it was made to be on a commercial it was perfect, Bread sticks were great as well. I wish i could have remembered the guys name who took our order but he was really nice! Everyone pizza hut location should provide customer service such as this location! Great job guys!
Bon restaurant vietnamien, sans plus. Ce situe dans la moyenne. On y retrouve les m\u00eame plats et combinaison.
Sushi-great ; service- great music- wtf?? Electronic dance music during dinner?? Ugh this is not Sushi Samba! Totally out of place. Annoying atmosphere to say the least. Unfortunately my wonderful dinner was accompanied by aweful club style trap music.. Very disappointing.
Not bad for the price.  We were in town for a quick overnight trip to a few spring training games. Looks like it was a renovated Best Western or something along those lines.  Definitely have stayed in nicer La Quinta's but this one worked for the price and location.
Friendly service and honest work. If you're looking for quality work go to these guys.  I had my brakes done here and Sus took really good care of me.
Great for breakfast and very inexpensive for a high end hotel/casino.  Expect great options for $10-$11.  \n\nService is not so great though and the coffee, well, pub like.  Love the interior aesthetic.  Lots of light and great decor.  Not a dreary pub.
It's SanTans version of Oktoberfest. Sorry not a warehouse full of German beers. I guess why they called it Santan Oktoberfest.  They have great beer it's sad you can't find their beer in every store locally. Overall the festival was great.
Great place to cure a hangover. They skimped on my mudslide though, maybe it was the hangover.
Delicious food, friendly staff and is a nice clean environment. Oh and the waiters cute. Will definitely be coming back.
I really like this studio, the focus on breath was very important. There is also a great atmosphere and the by donation policy is truly in the spirit of yoga. I really love this place and will visit next time I'm in town to visit family =)
THIS is my NEW favorite restaurant in Goodyear!  GREAT service, love the bartenders they are very attentive!  THE food is another plus. YOU won't be disappointed.
I absolutely love this place! I've been getting my lashes done here for a few months now and couldn't be happier. My lash stylist is Darinka and she makes my eyes look awesome! The setting itself is very comfortable! Go in & take a nap and wake up with beautiful full lashes :)
Yummy!  Very good but Expensive sweets!  Come here for a late night sugar high or yummy sweet drinks
I just got married on Saturday at the Lakeside Garden venue through Always and Forever. Everything went so PERFECT!!!! The staff was fantastic and I couldn't imagine a more perfect ceremony. Thank you for everything Always & Forever for making my every wish come true.
Meh, No prime rib, no olive selection, and no fruit selection except for fruits in a cup.  I've had better food selection elsewhere.
We had an INCREDIBLE steak dinner here! The service was spot on, the food nothing short of delicious. \nSteak frite was prepared to order with incredible meat, perfect frite.\nThe drinks were great and the staff was kind. \nNext time in Vegas, I'm here.
Really cool Chipotle style concept but with Pizza!  First time there and I loaded up the toppings to create my own style for cheap!  I will be headed back!  This place also participates in Upromise rewards so there is a little bonus!
Great food, great server, great restaurant. One of the best experiences while travelling in the US (I am European).
I stayed at Mandalay Memorial day wkend 09' and it was great! \n\npros- Courteous staff, clean rooms, and a great pool area!\n\ncons- It's at the very end of the strip!
Great pho! I had the beef. It was nothing but perfect! The Resturant was clean and service was awesome! I would definitely go back.
The peppermill in Las Vegas is a great place for any meal.  Its portions are a little huge.
Legit  lattes to my utter delight & I am a stickler in this regard. Great panini pressed breakfast sandwich which they serve w. Salsa. Salmon bruschetta highly recommended- very fresh w. Great goat cheese. Give this new place a try - good service and non-profit to boot for good cause! Going back!
I have been numerous times and everytime I am never completely satisfied when I leave, they can't shape my eyebrows correctly, my shellac manicure is always uneven. \nAlso something that drives me crazy is that u can't tip on the credit card.
Experience was horrilble. Server was rude and gave bad service. We stood at the enterance for over 5 minutes before being seated and then had to listen to the hostess curse half the meal. No management in sight. Went online to answer the survey and heard NOTHING back. Obviously corporate didn't care.
Great food, generous portions, fast friendly service. Cozy environment lots of variety in plates.
Great pizza. Get a regular pie well done, as close to NYC style as you can get. They have great daily specials as well.
I order the combo plate 3 pieces of fish and 2 shrimp! The fish is not fresh but frozen fish and the shrimp were over cook! The fries, slaw and hush puppies was pretty good! The customer service was great ! It's definitely a family run business! Oh yeah the lemonade is Dammm good
The pho hit me at the right spot after an insane hangover. Also they definitely challenged me with the size of that bubble tea. One problem though, what is up with that tapioca? Either they are not boiling it right or just getting the wrong brand. But with everything else, I am quite satisfied.
Try the double double definitely must have simply amazing food. A little taste of Chicago in Phoenix delicioso-
Good service. Calamari unremarkable. Good house wines. \n\nMy group enjoyed citrus chicken salad. I liked eggplant chicken dish.
Yum - love this quick, casual, reasonably priced Asian concept restaurant.  We enjoyed rice, steak, veggies and a little sauce...super fresh and pretty healthy too.  Love the fast, make your own concept!
Delicious!! Had chicken, waffles, mac n cheese, greens, and cornbread. I'm stuffed. Excellent friendly service!!
Great service. Great food. The triple hummus was great. The chicken in our dishes was fresh and tasty. Definitely recommend this restaurant.
Worst experience ever. And I love wings. I can't believe that after spending $70 on wings only to get some wings with feathers on it. Yes correct was so disappointed. There goes my experience.
Honey dew slush is my favorite boba drink so far, hate their milk tea, many great desserts and teas . Their crunchy pork w/rice is decent . Customer service is a little slow and not as helpful but it doesn't bother me anymore . Cute little hang out place for little kids .
Good Job on the free sangria, place is going downhill fast....not even free stuff will get the public to come back.\n\nFix the health department issues first'\n\nFarewell firefly
Every time I've gone, the place wasn't busy. We are seated right away, the service is excellent. The food is delicious.
Excellent Mexican food! Chips and salsa were great. The ceviche and the tacos with the chipotle mayo were excellent.
I happen to work in the building next to Caffe Siena and go fairly frequently for breakfast with colleagues to catch up and sometimes for lunch.\n\nGood food, great service, reasonable prices.
Good atmosphere and decent sandwiches but once again HORRIBLE iced coffee. Can anyone do it right besides Dunkin Donuts? Im trying to so hard to find another good iced coffee store but no one can compare to D&D yet.
The omelet is ok 'pancakes  is saggy  waffles is not good .
I enjoy going there especially in summer on terrasse mind you I got disappointed with my food for I believe that the cook does not know what bleu saignant means for a steak especially when I returned my steak and still got it medium to well done!
Absolutely great. Not a traditional setting, but the food is fantastic. Good for lunch or dinner. Skewers of meat, veggies, Turkish coffee, yogurt soda...
My 2 girlfriends and I went here for a Vegas getaway and it was great.  For being off-strip, it was a great hotel with all the imenities i needed.  The suite was very spacious with the two beds, a sofa and a nice sized bathroom.
Great Pizza. Worth the wait. Would come back again.
I decided to give this place another shot.  I ordered the Chef's Special and asked if they could substitute the meat with hash browns.  They said no substitutions.  So I got up and left.
Good food, good service, kinda quiet for a Friday night.
Simply amazing! Menu is small but sooo good! I find myself going there on a more regular basis just to keep trying different things on the menu.
Trennnnndy. But not intimidatingly so. A great location for a first date, or for drinks with a group of people. Drinks are good, martinis are strong. Tapas are on the whole, delicious. Ask the staff for recommendations.
Greasy eggs, Who can screw up toast? it  tasted funny and had to be sent back! \nReally bad service - no tip here!\nWalk around this one! It is probably a better bar!
All-you-can-eat is reasonably priced and you get a free bottle of Saki. Food tasted fresh and very friendly service but they don't take Amex.
Babe's is the best! \n\nBabes is a great place for dining, drinking and dancing. It's a great local restaurant and the service is awesome. There is nothing like a BLT on the patio along with a cold beer listening to some live music.
Nice restaurant and vibe. Had better burger with fried egg else where.
Great place! Interesting food combinations delicious flavors fast friendly service and a great price! All you need to know!
These tacos will not get you \"faded.\"\n+ Baja style fish tacos are outstanding\n- It has a very \"bro\" atmosphere\n+ The service is friendly
The locations in phoenix have chicken we can add to our meal. This location does not. We drove an extra 10 minutes to get here  to find out they don't have chicken was not a pleasant surprise.
The chicken Gyro is dry and hard, the rest of the food is fantastic.
Few unique, independent stores line the corridors of The Shoppes at The Palazzo, making this shopping center, well, just a shopping center, rather than a destination.  While it is well kept, it is perennial ghost town, which allows for more personal service in many of the shops.
The Thai curry wings were good and very large but everything else was standard bar style food. Pullanos wings are better and worth the extra few miles to drive for.
For a quick Togo Mexican place this place is great. The food is authentic the staff is friendly the salsas are homemade and are great !!
The customer service is out standing. Always willing to help you. I will keep shopping there. Better deals than the Nike store and friendly
Horrible service. 1 attendant checking in cars, at least 20 cars waiting at any point in time. We had to wait over 15 mins to get checked out. Customer service representative was rude when I asked nicely if they could get more attendants out.
By far the best experience in a juice bar. Great customer service and amazing products. They make everything there so it's always fresh. Their flu shot is wondrous! I feel better already! I recommend this store to everyone, even if you don't want to cleanse they have tasty drinks to choose from.
Just came in for the first time. It was good. Wasn't the best we've ever had, but it was good. The food was good, the service was good, and the prices are very reasonable. We'll be back.
We were here for a conference and expected a much better hotel experience from a Hilton. They did not staff the restaurant knowing hundreds of people were staying here for a conference. We did not get the room we reserved. Room service was slow and the order was missing items like cutlery and salad dressing for a salad. Rooms were clean and beds comfortable.
My car was broken into and my window was broken. Thankfully this company made it very easy to fix the problem!! Thank you!
Everything The Cottage at Queen Creek does is amazing!  They did the flowers for my cousin's grandmother's funeral and they were beautiful.  They worked within our budget and their staff is very helpful and sure know their flowers!
Eh.  Online is just as easy.
They play in a ballpark that looks like a hangar. They have the worst color scheme and logo. Outside of the local area, who is a D'backs fan? Even when they won a pretty exciting World Series, they never sustained that energy.
My friends surprised me yesterday with a wonderful chocolate bundt cake for my birthday. It was delicious, moist with chunks of chocolate.  The frosting was marvelous. I will be going to this bakery for special occasions. I was impressed with this wonderful cake. You won't be disappointed.
If you can deal with the bald guy with the glasses (I believe he's the owner) attitude it's a decent dog. I thought maybe the first time he was having a bad day but after the third time I realized no he's just an (hate to say it) asshole.
Went to MOJO's but they were closed. Son wanted yogurt so we went. Yogurt was ok but turned off by teenage workers walking outside in front of us and lighting up cigarettes outside of front door. Seriously???
Amazing food. My hubby loves the chicken kabob here. Must visit place. But the serving dish quantity changes everytime we visit there. Its not consistency.
We've been back twice now since our first visit.  The second time, was still pretty good.  Went last Sunday, (10/16/11), and it could have been way better.  We think that they have started to try to cut costs, and it's showing.  Will maybe give it one more try.  Maybe.
LOVE THESE LADIES!!!! \nTried a few others in town but once I found Divine, I haven't gone anywhere else! They are so friendly, quick and awesome at what they do! :)
Best patio in town.  Only visited once so far.  Food above average and the menu has a good variety that goes beyond basic bar food. Service and the patio were A+.  The place just has a cool vibe to it.  Can't wait to go back.
love the environment in this place and the waiters and owner are amazingly nice and friendly. \nI love the food too it has the best tartares in Montreal. The only thing about it is if you are not into tartare not sure they have a lot of varieties.
Really interesting menu.  Inexpensive for the quality. Friendly and yummy.  Great sides menu.  Need GPS to find.
Horrible customer service EVERY SINGLE TIME. Specially the young lady that works week mornings, wow, pretty amazing how rude and condescending she is. It's a shame.
Overpriced tapas place! $22 a tapa!!! Not even that tasty! Go to buvette instead for sure!
Who wouldn't be happy with a yardlong in their hands? For a decent price, I got fairly buzzed off the margaritas. The pina coladas were also delicious.\n\nBest part is the discounted re-fills if you didn't get enough the first time around!
Horrible Customer Service!  1st time I ever ordered a pizza they messed it up.  They said they would have a free one for me the next time I ordered.  They lied.  No free pizza for me they said.  I will never waste my money with them again.
The night lady has been rude everytime we have been there and we don't always receive all of our food.
the duck dishes were great, and unique. Other than that I thought everything else was oooook.
Interesting crowd, good decor and Law and Order on the overhead TV on a Friday night?
Yup! It's a typical Sonic's Drive-In.... but wait! Why do the staff here seem so much friendlier? I'm not sure, but go ahead and keep serving me that cherry limeade with a smile and a pep in your step! Love this location!
Been with this UPS store for over two years. \n\nMELISSA is ALWAYS rude on the phone.
I have been here one time before, when they first opened. It was pretty decent tho  rather expensive for breakfast. This particular time my food was very very salty and my biscuits and gravy were lukewarm at best. A bit of a bummer.
I love Elmer's.  Try the strips and sauce they are different but so good. They have great green chili burritos, shredded beef tacos are also a  favorite of mine. Avoid going here at lunch time mon thru fri it is very popular with chandler high kids.
Awesome pizza and delivers to the concourse.  Nice clean place to go to as well
I was asked if I needed help by four different employees in the one minute I was there. This did nothing but make me rush out as quickly as possible. They also had a horrible selection of shoes.
Yogi's is great for teriyaki bowls. I always love the beef and chicken bowl with the addition of siracha. Great pick up place for dinner or lunch. The Arizona bowl is great for change if a teriyaki bowl.
Good and cheap. The place to be for overnight Mexican taco fix. Walking distance from the Wynn.
I am not really a fan of this place. The beans are really runny and it kind of taste like canned food or boxed food. The price are good though just depends how you like your Mexican food really.
This place is overpriced, has a limited selection, the service is slow even when empty and they seat everyone on top of each other. Really really terrible. Highly re come d skipping this one.
Little art studio outside the Strip.  the good is that it's free.  but most of the art was just average.
Yay! The real thing! For real mexican food, come to three amigos. Authentic tacos and enchiladas. Loved the refried beans. See if you can find cow brain on the menu ;0
Great location and store is always clean. Rubio's has new items frequently, and promotions to go along with them! The salsa bar is my favorite in town, and the menu has something for everyone! Try the $1.50 Fish Taco Tuesday!
place looks really nice but its overpriced with mediocre service. Totally not fun when it gets too crowded to move. Also, they were pretty rude to me and my fiance when we were trying to go back and look for his lost debit card the next day.
I went theyre with my boyfriend and family and i must say the food was delicious!!!! We ordered pizza salad and sandwiches and everything was great!! I must say we didnt have any leftovers to take home lol looking forward to a return visit.
Closed for remodeling until Nov 2014. And I was so excited to try this place tonight :(
Awesome barbq. Service was excellent and got my order fast.  I am so glad I found this place, I will be back again for sure.
Quality of food has gone down.  We went for dinner and were disappointed.  We have been here before so we looked forward to returning.  We will be going to Wynn instead.
lie after lie...this church breeds Atheists!
This restaurant exceeded my expectations.  The food was great.  The staff was knowledgeable and on task. I expected olive garden type food and received so much more.
The best fish and chips outside of Harry Ramsden's in the UK.
Compared to the rest of the other Chinese restaurants around the area this is by far the best one I found. The prices are reasonable and a decent amount of food portion served.
We come here whenever were in Vegas. Which is about once a month. This is our church home away from home. Nothing but the best way to praise and worship the Lord. Heart, soul, and Spirit mixed into one and you will crave for more. Messages are short and simple but retentive and digs your heart to the core.
Brats, steaks, and everything you need for a BBQ.  Try the jalapeno brats for a little heat.  They have some combo specials that make a great gift idea.
For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
Good food. Service is.....not good enough. \nEat already few times in this chain - this is my first time in Madison, so I can compare
I would definitely stay here again. We stayed here in July 2014, had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and Eiiffel Tower, nice sized rooms and beds. We also won on craps here too, I love the fact they have 2 Starbucks plus the Miracle Mile shops here.
Good post bar food.
I had great ribs here, and the service was great. The price is also good, so great overall experience.
Have been going here for years, both the old location and now the new. The new is much more open and airy. Sometimes busy, but food is consistent and always good. Love their fried potatoes and omelettes.
Still delicious, and now they have pumpkin foyo that is out of this world!  Yummmmy!  I'm so disappointed I didn't get more than I did, but I figured I'd wait to indulge in treats after SOMA Half Ironman tomorrow......yup!
Food isn't too bad. Service is miserably slow for a slow Sunday even with the ironman event in town. Not really worth the $$$. No beer selection either.
I have only gotten delivery.... pizza isn't bad, isn't great either....its hard to get good pizza in Las Vegas.\nThe hot chicken fingers are my fav, and the wings are pretty good too.
Thank you, I almost ordered thru paypal. I'm glad when I called they did not answer, which led me to check yelp. The guy who gave 5 stars must work there. Thanks to all reviewers
My wife goes to the one on Charleston and sloan and every week she goes at least twice a week they tell her to go to another location cause they can't get there tanning machine to work and she pays $150 a month wow what a solution so she called corporate and told them and was hung up on now that's class
Closed. Now Oscar's!
I love this place The staff is always friendly and do a amazing job for a good price, not like some place like polished that charge way to Much. My nails always look great, I even live in north las Vegas and drive all the way over. :)
The Thai steak salad is overdressed, overpriced,  overhyped and underwhelming.  The french dip looked delicious.  I know better for next time.
These guys have really been taking care of me. I've bounced around for years feeling like every mechanic was ripping me off, until I finally found Johnny D's. They not only make you feel like family, but they truly want to help you. I will never go anywhere else ever again. I friggin' love these guys!
Do not go here at all. The people that run this place are not nice to customers at all.
A coworker introduced me to this place and now it's the only place I go.  They do a great job and my gel manicures LAST.  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is great. Price is the same as any other place, but the experience is far better.  I love the Polish Room!
The cookies rock.  That's all I got to say.  When browsing Glendale, stop in and buy one.  \n\n\nAvoid Bitzee Mama's mexican restaurant a few doors north of there.
Worst enchiladas EVER and decor from a 1980's attempt at a mexican restaurant.  Taco Bell is a step up!  But if you like soupy enchiladas drowning in cheez wiz this is the place for you.
As my co worker above , I received a rare burger as well. However I didn't have time to bring it to the attention of the management. I microwaved the burger so it was edible. The bacon was over cooked and the only real highlight was the free drink the manager gave me for waiting for my burger.
I had a manicure at village spa. Shirene Najm did a fab job. Well worth the $25. Ask for her!
Sorry, I messed up, this was supposed to be for TGIFriday's.
Horrible service, extremely ignorant waiters and waitresses. Food is way overpriced, and it was not even close to good sushi. The rolls are tasteless.
One of my favorite places to go. The staff is very friendly and always making great recommendations for the perfect dish. The food itself is truly delicious, and there are so many options to try for a low cost.
Descend Service, food is above expectation, able to serve dish that are not on menu to cater.  Will go back again.  Their best are their risotto.  Very rich and favorable.
Nice hotel, Friday's is open 24hours, and the premium rooms are nice.
Never been here but this place was on the \" dirty diner report\" on the channel 13 news tonight.
While central dispatch wasn't the best to deal with this location and the repair staff are awesome!!!!!!
Great salon! Friendly front desk representatives and rarely a wait!! Love their waiting room although I've never had to use it ha! I will definitely continue to come here!!
Went in one time. Bagels are way too salty!! Literally made me sick to my stomach. Never again!
I waited for 2-3 hours awhile back because everyone was raving about this place.. I had the pork chop but it wasn't anything special. Maybe I was just tired from waiting so long. I didn't get what was so special about the place. But I will try it again and maybe find the magic in it.
Came here for the first time. A roach crawled on my arm the first five minutes. Not a good thing.
Great place for lunch and drinks. This was how we started our Vegas weekend; it was a phenomenal weekend.  Food is good here with a decent menu.
Incredible ambiance and gracious service to go with a perfectly prepared meal.
not a big fan of chain sushi restaurants, this place falls into that category. This a cookie cutter sushi place. I went here only because someone else was paying. If I'm paying I usually spring for more quality where the chef puts a little more soul into his craft.  If you want better sushi try a real sushi bar.
We ordered a variety of things. Pleasantly surprised by the tacos de cabeza and the mar y tierra sushi roll. Definitely coming back.
Don't bother. The girls were stand-offish, place was not busy and they didn't seem to care.
Always a long wait, low inventory, and the cars on average have a lot of mileage and smell like cigarette smoke. It's amazing that Hertz always has multiple work stations but only staffs about a third of them at airport locations while the lines are long.
The food was excellent, they have mixers that were also really good.
We eat here occasionally and the experience is consistent and mediocre. More Arby's than Subway, because the ingredients are uninspiring. Nor is it a great value in that it is only slightly less expensive than real sushi. All that said, it is convenient fast and strangely satisfying
Absolutely positively the best show that I have ever seen in my life!  Made you feel like Michael Jackson came back from the dead!  My only criticism is that I would have loved to see Remember The Time performed, but seeing Thriller performed live more than made up for it!!!
Really enjoyed the atmosphere, service, and food. We split the cesar salad and the lasagna. The salad was huge and perfectly dressed. The lasagna was huge, enough for two, and very flavorful.
Super nice find away from the hustle and bustle of the LV Strip. They make those burgers fast!!
Great food. great service. The owner obviously knows haw to please his patrons in every way.  Large portions of fabulous Italian classics. Go.\nYou will be happy!
So just an update, she did contact me and say that she had an unexpected death in the family, so hence the no communication.
Un bon brunch et un super service, prix un peu \u00e9lev\u00e9s
Great price with generous portions.
This place thrives on a circus atmosphere rather than good food. Apparently local celebrities are meant to make up for dull food. A boring over priced menu boasts big European flavors that end up blah. Don't buy into the hype. This is a has been kinda place. The only good thing I had was the stuffed squid app.
Always a fan of outlets - especially when they carry name branded stores. Tory Burch, Lacoste, Nike Factory, etc. It was really crowded when we went - given it was St. Patrick's day. \n\nFirst time here though. Next time we're going to explore the South one.
Nice hotel nearby shopping although I felt it was a little overpriced for the value.  Maybe it had a little to do with the NBA All-Star weekend being in town.  It was in a nice part of town and had plenty of parking.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.
I was surprised how well the staff worked.  Defiantly didn't feel like it was a \"Mill\". Friendly and pretty swift and efficient practice. I am very very very happy. My feet and Ankle feel allot better.
Really helpful staff...\nThe bus passes are helpful...\nEdina travel needs!
This place was a very nice surprise in the Silverado Ranch area (hidden behind Autozone).  A group of our friends tried the prix fixe menu of 8 dishes and all of them were sooo good.  This has become my new favorite little place.
Nice place but it's freakin' pricey!!!!!!!!!
Saddest Starbucks ever. There are maybe two tables inside? Also, be prepared to wait behind a long line of snowbirds in Buicks in the drive-thru.
Service was excellent, food ok, and ambience too crazy! We felt we were in a concert. I couldn't even hear myself talk. Not a pleasant evening. We will not return.
1 star for not having the special that's advertised on Yelp.  It's Sunday, and there's no 50% off sushi special.
The best food and the BEST service. This place rocks. Such a local-feel and a genuine Italian restaurant (yes, they even all have accents). You have to get the \"Pasta Alex\" - it's the best thing on the menu.
Was here for a pre-wedding reception, the place is beautiful, the Sushi was delicious, the spring rolls and crab cakes okay, and there was a meat skewer hors d'oeuvre that numbed your mouth, that was strange. Drinks are delicious and Strong!
Back again!!  Had a classic cheese burger. Don't even try to eat the whole thing!!  Was so good!!
One of my favorites hotels. I've fallen in love with M Life resorts/casinos because they have the blackjack switch game. Sports galore. Love the lobby area.  Self park is easy accessible. Only thing I noticed is valet service can get full and takes a wee bit more patience when waiting to get your car upon leaving.
Jamoca Almond Fudge! Its hard to find but they have it here...so good!
Hey that was pretty good pub food. I heard the burger was very good, and sampled the margarita pizza which was very tasty. I had the wings, which were surprisingly good for a montreal pub, and the pouting was great. Large hoegarden made it complete.
The food was alright and the service was terrible. There were a ton of waitresses, but it took forever to even be able place our order.
I like the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich here. I also like the selection of beers and flights. Real chill place to go and kick it with some buddies or to start off a night.
Very nice and huge park! I brought my Lab Mix there last weekend and she loved it! Owners should really watch their dogs and be proactive in picking up their poop. Also, there should be shaded areas for where parents can sit and be comfortable.
Eaten here a few times, everything has been great, no complaints. The chimichangas are really good, they put beef, green bell, onion, cheese, guac, sour cream, and beans. I love those things. Cashier is really nice and always smiles at me : )
Poorly executed. $10 admission that got u.... nothing. Ridiculous $$$$ food, 4 hour lines, many trucks out of food at 6pm!
Super cute, and eclectic.  I loved the vibe of the place from the minute I walked in.  We had a shake and wondered around, but I can't attest to anything else.  All of the servers were nice and helpful and the shake was super yummy.
Super clean and very helpful staff. Finally got all the new flavors of tea. My lady is a happy camper now.
Slow service considering they just had to scoop the food into containers and the food was so salty i couldnt even eat it all... Avoid this place!
My 1st time here, the staff is wonderful. Dr C just made you feel comfortable. \n\nThey have a huge selection of glasses to. \n\nThank you everyone, see you again definitely
Love this place for a quick easy lunch. I work in the area and it isn't the best part of town and so I am picky about where I go for lunch. The staff here is friendly and quick. They make a tasty sub.
I would give 0 stars if that was an option. I have kept a catalog of songs played on a Saturday night and they have all been 2006 and before. I wish someone would roofy me or blow my brains out. This is literally the worst bar in Gilbert.
Good bread and ingredients. Be sure to ask what is added to your sub. Barbecue sauce shouldn't be on everything.
The drive thru people act like they are on the Beavis and Butthead show.
Oh! it's a decent yogurt place in Bloomfield! YUM!
Calm down, people. \n\nIt's pricey and pretty average. Go somewhere else if you can, but go if you have to, because it'll hit the spot if you want it enough.  #Firstworldproblems
My favorite steak house in Vegas.. bar none - great all around .. can't wait for dinner tonight.
Very good food and service.
This place is great for those that just quit smoking... no, not really.. the cigar smell bleeds through these walls. the food is not that great.
Really liked this place, good service and the hookahs really good. Doesn't get harsh fast. Prices are reasonable too, $20 a hookah only 2 people can smoke off one hookah though. And $30 for all night refills.. It's kind of tricky to find but I definitely recommended it
So delicious! Lunch has better portions and menu. Definitely try the \"Mango Drink,\" it's thick and very sweet. Great vegetarian options, too!
The location was a little out there but it was our first time we went there and it was amazing food! We had the omlett with pancakes and both dishes were incredible! The service was also quick and friendly which made us definitely want to come back!
this restaurant is not wheelchair accessible. I have no idea how the food is because there are 2 steps and no ramp.
great ribeye, filets, and seabass..... lobster tortilla soup is great too.... Not alot of dining options in carefree so i was happy to discover cartwrights!!
I liked the room. The customer service however was pitiful. The dealers were rude, the waitresses were rude. The valet drivers were rude, etc... Makes me want to spend my money elsewhere next time, that's for sure... No bueno
Called about a guitar.  Was on hold for over 5 minutes.  Called back and the gal hung up on me.  Called back again asking why the rude service, was told they don't have the guitar I was inquiring about.  Probably the first time in my life as a 50 year old man that I was treated this poorly.
I've had some experience with powder coaters in the past.  The quality of their work here was second to none.
This is like the worst chain restraint, a nice barmaid but everything you hate to see on a night out otherwise. an embarrassment to the Irish bar name. go to olive garden instead
Takes forever.. Food isn't bad, but they forgot to bacon on my BBQ bacon cheeseburger...??? Wtf?? An hour later forget it.
This Jack in the Box is sub par even for JitB's.  The line is usually slow and the placement in the parking lot makes it accessible only if you're traveling East on Bell; otherwise it's a lot of parking lot to work through to get to it.  You gotta really want JitB.
lunch, crap \nnot worth it \nway over priced
They were able to help me in an emergency situation on a late Saturday morning by dry cleaning a dress I needed by that evening. Excellent service and friendly staff.  I will take all my dry cleaning needs to them in the future.
I went to the BAR 702 SUNDAY NIGHT PRO/AM JAM #10 on Monday. The jam was well run & the musicians were GREAT! The bar vibe was wonderful & the drinks were cheap ... who could ask for more?
I love firebirds and eat here often, they have one of the best hamburgers around if you are willing to pay the $$ also addicted to their house salad... great specials during the week and the bar area is a nice place to relax, especially when its cold and the fireplace is going.
Been in this branch a couple of times now and the staff is always nice and very helpful
I always have the falafel pita combo. Very fresh and yummy! The staff is polite and patient. It's a small place, but I appreciate the indoor/outdoor seating options.
Horrible salsa and awful, stale chips. Mediocre fish tacos and they don't have black beans! Seriously?
Charlotte's best pizza, IMHO.  Not overly expensive either.
This is no longer here. Boo.\nReally needed to go and it's as though it never existed!
Hands down best spray tan salon in Scottsdale, no smell, natural color,longer lasting.
Our favorite local steakhouse. Went on Friday night to celebrate my husbands birthday. Adam the manager took great care of us and the food was great.
Went here after the motley brew fest downtown.  I had the tacos plate which was good and reasonably priced.  The salsas were smoking hot, and I like it spicey.  The only surprise was that they dont have beer/liqour license.  Definitely will come back.
Came here on our way back to Chicago from Kalahari resort. The ambience is nice and the food is good. Watch out for the spice levels. If you can't eat spicy food then stay with mild.
So service here is failing. But the server and owner is very apologetic and food still reasonable and tasty.
Foodie place with small seasonal menu.  Everything very well prepared.  Had interesting flavor combinations, and it does have an excellent (salted) Pot au Creme.\n\nA little noisy, nice ambiance.  Pretty space.
I used to love Bob Evans.  Not sure if I've changed or they have, but I have to say I was not impressed this morning.\n\nThe sausage is still good, but everything else tasted like crap.  You mileage may vary.
Don't go here on a Sunday night. Dry gross burger, and old jalape\u00f1o poppers. \n\nI will continue to only come here for drinks. Ugh, more than once the food here has been less than stellar.
I love there shrimp and lobster with fried rice.  Good value no frills restaurant but clean, and folks are friendly!
Horrible drive thru... one car ahead of me and wait was over 10 minutes and my food wasn't even ready. Do not stop here if you are wanting fast service.
It was ok!  Service and food.  My husband loves the place.
Love this place. Good people working here. Lanes are reasonable in price. It is nice to see the same people behind the counter each time I visit.
Wow!  An amazing experience.  The food was fresh, tasty and inventive.  The service was great!  Its like Japanese tapas, so it can add up fast, but its worth it.  They are open late.  This is where all of the chefs go when they finish work.
Used this place many many times for all of my detailing.. their tint specialist is great and offers full warranty on everything.
Try to seat outside. Can't go wrong with sushi and the fountain show.\n\nFood is average to be honest.
Worst service in any restaurant in Las Vegas. It's really a shame, because the food (when they manage to get your order right) is pretty good. Stay away during a weeknight when they are probably only three people working to service about 20 tables plus a bar.
The food is good, I like bibimpop and the seafood soup. But they are raising price for food that us almost as expensive as in the restaurant
As always the food was awesome!!  Kelsey was not here today so we are breaking in a new girl, Greer!  She is pleasant and knows her stuff!  It is always nice to have comfort food and not have to worry it won't be right!  I love this place!!!!
No comfy big ass rocking seats..\nNo souvenir cup for 1.00 refills..\nNo super cute boys making gourmet popcorn..\nNot locally owned..\n\nIt's not Harkins.
I would rather go to the Onion Barn. Every time I go in there I step on a potato! I love my new brown couch but the burlap material is too itchy and they won't let me return it. I wouldn't recommend this place
Called in take out, arrived@ 11:30a, waited in line @ least 30 min. By then fries & hot dog were no longer hot. Place needs takeout window or better time management for busy times of day. Giving 4 stars due to overall freshness of ingredients.
This place has really went downhill. Really nothing open at all only whole foods and a couple other stores and 3 restaurants. I think if they did something to this place and add more stores like pacsun and NIKE and other teen and men stores then this place would be better
It looks really nice and clean friendly servers thats all the food is not good the chicharron bulakla is saggy ect. This place have so much potential but the cooks are doin a terrible job. Ill never go back. I felt like they stole my money the food was that bad.
Great stuff and awesome service all the time!
Their hummus is smooth perfection.  I can make a meal out of the hummus and pita bread alone.
Sometimes its excellent, sometimes its the worst.  Never usually anything in between.  I always order the same thing, mushroom pepper cheesesteak and hot wings.  So basically, its a 50/50 shot whether or not you will enjoy your experience.
Best food in Anthem. Been going here for years and food has been consistently delicious. These folks take pride in what they do and it shows! I hope someday they open a bigger place. Yum!
Awesome customer service. Since I've taken running more seriously, I've been more serious about the shoes and feet. I come here for the insoles and their very helpful and attentive.
My good friend Dennis Schulz who accompanied me to this place put it best.\n\"TV dinner food made by Filipino people.\"
If you want delicious, fresh tacos after a night out this is the place to be. The owners are very friendly! They made an amazing quesadilla!
I got a Groupon a couple months back for a massage here. They have a separate waiting area in the spa and it is such a calm atmosphere. My therapist was very professional and didn't talk a lot; which I appreciate. I loved it so much that my boyfriend & I are both planning on going back. I highly recommend.
Clean and comfortable, wide selection, friendly staff, but produce sometimes not in good shape at all. Be careful what produce you buy! Their generic brand is Roundy's which is fine. You need a Roundy's card to get additional discounts.
Fabulous crab cakes and oysters.  Thus place feels like dining in a tree house with rock'n music. The patio is fun and casual.
Authentic CLEAN Spanish cuisine, good service.
Brenda our server was awesome she made the meal wonderful. She gets an A+. Brisket was excellent!
I will not be coming back here again. Horrible service...... my table was being watched by the manager and it was awkward. I felt so freaked out I was scared to order anything because the manager and cooks were freaking me out. They could have messed with my food. Not vapor friendly either. Don't eat here.
I was starving and a coworker recommended Buddha belly deli. I had never been here before but, I just took my first bite and fell in love. The staff was so friendly and will most certainly be back every time I'm working. :)
Sightseeing and ran into this place, very nice setting/location abet not close to the Strip.  Liked the openness of casino layout.  Forgot to peek into the bowling alley.
Much better gambling return than on the strip.
Absolutely worst customer service possible\nAnd this came from the manager/owner of the place do yourself a favor and don't go here like many others have said.
Small place mostly for take outs with pretty good food.  I had the tasty gyros plate.  Friendly owner operators.  Location is deep in the plaza that seems to be busier lately.  Place would do betterr if it was well known with a better sign and facing street but nevertheless it has my business.
The chicken was dry and while it had flavor, I couldn't swallow it. \n\nNot worth the money. The commercial lied.
Wow! Was going to write a thorough review and it was not a positive one, sad to say.  I guess they saw it coming; I drove by and see THE BUILDING HAD BEEN TORN DOWN at this location....(In Surprise, W. Bell Road)
Called and asked for information about them and got hung up on twice. Sad because I waited about 10 minutes on hold only to get hung up on when I asked about the information on the website. All they wanted was my credit card number to charge me to become a member and I couldn't find out anything about them.
Store hours are wrong. Opened after 11am. They were not prepared and when we walked in the young lady uses rags to clean the floor the placed them on the front counter. So not going back to this place.
Location at Arizona and Warner is closed and already changed names. Was a great treat, but we found it only a week before it closed... Bummer.
Great rooms and service was very friendly and helpful. Easy to get to the strip from here. Dealers were friendly too.
Love it here! They have so many things here! Bulk foods, nuts, coffee, very nice produce as well. I get my gluten free bread mix there, and other gluten free goodies as well..
Wish i could give no stars. \nBad service. Bad food
Excellent curries and Pad Thai are beat eaten on their small open patio during the summer. Remarkably friendly staff. I have not ordered anything here that I did not thoroughly enjoy. Reasonably priced but bring cash.
We got a room for $35/night, a Motel-6 price for a better-than-Motel-6 room with much-better-than-Motel-6 amenities.  The pools are awesome.  You get a free drink pass.  Gym is pretty nice, too.  I approve.
Great service! But pushy sales
Nice sized rooms and clean. Expensive overnight parking. No frills. Free breakfast.  Pool.
Ordered a few different cupcakes today and took them home. The service at the counter was great, the boy working was very friendly. The flavor was just okay, you can really taste the shortening in the frosting. I wouldn't suggest these cupcakes over any other cupcake in the valley. Go to Sprinkles instead.
decent place
I just had a delicious breakfast! Shortstack lemon ricotta pancakes with scrambled eggs on the side. The pancakes had just the right amount of lemon and the eggs were scrambled just right. Great service and I like that it's next to a book store as well.
This is my 2nd time watching KA. They replaced the epic top-down action sequence with a poorly rendered CG recording. Was a bit disappointed in that.  Must say beginning was more impressive than the end but still carries the most engaging storyline in Cirque du Soleil in my opinion.
I think the shrak reef is ok. For the price i dont think it is worth it though. It is over so quick for the amount you pay. They have lots of cool fish and sharks, but def not worth the price!
This place was recommend think I expected better. I had the ahi tuna tacos and it was cold. Very bland tasting. The salsa really didn't have any flavor to it and margarita I've had better
The place is crowded for dim sum, but it's worth the wait. For supper, it's a little bit expensive, but the food is great and it's comfortable.
Tiny little airport that does what it needs to do - one could also fly directly into Atlanta and catch the shuttle out to Chattanooga, which I might do next time and avoid the joy of flying on a small plane. Taxi to downtown Charlotte is about $30
Jeremy and the community tire team are very helpful and honest.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for quality service at good pricing.  We have used them for new tires, tune ups, and diagnosing our company vehicles.
Superb! I am an asian food junkie and I had an amazing ox tail pho and I went back today for the Vietnamese Carpaccio.....\n\nGet off the strip and head over District One!
Neither my hubby or I liked this place. Our food was not tasty- we were thinking, \"jeez-I'm paying someone to cook this??\" And although my hub liked his beer, I didn'tike mine. We'll go elsewhere.
Recommend this restaurant for the food, service and ambiance! It's not right in the casino, which makes for a nice change of pace. Outdoor seating was perfect for a late summer dinner. We had the trout and chicken - both delicious! Reservations a must!
1st time there.  Very good service.; wait staff is very attentive, despite a very busy evening .  (20 min wait )\nBread and salads were very tasty and the pizza was excellent.\nSeemed to have a robust take-away business.  \nWe will be back.
My pancakes had pockets of flour in them. Not scratch, just a mix. One star for service. That's it. Won't be back.  Yeplers, 3.5 stars? Really?  You guys burnt me on this one.
At six o'clock, we called to be put on the wait list to be seated by 7. We were told that that was fine but once we showed up, we were told that we had to wait 30-45 minutes for a table. They should have told us that they were unable to do that since we drove pretty far...
Tried every pizza place in Maricopa for delivery and Dominos is the only one that comes hot and always right.  One time I forgot sauce and they called to make sure that was what we wanted.  Never longer wait than 25 minutes.
We have gone for drinks a few times and it has always been wonderful! We have been for prime rib night twice, and have been very impressed. The service and food are all top notch! Highly recommended!!!
Jazz brunch is it!!!!! Food just simply perfect.
Not bad - good for proximity to Usher Hall.\n\nDoes Genius GF chicken salad rolls so a plus point but service wasn't the friendliest last time I was in and the coffee isn't the best.
Based on \"Dirty Charlie\" the funniest cook I've ever sat in front of!
Was in a jam got there at closing and was given sorry can't help, it is closing time. Just needed a replacement battery so I could use my service. Tried all day to get help at 3 different stores.
Beautiful flowers. Owned by sisters who are very knowledgeable. Created unique wedding arrangements. Reasonably priced. Let me choose exactly the colors I wanted. A very happy bride.
When you forgot to bring your toiletry essentials, this is the place where you can find it.  This location provides a few parking spots but gets pretty busy.  Lets just say you get what you pay for and get what you need.  That's pretty much what it is good for.  You'll have to wait a w
Fresh fish, beautifully cut. I thought it was delicious! They were incredibly busy but still service was very timely. The quality seemed very good for the price.
Generic fried food. Yuck! Jambalaya was pre made and cold in the middle. When asked the waitress to fix it, she said \"of they probably didn't put it in the oven long enough!!\" Do not recommend. Mistake by the owners.
Definitely something that you have to try when you visit Pittsburgh.  Whatever you order, it will be a greaseball.  Ketchup and red devil hot sauce made my sandwich pretty tasty, but I think for that much grease, it should have been phenomenal, not just pretty good.
Horrible \nGo to burger king instead....is that bad.
Their filet and rib - eye were phenomenal. Seafood?--ummm.. no. It's a steak house. My dove white fish had weird slimy yet chewy texture that i couldnt get over. I had to return the dish and got scallops. It was really salty! So get the steak.
Charged us $15 for a small fast food. Food wasn't good and based on the place and the quality, plates should be $6 not $15. That's what you would expect to pay for a really nice food and a nice restaurant in Phoenix.
Two words.  They suck. I had put brand-new floor mats in the car and then have been washed. When they got done, there were grease stains all over the floor mats. Failed to vacuum the back. All in all I will never use this car wash again.
Nastiest food ever .. all food looked really bad, orange chicken was over cooked. Will never step foot in there again. \n\nThe restroom looked nicer than their food.\n\nIf I could I would rate this restaurant 0 stars.
Great sushi at a reasonable price. Service was great and the sushi fresh. They have a menu of their sushi so if you don't see what you want going around on the conveyor belt the server will gladly order it for you. I will be back.
The food was typical American style that food. There were no lunch specials. There was basically nothing special to distinguish this restaurant from any other Thai restaurant.
Horrible place, illusions of good food stored in a display case.\nOnce you choose they pop it into a microwave\n\nVery bad go anywhere else than there
This is the best caesar cocktail in town. All other things on the menu are good but overpriced. For the best experience at Le Pois Pench\u00e9 sit at the bar have an entree and order the caesar, this will not disappoint or break the bank.
The Mochiko bento is yummy! It came with Mochiko chicken which is super crunchy! It also comes with beef, chicken Teriyaki,  and shrimp tempura. The portions are huge and delicious!  I would love to come back and try their fried rice. The food along with the portions are a great deal!
Good Food, Good Beer
Always friendly regular wait staff, they recognize your return and seem to appreciate it. I've never not liked something I ordered.  Wait time is sometimes lengthy but a good environment and usually worth the wait. We'll continue to keep coming back!
I swear I think they tried to poison me my drink was sour and tasted like something rotting the next morning I went to pour the soda down the drain and it reeked of something awful. I can't go back after that.
Very disappointed! Ordered delivery, food was cold and bland.  Worst general TSO chicken ever tasted.
Ati did my Christmas family photos this year. They turned out great. I highly recommend him. He is extremely helpful and he was engaging with my whole family during the session.
This place has a lot to change, the decor is bad. The food and drinks are bad, especially for Vegas and The Venetian. Small servings, plain dishes, nothing memorable about Valentino. Save your time and money.
Great pancakes.The downside is that their traditional egg breakfasts are really sub par. Also a bit pricey for breakfast.
Deelish BBQ. If you are craving tasty cooked meat, and sides of comfort, go here. Lucille's has a lively atmosphere and an extensive menu. Their location is convenient.
Love love triple love the foie gras bread pudding!  Jeffrey the bartender mixes a mean cocktail.
Food is great, but service SUCKS.
3 stars for some really good drinks and atmosphere. Food was ok. A cool place to grab a bite while on The Strip. If you want a real mexican place try the Original Lindo Michoacan in East Side. If you're on the strip and want mexican food and good drinks to go with it then go here.
i did my pedi here by Lisa, and I absolutely love her! She even massaged my feet and legs, and it was so good! I will visit here more often.
Ok I have to update... Took another forever to get our bill back and it was the wrong freakin bill.  Whatever.  It was the same ish cost so we finally paid and are leaving 5 hours later.
Everything on this menu is out of this world. Please get the biscuit cake - you won't be sorry! The ambience is great. There is a steady soundtrack of electro pop to get you grooving. It was on Diners Drive ins and Dives for a reason!
Has a nice view of the strip. Hella expensive drinks and our waitress was terrible!
The food is good. However I ordered a medium pizza half bacon and 10 wings. The price was almost $28. There weren't even carrots with my wings. Not impressed for the price.\n\nThey also charged me a delivery fee, I live directly across the street.
Dr.  Xa is the best.  Straight forward,  no beating around the issues, his staff is so professional.  Scheduling is perfect,  no extended waits,  you walk in and they're ready for ya!
Hilton honors room reeked of cigarette smoke. Toilet didn't work, dunk was clogged. Shower leaked for a wet carpet. Free shuttle in the hour was really a joke. If they said 1:30 reality was 3:00. Front desk really didn't care about customer service. Pay extra and stay elsewhere
Awesome drunk food after a night at Marquee!!!  Super busy but worth wait!!
It was thanksgiving day!  And I know I was thankful they were open!
Four of us went here today for the first time. The service was wonderful and the food was great!!! We all had different items and we all enjoyed ourselves. Portions large and salads fresh. We all agreed that it was some of the best Mediterranean food we have had. We will return!!
The food was bland and not exceptional. Service was well-meaning but slow and ragged and the atmosphere consists mostly of the loud din of the dining room.\n\nPros: Mural\n\nCons: Ambience, Service
This place used to be so much better. Now the kitchen is churning out mass quantities of food with no care or quality. If located in a lesser location, this restaurant would not survive. The food comes out way too sloppy and rushed for the $12+.
Wonderful fresh Persian food! But even better, great customer service!! We arrived after the kitchen closed, but to help us eat a healthy, hearty meal, Aram took our order and gave us great take out. Generous portions and kindness to strangers are much appreciated. Don't miss Royal Persis and try the Fesenjoon.
As always excellent, locally sourced food.
Went to Spotted Donkey today and sign says they are closed!
solid place.  excellent beer selection.  food is very good. prices are decent.
It's so simple, or so it seems... but it's amazing how many people manage to screw up eggs, meat, potatoes, pancakes, french toast, and the rest of the breakfast experience. For what it serves, Mickies Dairy Bar does it perfectly... every single time.
I love David! He gives amazing deep tissue & I'm glad to have found him. I got frustrated with the way this location prices out having 2 services done in the day. It's all different from others. A chain should\nStay consistent.
Well we came back ...\nPerfect o this time Cristofer the bartender awesome. ....li juego e always ..\nGood food nice people this time
Amazing chicken is amazing.  I have tried other places and can't find anything like it.  This is the only Chinese food I will eat. We drive from Maricopa to get it.
Trendy ass crowd where 30-year olds, hipsters, and bachelor parties are thrown. That said, great selection of beer. There are two locations, but I heard the #1 is the better of the two. Not much seating, so get there early to post up. Change of pace than campus bars.
So good!!!!  Staff was friendly! Had the crepes and ready to plan a trip back to try the fondue.  :-)
Wow! Best chicken anywhere and done by really great people.  Just hate it that I don't live closer by....but it is worth the drive!
Mechanics made my car worse when doing an alignment. Got my money back from Patricio, but mechanics tried to rip me off.
Best of the Best. Never had a bad experience, recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone! I have a lot of items on there menu and must say i have never had a bad meal. Great Kids menu as well. Always a line out the door, but never have a problem getting a table
Nice enough no/low frills ballpark.  The concession stands only took cash which was a bit of a bummer.  Not sure if that's a temporary situation or not.  I think it was only  $6 for a foot long hot dog which has to be the best value in the Cactus League.
My favourite sub place in Vegas, the sandwiches aren't obscenely large like in most places, but they are intensely flavourful and delicious, very satisfying. I always get the NY Steamer on white, which is hot pastrami and cheese, simple and very very yummy.
Wonderful all-you-can-eat menu! Food's taste and presentation is up to standard... 10/10!
Very disorganized. Hard to get anyone to call you back within a reasonable time frame. Never again.
Back again to my favorite chinese restaurant in Las Vegas\nif you like fresh and spicy food with a hometown flavor\nyou must try it ! I recommend the fish head and frog plate\nand vegetable and tofu soup all very delicious !
The reviews are true. The owner of this place is the friendliest and most helpful liquor store owner I've ever come across. Prices seem on par to me and selection is good.
5/5! Excellent service, professional nail care, & welcoming environment all with a Spa-like feel. I have finally found a home for my nails... :)
Excellent service (fast & friendly) catered for a company event & boy did they deliver :) great prices and they're so fantastic!
Good for hot tea. but usually I go for boba and the boba is only OK. I would have given 4 stars for variety but their lychee jelly sucks. they have the opaque flaccid kind, not the  chewy clear kind.
This is my FAVORITE hotel! Friendly staff, great buffet and awesome casino. Lots of choices to play and I always leave a winner!!  Rob the bartender is always friendly and shakes up MEAN martins.  Thank you M resort and staff for always making me feel welcome!
OK if you're absolutely desperate.  It was pure grease.
Love coffee bean. Product is always great but the cashier was completely rude. So it took me 10 seconds to decide what drink instead of 5. There's no line behind me, I don't appreciate the attitude.
Breakfast served was better than average. Service was ok. Worst feature was that windows in dining area were badly in need of a wash. Bad feature in an establishment featuring a Strip/ valley view.
This place has the best fried rice ever . not too dry , just perfect, I've only eaten inside once, and the workers are very nice. I order take out from here all of the time and they have fast service.
For attached to a mall it is good food and classy decor.  Reasonable rates.
One of the best restaurants and staff in Charlotte.  Friendly, inviting environment.  Great food.  Wonderful per glass wine selection.
It was good.  but.  was it the best pizza ever?  no.  Do I have anything bad to say?  Nope.  I probably would if I had had to wait for a table.  Luckily, three seats opened up at the bar right when we got there.  Honestly - I have no complaints.  It was truly A-OK.
Burgers were okay. We ordered three burgers and a salad. My wife said the salad was great. We asked for the burgers to be medium and they came out well done (no pink inside).\n\nThe tater tots and sweet potato fries were okay also.
Our food took so long to come out. On top of that, it comes out and the order was wrong but I was too hungry and exhausted to complain. We paid $15 a plate. The service was very slow even though there weren't very many people in there. Definitely not worth it.
Nothing special. Considering the competition amongst Mexican food joints in the Phoenix area, there are plenty of more appealing options available.  Wait staff was great, though...
Got Amelie's Yet?
This is a really charming place. I went for lunch and ordered the grilled salmon with pesto. It was very good but I could have eaten another order. For those of you that hate coconut, like myself, the chocolate chip muffins that they bring out is loaded with coconut. Nice ambience and a nice view.
Great place, i stop by from time to time, really friendly staff and a great DJ on friday and saturday nights!
It was really hard to find the location of this place and once we did, the agent was unpleasant and annoyed that we couldn't hear her over the cleaning guy banging around in the corner. The rate was super expensive and the tank wasn't even full when we picked up our vehicle: fail Avis.
I like the idea of a mans grooming spot, and the hot towel was nice but after all has been said and done, I need a good hair cut. Which I didn't get!! To be fair, I think it was a new stylist.
We dined here for lunch.  It was not a busy, but every thing was great from the food to the service.  We all enjoyed the hibachi and the sauces were excellent!
Awesome omelets and their menu is pretty big to satisfy anybodies hunger
Let's be honest. The salad bar is just ok. They rest of the food is really terrible. So if you like this type of food, your in the right place.
I've been to this Dunkin many times since August 2014. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. The staff seem to care about the work and provide good service. Compared to some other Dunkin Donuts in the area, I think this one is the best.
Very friendly staff and great coffee.  I like supporting a local company, especially when the product is such high quality.  This is a very relaxing place to meet someone for coffee.
good food if your craving for fried chicken
I'm 52 years old and probably ate my first fish and chips here. I am so disappointed in the change petes has made with there shrimp and I've also heard they have no interest in changing it back. So I'll eat at Eds in avondale from now on.
Best food in town. Was visiting from Hawaii and went to Diablo's it rocks and Da server Ariana she is da Best.
Twice the price and half the flavor of In-N-Out!  Just ordinary burgers and a very crammed dining room. The free peanuts are a nice touch.
Far overpriced for the quality of food you receive. Many other great options just a few miles away.\n\nThat being said, it is more \"authentic\" than some Mexican restaurants, and the margaritas weren't half bad.
Cheap and relaxing. But don't come here expecting to get pampered.
This charming bistro offered everything... tantalizing food, outstanding service, and the perfect environment to relax and enjoy.
My first time in this part of the country! Thanks Yelpers! Excellent food, outstanding service, family owned and operated! Found out Guy Fieri was here, too! Yes it's in a shopping plaza, but what a great find! Owners welcomed us warmly and took pics with us! Great salsa! Go here!
My wife and I like to sit at O'Sheas, drink, play video poker, and watch the managerie of Las Vegas Boulevard go by.
I only come her for Kiwanis Club of Scottsdale McCormick's weekly meeting.  Never played on-site or use any of their other facility other than the small banquet room facing the fountain area.  Overall service was good, but they do indeed need to improve their facilities.
Ordered 5 drinks,  paid for 5 and only got 4...and they are not even answering their phone..very bad customers service will never go back to this Starbucks again
This place blows...there's not much else I could say to dress up this review.  If you're expecting some sort of elaborate description of the food and/or service...don't.  You're wasting time reading any further....just stay away from this garbage and try another Brazilian spot
SBUX on our way out of Madison.  Tucked away in a newer shopping square, on the corner by the stoplight where you turn in.  Not bad on-off the highway.  Very friendly folks, parking was available & convienent, and our Venti Mochas were just what we needed.
We went in at 7pm with a groupon, got a lane right away and had a blast!\nEveryone was very nice.
Good food. I liked the Chicken Marsala but the prices could be better. There is a kid working their that looks like Jonah Hill/Seth from Super Bad - with a white boy fro and all! That made only OK service a little better!
We live nearby and this is one of the friendliest places in the area to go.  the owner is always welcoming and the staff friendly.  In 4-5 years of going there we have never once had a bad meal or unpleasant visit.
This was our first time in the restaurant. The food was good and reasonably priced. Will be back again.
Worst Applebee's ever! Go to the one in Boca Park instead.  Terrible service! First time I've never left a tip. Yes, it was that bad!
Ya not so good. The concept is very creative...asian/Mexican fusion but the flavors were a little awkward. The meats were dry and the food proportions were a little on the light side.
My consensus is that if you have a car, and you're staying as a hotel guest.... it's great and a wonderful value.
The food was delicious and a great selection!  The service not so much.  Horrible service.  Several dirty plates remained on the table.  The server didn't remember our drink order and never came back to the table.  Service should be a top priority for a place like this.
Food was great.  I had the aged Rib Eye, and my wife had the Filet Mignon Medallions.  The service was top notch.  Attention to detail.  I will be back!
Zero in cleaness ... Poor in service
A cheerful alternative to the corporate face of Starbucks. I love their coffee, the staff are always friendly and the wooden furniture inside has a rustic charm. Great for a light lunch or snack stop when on the Mile.
The only good tasting food here is the pulled pork sandwich, everything else is poor. I am from the east coast where we have BBQ cook offs and such, so I know good BBQ. This place does a poor job in my opinion. Friendly waitresses/servers and good sweet tea but that's about it.
The Kalua Pork is off the charts!!  Best Hawaiian BBQ shop I have tried in Vegas (or anywhere for that matter).  I highly recommend this place for some great Hawaiian food.
Shawn and his team helped me find my second home. They were so pleasant to work with, always answering my questions promptly and using their problem solving skills to find the best options for me. Thank you, thank you!
Always great food and great experience. We tell our family about it all the time. Our favorite restaurant for sure!
We never see anyone eating here. We've eaten here a couple times (my kids like Pad Thai), and were always the only ones there. Food is below average.  It's a bit creepy being the only one's there at dinner time.
The Doritos Locos Taco was just so so.  Maybe if I was younger and more impressionable(brainwashable), it might be better.
So we usually order from here often, but today's order was a little off. The hot sauce for the wings was a little oily. Didn't taste pleasant. Disappointed. Along with the pizza didn' t taste like anything special. Not to sure if I'd order from here again.
The gal I dealt with glared at me. Like she dared me to waste her precious time with my stupid order. Then she literally threw the contents of my tacos together and slid them down the line.\n\nI give low ratings to businesses that throw my food.\n\n2013 #171 / 365
So I ain't really like this location I was already not having a good day and I could have sworn I said Carsada fries not nachos she could have done good customer service and  traded them in but she was being rude and was like sorry u have to take these or buy some more hell naw grr just not my day.
People ask do they have Chicago style pizza or New York style pizza? The answer is they have Italian pizza and it is the best you will find any where around these parts. As a matter of fact everything about this place is very Italian. This is a class operation
Mediocre at best. They boil the crab legs to the point that they are mush. Overall it is your typical buffet experience...store bought cake desserts etc. On top of that the meal was way over-priced. $18 for frozen seafood. We will forgo future visits.
We stopped in for a quick bite. The owner was rude to take out order. We ordered ice tea and it tasted horrible. We asked to get something else and the owner was rude about us not liking the ice tea. The chicken fingers were way too salty and the meatball Parmesan needed more sauce. Don't waste your money here.
Meh mojitos, but very decent burgers. The place has a nice atmosphere for just hanging out for a while and was a nice break from the overly loud strip atmosphere.
I will say that the food was okay, however when it comes to service, it was a disaster! After ordering our food, it took 37 min to get, never got a refill on water, and the server after two attempts failed to deliver the correct salad dressing!  Epic fail!
I went to meet our new CM, Lindsey, a couple months ago.  I won't be going back.  I loved seeing fellow Yelpers, though!  The food was a solid \"meh.\"
Really like this car wash. Always clean facilities. Good water pressure. Vacuum went for a long time (able to vacuum my SUV thoroughly, including the back). Even an automatic car wash on location.
Seriously, how did this place get four stars? I just walked in and they have absolutely nothing on the shelves at 5 PM on a Friday night. Not even one baguette on the shelf! They should give me the $.50 I put in the meter to walk in there.
The sample cone for Italian ice are perfect size. If you have a little one. Under three years old.  Bam!!
Molly was a fantastic server! Never had to ask for anything, always refilled out drinks and made sure we were taken care of! We will definitely be coming back & requesting her as our server!!
I really don't like the lay out of this store.  I get lost and the way the items are on the shelves make no sense.  I really like the staff they are always very helpful I just think prior to the remodel the way the food was layout in the store made more sense.
The manager is rude, my order is never correct, it really isn't hard to leave ice out of a drink people, the machine does it for you if you ring it up correct! 2 out of 3 times my kids food is wrong. I now avoid this location!
After spending a few summers in Phoenix you learn to locate and love certain watering holes.  One of the best treats to cool off the perspiration of a long Phoenix afternoon is the date shake at Sphinx.  This place has a long history with Scottsdale and its shakes have been hydrating sweaty residents for several decades now.
Was not impressed with Paris buffet.  I know I am in the minority here, but it really wasn't any better than cruise cuisine.  Just across from the buffet is the crepe place (LaCrepes?) and it was fabulous, and the bakery next door is also wonderful.
Excellent, fast, inexpensive. Plain old good Mexican Food. I would drive across town for it, but if you live in the vicinity it's a must have.
Really! 17.00 for a mini Cobb salad I had to wait 25 minutes for. It's not like there was a big rush either. Overpriced food and be patient because they are slow.
Nice place. The Hostes and servers provided extremely poor service. They dnt know how to smile and have a really bad attitude. I wish I could give it 1/2 star.
Friendly staff. Jesus and Jose were great and honest !! They inspected my brakes for free. No up selling, just fixed what was wrong and for a great price !! In & out too ;)
Still an awesome Happy Hour. Love their new $5 Martini Thursdays. Now I really won't be able to stay away.
Perfect barbeque. Super friendly. I can't believe this place is for real. I feel like I stumbled upon a secret.
Got free tickets. Didn't like it.
My dog has a sensitive stomach Pet Club carries grain free food for him. The staff is knowledgeable about the products and havent steered us wrong on anything so far. We belong to their frequent shopper program and will eventually earn a free bag of food.
Needs to be put out of its misery and donate its signs to the Neon Museum boneyard.
Pretty good pizza for Vegas generally speaking. It's a bit hard to find stashed in the corner of the casino, but good for a quick bite.
Food is great.  Service was very slow.  I would recommend it but only if you are not in a rush for any reason.
This now a Waitrose
Good, but nothing amazing or different from every other yogurt place out there.  Clean, fresh looking decor. Some of the flavors were down, but over all a good experience.
I usually write out some lengthy reviews...\nToday is not that day. \n\nThe food quality, quantity and price - horrendous.\n\nSave your money...please go elsewhere for your teriyaki.
I thought food was good.  I particularly liked being able to sit outside.  Lots of seating.   Just a bit loud on the night I was there but, despite the crowd, service was fast enough.
It was good but I don't even remember what I had. Some sort of fruit smoothie. \n\nThey also serve some food like tortas or someting too. \n\nI will go back.....someday.
What is hear is the place is amazing . But every time I go the line is over an hour long. I hear they cater so next time we have a company party we cave a company party we will look them up
If I could leave zero stars, I would.  We've canceled our membership 3 separate times, still are being charged, and every month we are reassured it won't happen again and that our money will be reimbursed.  Yet here we are again, being charged for our canceled membership.  Way to run a business guys.
Silk Elephant is definitely one of my favorite thai restaurants in Pittsburgh. I always order the green curry with vegetables and I've never been disappointed. The food is very consistent and its a great restaurant to celebrate any occasion for a good price.
The food was good, but the service was so terrible it ruined the experience. The two guys behind the counter often disappeared. It took 30 minutes to get our fries, which came well after our pizza cones. We smelled cigarette smoke coming from the kitchen. Most of the tables were dirty as well.
Just had the pork and noodles for $5. Very good for the price point, will be back to try others food items. they only had 5 or 6 dishes so this place is more of a tea and smoothie place than a full fledged restaurant.
great waffles great service nice atmosphere great prices
Excellent food and service. Happy hours prices are great.. Able to try a variety of new items. Chefs are amazing. Jeff explained the menu and offered ideas of what to order and very friendly. Knew the menu well and entertaining at the sushi bar. I am new to sushi so that helps. Thank you Jeff
I had the french toast platter and it was terrible!  Dry toast, bland eggs and under cooked bacon. Such a disappointing breakfast.
Overrated. Overpriced. Would not go again.
more selections on meat! customer service is good. my only complaint is the price. A little more than other korean places.
very nice sound effects & overall a great show - great cast/actors(ress)
This place is a gem. It's Summerlin adjacent's best kept secret. The baked goods are delicious.  Quiche was great. Atmosphere was very cute.  Croque Monsieur was good but heavy, perfect for sharing. The desserts looks tasty.
really good stuff.  Goos sushi, great show, great service (ask for Smatt)...  we had toms of fun!
It's ok. Some equipments need maintenance but over all it's ok. I like the sauna and steam room after a good work outdo thank God they have it here.
Best steak in Vegas!
My cocker spaniel, Sophie, looks so good! I can tell she feels good too. Katie used a gentle shampoo on her sensitive skin and had good feedback for me. Sophie's never come back from the groomer so happy or smelling so good. I already booked her next appointment!
I have eaten here several times before, usually for breakfast.  The menu has recently changed, however, I prefer the previous menu.  It was easier to order from.  The service is always good I feel.  They have a nice gift shop.  Eat one breakfast one morning, get 2 for 1 next day with your receipt!
Great service. Better fry bread. We got a chicken sandwich. Big enough for two. Good enough it to share though. We were treated with a sample of the coconut Carmel sweet fry bread. It was super good.
My wife and I always enjoy our meals at Blue. We had one of her birthday dinners, a new year's eve dinner, some get-together with colleagues, and it was a good experience every time. The food is great and so is the service.
Another average Chinese takeaway. Nothing to say really, the food is ok, a bit greasy but not terrible. The service is alright and the prices are average.\n\nThere is a Snapfax discount though, that's about the only discerning thing.
They did an amazing job on our backyard. From start to finish we didn't have a single issue with their work. Everyone on the team was awesome, great price and beautiful work. Our backyard was completely transformed in less than a week and we couldn't be more happy with the results. I'll recommend to everyone I know!
We had a nice lunch at this restaurant in Edinbourgh a few days ago. We ordered some starters and pasta. Everything was delicious. We have enjoyed a beautiful atmosphere and our food. Safe place to dine if you don't know where else to go.
Like listen, your job isn't hard. Just follow what i ask for and stop giving me an incorrect order. Im sick of driving through twice to get things fixed here.
lately it's been hit or miss, but today was a hit.  machaca, beans and rice for about $6, great deal.  hot, tasty, and this time not stingy on the portion, really enjoyed it.
This hospital has gone through some changes over recent years but, one thing's for certain, the staff's dedication and commitment to the healthcare and advocacy of those people and communities served is inspiring...keep up the good works!
Always awsome and fresh burgers here.... I just found out they have 3x3 and 4x4 burgers on the secret menu...... .
i am waiting for check in more than 1 hour, and they can't find our name on the booking list, and the attitude was awful. And they delivery our luggages like 2 hours!!!!! I even can't take a shower cause them didn't have robe in the room and bin as well....
Not as many screaming kids as I thought there would be.  Only two things I felt were worth mentioning, the mac and cheese pizza and the cinnamon sticks, otherwise ok food. Not bad for the price tag.
Menu is rather small soft serve is So so prices are reasonable. Service not very friendly. Very small interior with limited seating. If your In the area I would opt for Page dairy mart instead.
Good place love the church feel,... I also love that they have allot of Spirit,.the taco are amazing get the duck,... you will thank me later.
Didn't like it at all. Even my kids were not pleased
Just had happy hour there for the first time, and we all loved it. Drink specials were good, and the food was excellent. The pork tacos and the mushroom tacos were our favorites, but the guacamole was outstanding. We will be back!
Hatte hier zur Mittagszeit Gem\u00fcse mit pikanter Erdnusso\u00dfe gegessen, war echt gut.\nFerner ist der Laden sehr h\u00fcbsch dekoriert.
Awesome! Five guys....Mmmmmm! That's all I got to say...love the fries..talk about canon style.
I love Hawthornes! The food is priced appropriately. Kids menu is a coloring sheet (with two crayons provided). They also give the kids pizza dough to play with while the food is cooking. My boys ordered cheese pizza (round, individual size pizza). I had a calzone. Food was great
Great Friendly Neighborhood Coffee Shp
Came here tonight with a couple of friends.  Atmosphere was nice and good place to watch a game.  Food wasn't very good and service was sub-par too.  Might come back to watch a game and grab a beer, but that's about it.
Brothers own this, and they are both very nice and helpful!
Ordered online and my food was ready, hot, and delicious. Cute girl behind the counter was very sweet and efficient. Love Pei Wei every now and then they are a bit pricy for the amount of \"protein\" to rice equation. Other then that. Its Fabulosity.
The menu is so enticing, but the food is disappointing, especially at this location.
Decent priced gas in Chinatown area. \n\nThey do not have the cash and credit pricing which is a plus.\n\nDid not go into the actual store. Only got gas.
I have to say that this Thai Expr has considerably bigger portion than others! But like all other TEs the pad Thai's too greasy...
Awesome! Pasta and Sushi at the same place, and both are done right. Price matches the quality of food and service. Parking is the only negative.
It's too bad yelp does not allow zero stars. They did my landscape plan around 8 years ago. I don't recall asking for a big tree that sits next to the pool and dumps 4 pounds of leaves into it daily. The proof is in the outcome ... Which was awful. Avoid this company
Great quick lunch downtown. Ramen done right... Definitely not what you made yourself in college.
Yup...best filet mignon I've ever had in my life.  Don't need to say much else.\n\nOooo except don't forget the blue cheese fondue.  MMMmmmm.
Last time I tried pilates was years ago and honestly I didn't get the whole buzz.  Reformed Pilates is completely different.  Their classes are a GREAT workout that are fun and fly by, plus the staff is incredibly kind and supportive.  Definitely check them out!
The food is too freaking expensive! Geez! Pack a lunch or a bunch of Clif Bars. $2.85 for a stupid bottle of water! Yeah, I get that is a desert and all that, but give me a break!
Food was not great at all. Go to CHINA CHILI for the best chinese food in town.\nAtmosphere not great either. Just dumpy
This place was pretty cool. We only came in for a quick drink and sat on their huge patio.\n\nId like to go back and try their food sometime, although it seems a bit large to be an Irish bar.
Got the $7.77 special.  What a great deal.  Don't expect a David Burke steak (which is effing amazing btw, only from Chicago), but it's def. what I would make at home, but much cheaper!!  Groceries are expensive now!  I thought it was great and a great deal.
Don't order the country fried steak \nDon't order the fish & chips\nDon't eat at the bar\nDon't expect good service / common sense \n\nMy first time & last time coming.\nBad from the beginning to the end.
My Favorite buffet in Vegas. Breakfast has a wide selection as well as made to order omletts. Dinner includes King crab legs YUM!!
Great spot in the village. Friendly staff, even though they forgot our cutlery. The portions are huge. And the view of St Catherine St is awesome.
I go here often for lunch and love their salads and on occasion have had their pizza too.  Both of which are tasty and keep me coming back for more.  Service is touch and go depending on the day, but I have to say that most days are good.
Bird crapped on me from rafters (not 100% their fault but didn't help the experience) hand wash took over an hour and a half and was below par quality wash. Not a good overall impression.
I think this is the best pizza in Dormont!!! i have never had a bad pie from here! stop in and get a slice or 2!
Cargo is ideal -- their staff is super friendly, their coffee is excellent, and the food is healthy and inexpensive. Its just down the street from my office, so I go there regularly, and have had nothing but good experiences with the service or the product.
I just wish the flights would leave on time!
Super friendly staff. Great gym. Sauna room. And you can bring guests anytime you want. Ask for Lawren when signing up she's real cool and will set you up right.
Food is just ok.  Place smells like stale beer and I always seem to be cold when I am there.   Service is very slow.
great place!  Nice inside.   They even have a good selection of wine.
This place is great.  We were there for the afternoon happy hour and enjoyed great wings, oysters, and sliders.  Everything was fabulous!  The beer and drink selection was extensive.  Our server was super hip but very friendly.
You actually get alot of lobster for the money; very little filler unlike most places.\nI think all in all a good value and a must if you're into lobster, good rub on the \"classic\" roll.
Decent food but nothing special. The corn flake crusted french toast was OK but again, nothing special. I had the Irish skillet and was underwhelmed.
Meh indeed. \nI have only had Hotpot in this restaurant so this review was only based on that.\nAverage soup, average sauce and very limited choose of meat and veg.\nGood service. You can definitely get better hotpot in Edinburgh.
The restaurant part & upstairs area looked cute. You can come here to watch people karaoke while sipping on some drinks.
My favorite dive bar in Vegas.  It's a no frills get loud and drunk kind of bar.  I read that several years ago Richard Cheese put on a Xmas show there... man that would have been special!
Orders are slow, tasting is good but not amazing and is so noisy, you need order all at time because is very slow .... Waitress forget the order .... i don't understand how have a four stars ....
I love this place and they were so great with my cat. I wanted her to be groomed like a lion and they did an awesome job. I will be a returning customer!
Go before 9pm and ask the front entrance employee if you can just go up to look at the patio....by doing this, it will save you the cover charge :).
A real nice place for a morning coffee and treat. There are pastries here that you just can't find elsewhere in the Madison area. There are also nice light sandwiches delivered on fresh bread or rolls which makes for a pleasant lunch/brunch.
as far as i'm concerned there are no other coffee shops out there. top notch coffee doesn't taste burnt like starbucks.
Bad service, GREAT barbecue!!! Great prices!!!\n\nThey have a really good BBQ, take it from a BBQ lover such as myself. I would definitely go back, but I always forget about the long wait.
The best grilled chicken and ribs in town.  Favorite sides are the chicken pasta salad and steamed veggies. YUM!!!
Loved the bacon and the service. My husband also enjoyed his Denver omelet. A refreshingly tasty breakfast at a reasonable price when you have been eating on the overpriced strip for a few days.
The food is all right. Just like the other chinese restaurant on green street, the positioning of what kinda food it shall serve is very bad. How could a restaurant try to cook all styles of chinese food. Chinese cuisine ain't American fried shit. Trying to make everything always end up failing at everything.
The service here was excellent! The waitress was very friendly and attentive, even though she was very busy. The food was very good, can't beat the cheddar biscuits! The seafood was fresh and prepared properly. I had a very good experience.
This was our first time trying Smokey Jons.  It is a new favorite for sure.  The space was small but cozy, and the food definitely deserves best in Madison (or the universe).  Patanne (the lovely lady who took our order) was friendly and made us feel right at home.  We will be back.
Overpriced, underwhelming food. Great bar/happy hour joint with live music.
Great service, friendly, frozen yogurt is great especially in this heat ! Worth the stop
Its ok..got mine done here ..a little pricy on some of the package..when i got home and check my interior some parts was not cleaned very well...
Absolutely amazing! Brings a whole new dimension to hot dogs. Only the best ingredients and cooked to perfection. I had no idea that a dog this different could be so wonderful - Simply Outstanding
Don't get the cocktails! I liked the salmon and the dates. Happy hour deal pulled us in. Food was good but not great. Considering that this place with the happy hour 30% off is much more economical than other places around the square, it's worth it on a budget,
Hougan's is a great sandwich shop, but one thing that goes overlooked by their fantastic sandwiches is their amazing burgers.  They make 1/2 lb and 1 lb burgers that are simply fantastic.  Their subs (all named after racing themes) are also great.  Very clean and friendly staff as well.
I dined at Centurion for the second time yesterday and unfortunately had an even worse experience than the first time. I went with M. M. who's review sums my entire experience as well. I will not be returning and highly suggest you think twice before ever dining here.
This is a cool place to cool down and enjoy ice cream after walking along the strip or dancing at a club nearby.  It sure beats the waiting line of Serendipity across the street at Ceasar's.  It was more comfortable here and classy.  Had to minus 1 star for the in attentive greeter.
I wish the delivery guys would stop using my neighborhood like a race track.
This place is disgusting its so dirty and all the food was dried out and I got a salad and there was a huge hair in it I've never had a good experience here its over priced for mediocre food
I tried Smashburger for the first time and it was good, a little pricey though.  The shakes are very good.  Just make sure you come with an appetite!!
Our 1 hour drive to Tempe for NCounter was worth every penny.  Great value for the $$$.  Very inexpensive meals with friendly/helpful staff.
Took the teenagers to the early show.  They loved it, I loved it, food was fine (bar food).  Lots of younger kids, but it really is the perfect event or teenagers.  Generally dinner out with my crew is frustrating, this was a nice night out with no fussing between the kids, so great night for mom!
Place was open today! So it gets an extra star!!!
Cool concept and nice stuffings and sauces but my pork bun was dry at Oink.  I will give Oink a second try if I ever find myself in Edinburgh again.
Gym Review Only- decent gym for hotel, clean, nice equipment. When using the gym you can use the restrooms, sink and showers but you CAN NOT use the steam room!!  Really?!? Very disappointing considering all guest pay a hefty resort fee!
The girls in the fitting room were friendly and helpful. It was very busy and small. There isn't much variety. It seems to be priced higher than ones in California. Tax is cheaper in AZ, but not by much.
Lovely staff. Great pieces. Loved the sales women.I love bags and earrings. They have both. I purchased some silver earrings for 8.00. They had a great sale section as well.  I can't wait to go back.
My daughter and I stopped here for her birthday breakfast of strawberry and chocolate glazed donuts. Yum! We enjoyed talking with the owner. The donuts are unbelievable- fluffy and flavorful! I also got an iced coffee that was perfect-- not too sweet like others serve it--
1/2 of the washers and dryers were broken down and not operating. Several people including myself were waiting  for one of the few operating machines. The managers were really nice and helpful, but I won;t be back.
A warm and classy staff. Always go above and beyond to make sure one's experience is enjoyable. Michael always knows the perfect libation, and when to offer it. Love this establishment,
Nasty, Nasty, Nasty no other info required
Deserves every star . Hands down the best and freshest Greek food EVER . You gotta try it !!! Try the feta fries . Yum
Got food poisoning (really sick at least ) from a chicken mushroom pizza and when I've tried to call other nights sometimes no one picks up \n\nNot a good location to get food
the place is very good...I am not still a fan of Sushi. I tried three dishes in one night! But I need some work to get into Japanese cuisine style, I guess! Will try later again and correct the rating..
I still hate this place but am cursed as my husband loves it..I tried to hide the fact they opened one in Matthews but can't ooooh noooooooo I
This place is touted as being creole in nature. There is nothing creole aboit it. It is just a steakhouse. The lamb was good, but there wasnt anything about it that really stood out. The veggies on the side were pretty bad unfortunately
Tried the bahn mi burger and it was excellent and cooked to perfection.  Had to come the next day to try the Ronin and liked this one just as much. What are you waiting for? Doesn't get any better than this for burger lovers.
They delivered the pizza on Super Bowl Sunday . . and it was so so . . . \nIt got to us fairly quick but it was slightly overcooked and more salty than normal. Three stars .... =-/
Nothing special. Fast service and half prices select sushi but the food isn't anything special .
I wanted to enjoy this neighborhood landmark, but it disappointed on all points: \n\nSmall pours\nSlow service\nFood that never arrived\nIndoor Smoking\n\nThis place makes me want to order in and drink at home.
Pretzels were ok. Tomato bisque soup was delicious. Server was nice. Kept our sodas filled. Nice environment.
Definitely worth a try for quick and delicious BBQ! I stopped by for lunch midweek and service was real quick. You order at the counter and can seat yourself and the food is delivered once ready. The best part of Tom's is the family feel to it. Ill definitely go back!
I just ate here yesterday afternoon. I had 3 fish tacos. Today I am suffereing from food poisoning. How lovely.
The restaurant was full of Mexican customers! Need I say more
Great Pizza!!!! They have good wings and sandwiches.
Amazing...IF you like this sort of thing, which we do. If you don't have any interest in the particularly interesting time and place then don't bother. If you're cool you'll love it.
The only reason I came back is because they gave me free food after the fiasco from last night.
Had coffee. Much smaller than their Tempe location, they have some nice beers on tap, extra seating in adjoining space. Great way to caffeine-up before walking the streets of Old-Town. Funny how people can sit there for hours nursing one cup of coffee while they stare at their PC screens. Service was good.
The sushi is not worth the amount you pay.  Probably won't be going back again. Should have listened to the posts below but I thought I'd give it a fair chance.
Totally swanky and delicious
Love this Starbucks! They make my Passionfruit Iced Tea Lemonade just the way I like it (the ones in California could never quite do it right :/)! The staff are friendly, helpful and attentive.
Some things are fun yes, but it is packed with whining drunks by 12pm. And it's waaaaay overpriced. Cleanliness and quality was that of a motel 6. Save your money.
Super over rated, after 40 minutes in line I was expecting something way better, the food is average and pricey
Wish I could give the Peel Pub 0 stars, this place is for those that have no concept of what a good pub is, the food is terrible, the beer pathetic, the only reason anyone likes this place, is because it's cheap. Just don't complain when you get sick after.
Very disappointed.  Plus there was an actual leaf blower in the back of the restaurant that left me uneasy
Good sub but on the expensive side. Also they don't have Fries!!\nAnd everytime someone orders a hot sub the entire staff yells HOT STUFF!\n It's frickin Annoying! !!!!!!!!!! And serves no purpose! Quit it!
Great Coke Floats and Memorabilia.  Even though you may be tempted I would not try the cokes from around the world for it is disghusting LOL...  ok well.. maybe once.. but it is pretty nasty.  An overall fun experience.
This place has gone downhill. The sushi was frozen and falling apart. The ahi seemed freezer burned. We'll be looking for a new sushi place after tonight.
My wife and my daughter love them, but it was just okay for me. I found my lemon cupcake to be a bit crumbly.\n\nChocolate, tuxedo, red velvent, cookies & cream, they have a changing menu of flavors. Plus brownies and cookies and a few other things.
Pretty standards as Quik Trips go.
By the time you're enjoying your second Fink Bomb, the crazy retro movie scenes showing over the bar begin to make sense. Smoky. Smelly. Not exactly friendly customer service....wish I could live here. If only. And I've finally learned which bathroom to use!
Good fresh and hot fried chicken. Great new chicken sandwiches Strawberry shortcake should not be missed.
Wasn't thrilled.   The Bacchanal is wayyyyu better.    The dessert section here is half the size.  The drinks tasted funny.  Maybe chlorine.  Idk.   We left not feeling full.   Waited for drinks and had to go ask.
I really like the food here.  Nothing really stands out all that much to me so I'm only giving them three stars.  I came here because it's my dad's favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.  \nIt is really tiny and cramped inside so I would recommend outdoor seats.  The atmosphere is great.
Loved the food!  Great happy hour specials and our waitress was terrific!  Their homemade pitas are the best in town!  The vegetarian platter...yum!  I hear they have evening entertainment...we will be back!
Mike was amazing !! Called him and within 30 we met at Starbucks and 10 minutes later my screen was fixed!! Great service great price!!!
Our chicken was so over cooked we could not eat most of it.  Our enchiladas were stone cold.  The  place was filthy,  greasy!  I was shocked , my Dad would not eat any of it.  I will never go back.
Good food. Good service. Ok price.
Food was pricey for portion size and staff wasn't very attentive...even with the small location.
Debbie is a professional and she delivers a quality service. Her prices are very competitive.  She books up quickly because she's so good so call her now!
I would love to be able to review but even though opening time is posted at 11 the restaurant was not open at 11:25. Even tried calling and no one answered. Lost 4 customers today.
the food itself is worth 4 stars, tasty toasted subs-parking is not the greatest but its worth the effort
Saw this show tonight. It was a little slower than I expected but we went to the 930 show so maybe I was just sleepy. The show was good but the end CGI sequence was a waste. It made the ending super confusing. After reading other reviews I guess they changed it, kind of wish we would have picked another show...
Not very good and the bathrooms were very dirty (woman's). Had the Mongolian beef and general two with the house fried rice. No one could finish their plates. Not recommended.
5 Star Dive bar is right! If you're into Karaoke, this is your new local spot for sure. Reasonable drink prices and they have my Hunting Video Game! 5blks from the new house! I'd go back!
Best service I've had at a restaurant in a while. Preston, our waiter was so patient and friendly. The food was fantastic. I was craving Alfredo and chicken but it wasn't on the menu, but Preston made it happen. So awesome! Can't wait to come back here, if you want great Italian look no further!
I used to like Lola until I learned the owner is a sexist pig.  I will never visit again!
Awesome pizza by the slice!  Just wish they had an option to get a whole pie that wasn't so large.
Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's not. Everything tastes the same to be honest, so if you don't mind that this is the place for you. They have a great breakfast menu and the staff is attentive and nice. In all honesty the prices are a little on the high end for quality of food.
The layout of the parking lot is not that great especially the first intersection you come to entering from McClintock.  The stores are good though and there is good variety to satisfy most of your needs.  Clean shopping center with good stores.
Beautiful, classy place. Did not stay in a room, but played in their casino and ate at who restaurants (Terrace cafe highly recommended, buffet not highly recommended). Really beautiful decor.
I love this place.  I always carry out so I can't speak to the service but the food is great!  Very reasonably priced and good sized portions.  I can't find any good Chinese in this town but this place covers that need.  Definitely check it out....
So slowwwwwww. But pretty good gyro.
Never coming back to this Firehouse EVER. the worst customer service I've ever received. The guy taking my order John gave me attitude before I ever ordered & took 20 mins to deliver my food.\nGo to any firehouse but this one. Save yourself the trouble
Excellent! Delicious flavors including no sugar added options! Great toppings!
It was just ok, all of the lions were asleep with their backs turned, so i dont feel I can give a true review
I liked the food, the comedians, the look of the place.. .but it smelled horrible, like stale beer and garbage and gross feet. The smell was really distracting :(
Braised pork belly -YUM YUM YUM!!
What the hell happened to this place...maybe I'm being a stickler about a buffet but this is just depressing.  No fried calamari......All the food is cold at the start of dinner.  Crab legs are like dried up carrots...never again.
The Visulite consistently ranks in my \"Top 3 Venues to See Live Music\" category.   The bar staff is efficient and drink prices are reasonable.  The variety of shows booked hear ensure that there's something for everyone to enjoy.
I love everything about this restaurant! The food, the decor, the service are all great! The tonkatsu I had was soooo juicy, and also the potato salad is awesome! can't wait to go back for lunch tomorrow. lol
In these depressed economic times, it is refreshing for a city to offer a free activity.  I'm Chinese and I'm all about free.  I enjoyed an hour of wandering around, drinking free wine and enjoying some good local art.  I suggest you do the same on a Thursday night.
Dr. Bracken and his staff are top notch! They actually care about you and your pets. They worked with me and my husband to get our puppies in on time for their 9 week shots even though the schedule was full. Such a great team of knowledgable people!!
Do NOT go. \n\nMost unfriendly and bored hairdresser I've ever had. Did not even ask how I wanted it before cutting. Or at any time while he was cutting. A stone would've been more professional. Will not revisit.
Salmon dish is fantastic!  Every time I've been there the service is great and the food excellent. Decided to have a bridal shower there and the service was the best . Have not experienced that friendliness and help in a long time. The manager was great and very accommodating.  Would definitely do it there again.
Best Chinese food around in LV.
My friend just ordered a sandwich from here and the bottom her bread has mold on it. How disgusting. It should deserve 0 stars but it wouldn't allow me to. This mall is really going down hill into the dumps
Very bad customer service. Too many kids work there and goof off! No management what so ever.  Never got my lunch meat on time once. Go to the store off Combs.
I hate this airport I always get lost. The driver can never find me I just hate it. Literally it took the driver like an hour to find me.
Here on business and wanted to find a good place to go for dinner went to yelp and found Marleys it was a little hard to find but was worth it. Great service, nice atmosphere. My husband had a burger was good, best thing was the flatbread chicken we would go agian.
Found a hair in my entree. Notified waiter who didn't say too much, quiet apology.  Later manager came over as usual to see how everything was. He didn't mention anything, no apologies...nada. Didn't take it off the bill either.   Not classy way to handle. Food was good
This place has a Chipotle feel but has more of that New Mexico Mexican food atmosphere. There food is okay and reasonably priced. Salsa really makes the food for me, and there salsa is just okay. I normally order there chicken quesadilla or get an enchilada and would recommend both.
Horrendous customer service never even had my order taken ended up leaving and upset. Such a waste of my time I don't care how good the food may or might have been, disgraceful customer service is unacceptable.
I have been coming here for 2 years now, and always recommended this place to friends. However, was recently here and the waiting staff was so rude with derogatory comments. I will no longer eat here due to the rude waiting staff and will no longer recommend to others. I highly recommend the owners of this establishment get nicer waiting staff.
Regularly mess up your order.  Far too often ask you to pull around and forget to bring out food. One good note: Ralph in drive thru is the nicest senior citizen I've ever met!
I've only had a couple of dishes here carry out & liked them.  It's not a restaurant that I return to frequently, but I do like the food that I've had there.  I've had one of their tofu dishes & something else (can't remember).
This is an older restaurant, but very clean and maintained. The decor is very dated but whatever - we were looking for a cheap tasty breakfast. My husband ordered the breakfast special which was $5.99 - 2 eggs, bacon, potatoes, and toast. Very budget friendly. This will probley become our breakfast spot on this trip.
Worst SB ever. Wait time is too long. Avoid this one. Starbucks on 91st and Thomas, faster servixe.
LOVE LOVE LOVE The Beat! Their sandwiches are fantastic, nothing is overpriced, and the entertainment on Wednesday nights is a blast! Plus you get to look at great art upstairs. Visit!
Overpriced pancakes....!!!  Service is ok, decor is ok...nothing to be overly excited about!
Being a chain and themed restaurant, our expectations were quite low when deciding on this place for lunch.  Needless to say, we were quite surprised and those expectations were quickly shattered.  Great food!  Highly recommend the chicken wings.
The menu is short. But all seven orders we had were delicious. The line is long. But really worth the wait. The boys are all tattooed. But they are really nice and cool and real and cook good food. Going back again is a sure thing.
Simple place. Decorated on the cheap but with taste. Good coffee and house-made pastries--kind of homey-made-by-mommy, but baked and served by men :)\n\nAustralians specialties to come.
Wonderful discovery  for us though it has been around for 7 years and one of the best all around resto experiences. \nFood was fabulous and atmosphere was cozy. \nStaff was very helpful and knowledgable.\nYou can actually have a conversation because there is no noise.
I got food poisoning after eating at this location, I almost went to the hospital after about 12hrs of vomiting and diarrhea. I will NEVER eat Arby's again
C'est bien mais les toillettes...
Terrible rip-off.\n Fried frozen food really sucks.\n The wings were bad too.\n\n\n\n(try Blu32 instead  haiku lovers)
Very nice range also got my CCW at this place great instructor. This place has everything from buying a new or used gun and all of the accessories from holsters to ammo.
Love the food here!! Love the atmosphere! BUT The service is atrocious and incompetent at best! Would have given this place 5 stars if the service was better...or at least decent.
Cool local reef store in a warehouse. Cool staff with a variety of selections. Prices are on par with the industry.
Huge disappointment. We have no problem with spending $25 dollars on a glass of wine. Or $30 on an appetizer or $95 on a steak IF it is delicious and we have a fine dining experience. But the Service, Ambiance, Food and Wine  in no way demand these sort of prices. They were all below average.
S&W has always been a favorite. We always attend several wine week days and this year was no exception.\nOur orders on Monday were terrible. The Asparagus was cooked dead and the Ribeye that was ordered rare came Medium. Other frequent guests experienced similar issues so apparently there is a problem with the kitchen that needs addressed
Love this place! The food is great and the staff is friendly! Everything is delicious and most of it homemade. You will not be disappointed!
Just love their yogurts! Very good selection, with gluten-free, fat free and sugar free options, plus it's self-service, so you can put the amount you want of anything.
This is a great place for a standard- issue bacon and eggs breakfast. A freindly and efficient staff handles tables inside and out with grace and humor. Clearly the plethora of regulars speak volumes about the quality of the food and the service.
Terrible customer service. The store manager Mike has the worst attitude - needs to re-think why he is in business.
The name could throw anyone off, but this place is fabulous!  It's not fancy, but it is super clean and the owners are great and cater to anything you want.  The pepperoni sausage egg rolls are now a staple in our diet :) And the cannoli are a must have! Definately a must try!!
Alright place to go for a game. Good food, good service, pretty relaxed atmosphere. Perfect for a Monday night game or a quick bite.
Like most Las Vegas hotels, a big rip off. They charge you for everything, including access to the gym and internet access.\n\nThis place sucks.
The company I work for uses them and is very happy with their services and professionalism.
Live music, good beer, progressive food...
If you crave buffet food then go here, lot of options for adults and kids. The chocolate water fountain and the cotton candy are two of my daughters favorite options. If you go with water as your drink you will pay around $10 like it says on TV but the drink adds $2.50 to the bill so its your choice.
My husband and I eat here every time we want pizza and wings. It's about a 20 minute drive for us but sooooo worth it. Bleu cheese and ranch dressing are to die for! Wings are always crispy and love the lil pepperoni!
Nice to eat where the locals eat. Try the Crazy Alfredo... now thatz-a-spicey-a-meatball!
I had high expectations of this restaurant and was very disappointed. The food was mediocre (eggplant parmesan), does not come with pasta, service slim and salad is very poorly chosen greens. The tiramusu was good. I would not return to this restaurant or recommend it.
This was probably the highlight of the trip -- it has to be seen to be believed. Le Reve was good, but did not compare -- I could easily see this 20 times and enjoy it each and every time. Definitely should be on the shortest of the short lists when in Vegas.
bottom line mexican food for white people too scared to go to a taqueria . every entree is 2 dollars more than it should be , but that said the flavors were fine . salsas were nice and smokey .
The burgers and steak fries very good, and the crispy chicken burger is also very good non beef choice. The Towering onion rings are shareable and worth a try.
Front desk was helpful and polite, with bright smiles. Rooms were fun because of the historical aspect, as well as the pictures and newspaper articles posted around the hotel. Clean, too :)
Oh my god SOO slow!!!! I've been in line at the drive thru for 10 minutes for a Frisco Burger and there are still two cars in front of me!!
I arrived outside of prime dinner hours and the staff seemed almost annoyed I had come in and disturbed their conversation.  When served, my gyro was cold and the fries tasted reheated.  The table that I sat at was also very sticky and the dining room overall just looked dirty and dark.
Great diner with a very creative menu.  You can certainly get your traditional eggs-and-bacon breakfast, or you can opt for a tofu scramble or zucchini potato pancakes.  What more could you ask for?  I have only eaten here for breakfast, but the desserts are tempting, too.
Takes so long I turned off my emgine, damn how long does it take to make burger?  Well I'm a personal chef and I know it takes 6-8 minutes for a damn burger, this takes 30 mins.  Update on taste later
Dr Nia has been my Dentist for over 20 years. The office staff is fantastic and always calls and reminds me of my appointments the day before.  From having several crowns installed and regular cleanings to getting in to see him quick for an appointment, Dr Nia has always has taken good care of me. \n\nChris Harvey
Sixth time seeing the show. Affordably priced, it's my first choice when extended family and friend's visit Las Vegas. I'm constantly baffled at how he has me laughing so hard even after I've already seen his act! In my experience, people of all age and backround have found this entertaining.
Service was very slow. The food was ok at best. From the time we were seated to the time we got our food was over an hour. I learned my lesson we don't go back! ! ! !
Great beer selection.  It's hard for me to branch out and get something else besides the stuffed grilled cheese sandwich.  Try the Wasabi green beans as a side!
i found this place by accident but im really glad i did. great lunches specials and spicyness of food is just right
I think their flapjacks are my favorite! I highly recommend. Chorizo is good too. Bloody Mary is satisfying although I'd prefer spicier and less dill. \n\nThis is my go to place for margaritas. Friendly service, clean and trendy environment.
Service here is going down hill fast at this store!
Amazing food and amazing ranch. Best ranch in town. Pretty good drink prices. Depends on what day you go on. Vodka drinks are very expensive compared to other bars. They only have 1 person behind the bar which sometimes takes you forever to get a drink.
blech.  this isn't pizza.  the steak hoagie tasted decent, but that's not steak either... then again this wouldn't be worst decision you could make at 1AM
Bought my engagement ring here. The sales woman was very polite and a true professional. She kept me within my budget and helped us find a beautiful ring. Also the application for credit was quick and discreet. I definitely would make another big purchase here.
love this place! the entire staff from the hostess, servers to sushi chefs are very nice and friendly. Our favorite sushi, and a MUST TRY in our opinion is THE MONICA --- yummmm-oh! :)
Not authentic.Chicken soup is good and it comes in a big bowl. Good American style Mexican food.
Staff was not as friendly as when went I went to the north store (why only the 3 stars...gave the north store 5) but great selection of beer and wines.  Heard rave reviews about the food but did not have time to try.
Went on a Thursday, no wait to get in. \n\nThe place is beautiful on the inside and the DJ was was good. He played mostly Top 40 and current club hits. \n\nGo to see the waterfall, if nothing else.
In my opinion this is the best place for any alterations, service is great and fast also here I found the best suits, ties, shoes and everything you need for a successful man of business, any party or any social event, but best of all... At a super price!
I have worked with Yong's for about 5 years.  They are always helpful, they do top quality work and if I ever have had a problem, they rush to fix it.  \nA few days ago I needed a design created and Mr. Yong sat down and created one with me!  \nFantastic people, quality work!
The best food I've had in a loooooong time! TRY THE GARLIC SAUCE!!!!!! I've ate here everyday for a week once! Fried oysters dirty rice with creole sauce potato salad and extra garlic sauce!
This place is run-down and sometimes the equipment (golf-hole displays) freezes. But they honor a student discount, so I like to come here for cheap, lame fun lol. Therefore, I can't complain too much about a 18-hole round of golf for $7.
We had the kahula benidict and the red velvet pancakes. Both were excellent, and the service was fantasic. They were very kid friendly.
Great service.  Great food.  Never a wait.  Good size portions.  Excellent vegan and vegetarian options.  These guys really know how to cook tofu.  This is one of the best Asian restaurants in town.
This place was amazing and the staff was so friendly! They even made items for us that we're not on their menu! I highly recommend this place!
We did not enjoy this place at all.....over priced,not even happy hour specials and the worst service ever. He sat and chatted with customers and ignored us. Just a bad atmosphere. Never again.
Great views, quiet neighborhood. However weird unknown fees that bother me. Been here only a couple of months but I love it, it is a little away from downtown Scottsdale.
food - so so and way over-priced.\nService - terrible.  Arrogant, unfriendly and never around when you needed something.\n\nSo many places opening in central PHX with much better food, prices and service - i won't be back.
This spot was all the hype it was even on the news. We went there last night. And was very disappointed. The ribs was fatty. No banana pudding and no peach cobbler. No potato salad. We won't be coming back. Very small dining room.
Decent food. I'd go back for quick Asian food.
This is a great new restaurant. I love the pizza, it's New York style. I also had the garlic cheesy bread and that was delicious. Everything I've had there has been good so far!
Very good pizza
Had the gyro lunch plate, it was only ok. The tzatziki sauce was runny and there wasn't enough.
place was filthy, last time.  all tables were dirty, counter, doors, windows.. nasty.
Great grocery store for halal meat and what not. The restaurant is better for take out food as there is very limited room to eat there.
Service here last night was a little on the slow side - and the place was half empty at 7pm. However, the food is very good. I also love how their menu includes photos of every plate. They roast hatch chilies and brew their own beer here. The decor is like an over the top Mexican fiesta.
I don't ordinarily rate chain operated businesses, but a manager at this Fry's offered five-star service at this otherwise three-star grocery store. Everything else was about as you would expect from a Fry's Marketplace store.
Grandma's Pie is amazing.  Other faves:  the meatballs, chicken Parmesan, and even the garlic knots!   The cannoli are also very good (they are individually made to order).  Only downside: service is hit or miss.
Just like your neighborhood Chinese restaurant - only the food is incredible - and truly spiced.  Definitely worth a visit or for takeout - especially if you love some heat in your meal.
Enjoyed brunch here before the Fiesta Bowl. I ordered Richardson's Combo and could not have been more happy - creamy jalapeno benedict with pork loin, two enchiladas, and asparagus. Easily the best chicken enchilada I've ever had.
Perhaps it was just a bad day, but our order was messed up multiple times & under cooked.  On the plus side we received a free drink coupon without even asking.   Espresso tastes average, like a Starbucks.  Great location in an attractive neighborhood.
I am from LA and this place be ghetto! The drink specials are cool, but the food is whatever's. I had crab cakes and steamed shrimp for dinner. I could have taken the food out of frozen box, and served it myself.
$5.99 gyro meal is amazing. The gyros are stuffed with delicious meat. I would prefer a little more tzatziki sauce, but thats just personal preference.
Small portions, uninspiring food, and very overpriced for what you get. Service was fine, but the Social House was 1000x better.
These guys know what the heck they are\ndoing. Not only are they very knowledgable, they are very affordable. They are a family owned and oersted business, and really care about their customers. Should you ever have any garage door needs, call Triple B Garage Doors.
The food wasn't that great- so I'm not a fan - the salad was the only thing worth eating
Not good at all!! The meat was flavorless and the salsa was water down.  I didn't care for my meal and it upset my stomach. I will not go back to this place. Poor quality in food!
Sizzling rice soup is amazing!
LOVE this place - they are always busy, so if you're in a hurry call ahead and it should be ready by the time you get there.  Their Al Pastor burrito and Texas Burrito are insane! Also heard props about the California burrito.  Never had a bad meal yet - we go all the time!
The dough is delicious. The sauce is scrumptious. Best pizza in Green Valley, hands down.
Oh, I like Panera. I love their you pick two combos. Awesome grilled cheese and tomato soup and desserts. It's a nice place to hang out while you're waiting for your car to get inspected.
Warning:  Do NOT go here for breakfast.  Dinner is okay but breakfast is probably not a good idea.  I have to say that their mochas are tasty (when they are hot)
Daniel was very helpful in laying out a plan to keep my pool clean and clear all year long. Great customer service. I will definitely be back soon.
love this place  everyone is so nice and the food is awesome! Eddie is the man. He always remembers me and my boyfriend and our usual orders. More than satisfied every time!
For twenty one dollars for a hair cut I thought I would get more than just a cut with the clippers.  To be honest it was kind of like going to Great Clips.  Nothing fancy just a quick hair cut so they can get the people out of the doors.
I'm usually skeptical of anything French and anything bistro, but this place rekindled my hope for both these things. Duck confit, filet mignon, chocolate mousse was all excellent. What topped it off was the efficient service. Got in, got out in an hour!
Totally breathtaking!  At the apex you're 550 feet above the strip. You can see everything. Must do!  The only thing I would do different is doing it at night.
I'm not a big a big fan of burgers but this was the best burger I've ever had! Great sweet potato tots and mini cupcakes too!
Amazing Pork Adobo!..Loved the live music :)
Netflix is awesome. I am not sure how renting videos could be any easier. I just wish they would rent some games to me as well... oh well.\n\nUpdate: They never have any new content regarding feature films.
Great food. The il Mangino pizza is amazing. Wings and fries super tasty.  Great service and super friendly staff. Will definitely come here again next time I'm in Vegas.
Love this place!!! Great food try the Prime Rib Sliders! Happy hour is always awesome great deals! Perfect place to catch the game. Great patio area and wonderful staff!
Great chips and salsa.  I had a Mojito and the Shrimp Ceviche.  2 Words:  Very Pricey.  The atmosphere was great.  It's a great place to go if you're staying in the Luxor, but not a place to go out of your way to visit.
It's a good restaurant in a really cool location (old horse stables), but for the cost better can be had.\n\nFor a steak house in this price range, I expect better. Check out Queue de Cheval...it's a bit more expensive but the food is infinitely better.
went to get my eye glasses at costco. the price is unbeatable except sears are having huge sale on glasses lately. completely satisfied with my new glasses. it took 6 calendar days to be made.
Great place to support local entrepeneur!!  The food is great and yes, they do get busy, but sit back and relax....the great food is worth the wait!!
I do not get the love for this place.   We had to go have another dinner later the night we went here because we hated this place so much.  First of all, it's pretty expensive.  Second, the pizza was so thin and soggy it was awful.  I will never be back here.
Big mistake ordering delivery from this place and the pizza was not good. Costco or Pizza Heaven has better tasting pizza and for a whole lot less. Never again!
I had a great experience with BiteSquad. The estimated time to delivery tracker was accurate and they had a good variety of local options. The delivery price was a little hefty for one pizza, so I'd probably use this service for larger orders, but it was very convenient.
I love this place. They have almost everything you need for your kitchen and bedroom. I can go broke if I stay here too long. They have little odds and ends you wouldn't think of buying. I guess their merchandising is working.
They had some good items like the spicy Korean chicken, seems like everyone likes the Kahlua pig, but they were out when I went.  Big portions!  Everything else was so-so.  Mac salad not so great too salty and peppery - not the island mac salad I'm used to.
Great concept. Healthy options and fresh juices. You won't be disappointed. \nStaff was friendly and fun, you could tell they actually liked working there. \nA must visit when I'm in Old Town Scottsdale.
This place has the best carne asada burritos in the world!! Any time we are in Phoenix, it is one of the places I have to go, in fact, I went there twice on my last trip.  The prices are great, cute little place with great, authentic Mexican food.
So sad.  Love the rolls love the sushi but tonight after coming here almost weekly for a few years we are done.  I can no longer take the horrible service from the serving staff. \nFor so long they had some wonderful servers but now they have these clueless ones. Most of all Miss Attitude who always wears the sweater
I would not recommend this store. It is much costlier than the other Indian stores and the products they carry are old, sometimes beyond their expiry date.
It's Subway...tastes the same everywhere you go...at least this place is next to my gym and they get you in and out really quick! nuff said!
Authentic and fantastic, that's all I am going to say.  Well make sure you try the chicken taquitos.
We always come here for duck noodle soups. They have very good BBQ pork and duck. Their price is on the low side and their portions are good. Sometimes I feel the restaurant is not very clean, i just look the other way.
This place is amazing! The owner Tracy is cute as a button and so friendly. The malts are delicious and this place is just a blast to hang out & enjoy the oldies music & vintage items for sale.
Location-wise it's a good location, the staff is usually friendly and the selection is pretty good. Although the sales section tends to be more expensive for the same things than other Urban outfitters I have been to.
Julie our server was very nice. The Pho was excellent. We enjoyed the appetizers, spring rolls and the flank steak.  We had three of the grilled entrees and one order of pad Thai and all were excellent.
Very nice grocery store indeed. Everything is well organized and not messy at all. The fruits were definately of decent quality, well it better for the cost. This is one of my top grocery store for sure.
Poker review:\n\nthey have low limit poker here (1-2 nl texas holdem)\n\nthe action is ok on the weekends because of the tourists.  It's a small area with 2-4 tables going.  Not too impressive.
Yum!! YES PLEASE!!!\n\nLove the thin crust, and that COOKIE!!  :)\n\nWhen summer is over, it's is so much fun to sit outside and enjoy at any of their locations.!!
Horrible cheesesteaks!  No flavor at all, just a greasy mess of meat in a bun.
One of very few places which has NY style chicken chow mein. The egg rolls & soup reasonably priced but the large chix chow mein overpriced for the small amt of food. . Also the food made me sick so I will not be going back.  It is basically a little hole in the wall.
Nice boys working behind the counter. Stopped in after work due to the positive yelp reviews and got two delicious smoothies one in pina colada one on strawberry. Both were amazing and we will be back. If you want a delicious smoothie try one here.
The service on the other hand is kind of awkward. They barely speak english so a you're welcome and have a good day is out of the question.
Love everything about this place and I'm from Chicago
So unique and scrumptious!  We tried Arroz con Leche, Mexican Chocolate, Banana, Pineapple, Blackberry with lavender.  Each one was amazing.  My son chewed on his popsicle stick like a bone :)
Great place for brunch buffet!! This place is very high end. I loved breakfast, lunch and desert.
The food here is LEGIT. The prices are pretty good. Their beer selection is kind of weird but hey try something new.
Great breakfast menu and view of the strip.  We did not get to sit outside but close enough.  I wasn't feeling well so I only ordered coffee and the crossiant sandwich.  The coffee was not very good considering it was French.  Very watered down.
The best bakery in Las Vegas. We had the most amazing almond croissant here. The nutella brioche was also very good. The cappuccino was wonderful. Cafe au lait was ok and so were the gelato.
I would give negative star I could. The menu pricing is not in line with what they charging. This is illegal and unethical. I will report this to BBB and state commerce.
Love both of their locations. Delicious and affordable. Great atmosphere.
Gel manicure: $35.00, they chipped after four days. Very disappointed.\nHuge selection of gel colors offered, but they don't actually have all the colors. Picked out three colors that they didn't have.
I returned again - and I still think this place rocks - their rolls are huge their sushi is good and even though its small and crowded the staff is very attentive.
It was so good!! It was Noon on Sunday when the first opened. The staff was great and nice. The food was the best. \n\nI will have to go back. iPhone owners should check in with Gowalla.
Food is great! Service is fast and friendly! When I'm in the mood for good mexican food this is the first place I come to.
Stopped in for lunch. Nice Place. Fast and Friendly service. Loved the rustic decor. Nice wine list.
Great German atmosphere and real good food.  There was a good accordion player and the apple strudel was great.
Great stop for your caffeine fix. Big seating area or a fast drive thru. Staff were friendly and fast! \n\nYes, please. And thank you.
The place is dirty, the staff is unfriendly, and the food is pretty poor. I had the hot dog and my wife had a grilled cheese. Nothing special especially for $12. We didn't have ice cream so that may be good by the place itself is nothing special
Let me get to the point. This steak house is ok. We have other steak houses in Charlotte. Chris, Morton, Capitol,  Frisco, Palm and Outback. If you're searching for a good steak?
This is a faux healthy market. They have stuff with hydrogenated oils here. Read the labels!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nIts not all healthy Buyer beware!!!!\n\nI hate theis place. Plus Trader Joes is cheaper anyway
Such a unique hip salon with a wonderful staff!!\n\nAmazing Atmosphere and all around and incredible talent! Karla Mora I highly recommend!!!
i like this place. It's informal, inexpensive and it's kind of fun.  You have to applaud how efficiently it's run and where else can you eat a pasty? Some are great and some aren't but it's a good place to stop for lunch.  $10 and you're golden.
We had my daughters 4th birthday party at Kidding Around Playtown. It was wonderful. The kids had an amazing time dressing up and playing in all the house. The house structures are phenomenal and so realistic. My daughter and her guests all had an amazing time.
This was the worst sushi my boyfriend and I have encountered. Our local grocery store sells better sushi. Do not waste the free food voucher at this place.
Order was supposed to be ready 20 min ago...yet here I am still waiting...not even busy!
Food is great! Definitely worth the wait. I'd rather wait to have good food cooked correctly.  Just remember that Mediterranean food can't be done right in 5 minutes.  Just wait it out, we'll worth the wait.
Underwhelming. I got the smoked sausage, pulled pork and brisket plate. The portions were awful, the quality only decent, and the service was marginal at best. I won't be coming back, as there are much better restaurants only a block or two away.
Yeah so been wanting to come here forever. Not really that great all things said and done. The \"lobster tails\" are a bit deceiving. It's really just cut up portions floating around in sauce. I can say I checked it off my list, and next!
The hot smoked turkey was great! The bread was warm and crisp and everything inside was fresh! My mom liked the Chinese chicken salad she said it was really tasty. The sandwich was a little bland but I'll come back.
I love BBQ's, so if it seems harsh too bad, I am demanding.\n\nService is fine.\nFood is sub-par, typical BBQ fair nothing great or exciting.\n\nDef not one of my fave fives.
Really good italian food!! You won't be wowed by the ambiance but who cares! I ate every last bite. Simple menu, great service and big portions! Side salad had good green lettuce and my gnocchi with vodka sauce was flavorful and delicious! Fair prices too. I would definitely go back!!
Disappointing   ....Low quality ,high price ,weak customer service, not what used to be, poor management and supervising.
This hotel is a great hidden gem. It is newer, clean with all the amenities. Great access to the I-15 to get you to the strip in minutes. Self parking is easy if that is your choice.  Excellent fitness center as well.
Such good sandwiches! The meat is cut fresh just as your Sammy is made. Desserts to die for. Plus the family that runs this joint is cute! Yummm!
I cannot get past this place. Best Boston cr\u00e8me on the planet
It's out of business.  Nuff said
This is a business-class hotel, not for families. Great experience. Very clean. Great workout facilities and pool.  Right off the 101 for quick access.
Love this place!!! Of course the girls are nice to look at...... But it dosent stop there.  All around great service,drinks and food. Always have a goodtime.Great food deals after 12am. Thanks girls.
My first experience with getting lashes and Brittany is awesome! She makes you feel so comfortable and really listens to your requests. Thanks for making me feel beautiful!
Was informed that they do not accept cash from patients. If you don't have insurance, you can pack sand. Really? Wow.
The rooms are very so so and the hospitality was non existent, I will not be going back!,
The pancakes are apparently the big thing here. Literally and figuratively. They are pretty tasty, but honestly it's pretty hard to have bad pancakes. Otherwise, the other foods are okay -- just typical breakfast/brunch foods. Maybe I'm just not a breakfast person.
This place is pretty good,  I was not too font of the crab puffs though. The Pad Thai was good, the hot was actually hot. They were fast, friendly and not too expensive. I would go again but will not get the crab puffs.
Be prepared to wait for at least an hour.  I've been waiting for past 56 min and still waiting.  This place is ridiculously slow!  I guess you get what you pay for.
This place is still here but they expanded, so it's under a different address.
Great food. There wings are delectable. I always love their food and they are pretty fast for delivery. Thanks again for some amazing food! Definitely recommend for first timers!
The JCC has a great gym. I highly recommend going to Lyn's zumba classes, which are free to all members. She has a strong dance background and she's very energetic and easy to follow.
Drove by the other day, and it has a new name and a sign looking for employees. Looks like it's no longer Dragon :(
Small stadium with the feel of being in a small town watching a game. They keep the stadium up pretty nice of course since it is in Scottsdale. There is not a bad seat in the house.
Had a corn dog and really enjoyed it. Just like the fair! My meal came with fries, coleslaw and a pckel. All was delicious...
Unpretentiously charming little place I just happened upon after a wet cold dreary day of sightseeing.\n\n Had the walnut graham cake. Unbelievably good.
While the experience wasn't perfect, the staff made up for it. Sara was a great waitress and very friendly. The salmon was very tasty. The frickles were okay. The double dog dare was very good. Love the overhead music. The restaurant is still dealing with being a new restaurant but definitely an enjoyable experience.
Very good excellent service not too touristy in a very tourist area
Don't who the band was that performed tonight but they were kick-ass. Their spin on pop songs, \"Hold On We're Going Home\" and \"Rock With You\" to name a few, were amazing. Also, if you want to get food you won't be disappointed with the Shrimp Po' Boy.
warning! this place may be tempting for a quick bite, but no! don't come here! i was served a fish and chips that had already turned foul smelling! i ended throwing the entire dish away! what a waste of money!
Absolutely enjoyed the dinner I had here.   Service was excellent and I have some very good memories from the dinner here.  A true pleasure and enjoyable experience.  Highly recommended.
great atmosphere and friendly staff. Its always busy on weekends but especially bumping on thursday nights
This place sucks bad food and over priced you can you get better steaks at Texas Road House and for half the price I would never eat here again
Average eating establishment, thats it. It is an overpriced DEenny's.
The food is good, considering that this is Vegas where Vietnamese/Chinese food cannot compare to LA or OC.  They serve in one size and have relatively large portions.   \n\nService here is hit and miss.  Sometimes, you get really good waiters and sometimes, you just get those that gives you attitude.
Good, for a quick Mexican food fix. Everything is made fresh. I wish they made flautas, though! Never had a problem with rudeness.
Friendly, helpful, rescue friendly.  Thank you!
This is nice course, pretty and well maintained. It's a great course especially for those learning, the holes aren't way long. The shop and staff are nice and helpful.
As far as buffets go it doesn't get any better then this.  If you haven't tried it before it's a must for both tourists and locals.  I promise you won't be disappointed.
i've been here quite a few times but it seems like their food is going downhill. i had the biscuits and gravy meal and over half the country potatoes were nearly raw. with so many other good breakfast restaraunts i doubt i'll be coming back here.
Unclogged my vacuum, cleaned it out for cheap. Not to mention put on a brand new belt for free. Great service and I can finally vacuum my freakin house! Thanks Mark.
Terrible buffet! For it being the Palm's and renovated and stuff, this buffet sucks. It's not worth the price. It's dull and the food is terrible. Save your moohla, go the food court or walk across the street to the Rio's.
First time here and guess what I LOVE ITT!! eyebrows look great, couldn't be happier.   I live clear across town but its worth the drive . Thanks to the yelp reviews I took my chances and I am glad I did. My new favorite place.
This place is hands down awesome! Food is great & the ambiance is sexy. I'm a picky f* when it comes to margaritas... (No complaints here!) All I have to say is come check it out for yourself! 5 stars from me. Oh, the DJ was in point also.
Huge portions!  The build your own turkey burger is enormous.  Good selection of beers, several varieties on tap also.
I am a Breast cancer survivor. Dr. White is a caring, brilliant MD. She put my previous and current films up for me to see. She spent lots of time showing me everything. This has never been done in all the years I have had mammograms. The best!!
They must have made some changes from the comments below because I really have had an excellent experience going to this Prestige Cleaner location. Staff is super friendly and dry cleaning is always done on time. I'd highly recommend this location.
The food here taste really spoiled and rushed. I can say they are a lot tidier than DJ but the food is horrific. You expect customers to eat here please make sure everything is fresh and quality.
Great banking location.  Area lighting was a huge plus because you won't fear for your life of being robbed.  It's across the street from Paradise Valley Mall.  Multiple lanes of drive-thru windows and ATM's.
Bread sticks was awesome. The place was very loud and waitress was rude
In-N-Out is better.
Great menu.  Great variety and reasonable prices for Vegas.  My wife and I ate hear after getting in late and they were open - thats a +.  Plenty of terrific service, happy people and great food.  Its that simple, this is a clean, friendly top quality restaurant at reasonable prices in Vegas - who could ask for more?
Jenna Moser did my high lights and she did such a great job!!! They are perfect. Couldnt have been better. Jenna and everyone at hair attractions is so friendly and the prices where great to!! I Wont go any where else!
Beautiful center. I also love Urban Outfitter, Gold's Gym and Hotel Palomar being part of the center. I'll definitely be back soon!
The Baby Lobster and Las Vegas rolls are absolutely amazing! Great service and staff is always friendly. I have never had a bad experience here.
- The service was friendly and prompt\n- The guacamole was better than what I had at the downtown location\n- The posole was much worse than the downtown location\n\nOverall, decent overpriced airport food if you have time.
We came here for restaurant week and while nothing was bad, nothing was good enough to mandate a return visit.  Oh well, there are plenty of other seafood restaurants in the sea...
While the food was good it was disturbing to find an ANT in my drink!  All the restaurants I have ever had an issue of some sort a manager came and apologized, here I got no response at all.  I wasn't looking for a free meal just some concern about the ant that somehow got into my drink.
This place is a little gem for locals. The quality of food and the variety is wonderful. In terms of all you can eat buffet deals I would give this place 5 stars. For 10 bucks during lunch time you can't get any better than this. Palace station is cheaper but compared to this place it feels like a fast food place.
Review for the $9.99 Groupon deal for five jello shots.\n\n\nNot much to say really. Groupon was easy to redeem. No line around 10 PM. Got the jello shots in grape and apple.. Wasn't really that good.
My favorite club in Vegas since it opened a few years ago--and it just doesn't get old.  \n\nTONS of bottle service tables inside and outside, a beautiful pool, casino, a pretty good looking and mixed crowd and good music!\n\nNever a dull moment here!
Yum!  The pastries here are wonderful and remind me so much of a French patisserie!  Well done!
Excellent food!! Colby meatball amazing. Definitely ho to this restaurant when in Vegas
Definitely the best meal I've had in Pittsburgh, but that certainly does come at a high cost.  The tasting menu is great and when paired with that delightful view, makes for a quite a special meal/night.\n\nSplurge indeed but well worth it.
personally been there twice, never had a problem or saw any of the complaints others have mentioned\nblows away hometown buffet\nmy only gripe is trying to get a large piece of steak instead of small ones\nbut it's always been cooked med rare to my liking\nlove the bread pudding
I mean it when I say this place is as good as it gets- they have worked on every care I have ever owned and I have never been disappointed. I send all my friends and family there and they have had the same experience.
Thank god that I had a groupon for here because I would not be to trilled if I had to pay the full price. The food was ok but I server was just not on top of things. I think that's what made me not want to return here.
I feel like I'm in the ghetto when I come here. It seems almost as bad as the walmart that's right off base. There's always a long line and not enough cashiers. Its not that organized and I'm constantly wandering trying to find what I want. I'd rather go to target.
We stay here but the bathroom door lock was broken.  The room was nice the hotel was big.  Alot of stuff to see but our view wasn't great because we were looking at the back side of the Hotel all we to check out was the room and parking.  We should of  ask for a view.
I see Dr. Litchfield regularly. He's a Harvard-trained endocrinologist so knows his stuff. Nurses and MAs are nice and competent. Some of the scheduling staff can be a bit surly at times but they're probably quite busy. Overall, highly recommend this office!
Food was ok. I've always loved Indian food and have tried it at many different places including India. This place will definitely get you out of a bind if you're craving some Naan.
Can I say  Wow!!! This is the most Classiest Hotel/ Casino in Vegas. This beats Encore x10!! They put style in everything from the lobby to the parking areas! \nThere is not a dull look anywhere in side this property.  The staff is very helpful with everything. Its a must go!
Great pizza.  As others have said its off strip, yet close to the hard rock.  I'm a local and always bring my NY clients here to show them just how great Vegas pizza is.  Havn't had a single one not be impressed.\n\nThere is limited seating inside and some seating outside.
Monica did a great job! She makes sure you like your eyebrows. If you are unsure she will suggest different options for you to decide. Overall great atmosphere and price
Overrated, trying too hard and wifi too slow to use. Copper Star is like if Lux and Long John Silver's (what's with the front-lit, cartoony menus on the wall?) had a baby. \n\nAt least they serve Oregon Chai.
Best in town! Family friendly too!
really nice guys that work here and the product was amazing! try the bratwurst!
Pretty quite.. Cool clothes and selection. Good customer service. The floor supervisor was helpful. No pressure on selling their items. I would comeback here
Great sushi quality for such casual settings! Basic sushis as well an in-house creations are offered for takeout or dine in for a great price (most rolls under $10). Great side dishes available, such as tartares.  Vietnamese owners, but they master their craft!
WOW what a GREAT company!!!  Ralph came in on the weekend to remedy a miscommunication and completed my order in time for my deadline!!!  If you are in a crunch Never Late Printing can help you out!!!
Tony was able to put together two amazing standing arrangements for my uncle's funeral with only a few hours notice (and on the day before mothers day!). Everyone commented on how beautiful they were and wanted to know where they were from. Thank you so much!
I got a great workout!! Eva was amazing, I could hardly keep up being it was my first zumba class there. But she made working out fun!!!
Liked the layout inside, waitress was awesome and friendly...liked to joke around.  Wings were pretty disappointing...they are heavily dressed with sauce and a bit undercooked.  I'd go back to request those two changes and see how they come out cuz I did like the taste of the sauce and they were meaty.
I've both eaten in the store and ordered catering from it. Dependable, fresh food. The salads are really good. I could eat the Cashew Chicken Salad every day. Service is more hit or miss, depending on who's working and the time of day.
I used to frequent this Chipotle--my one and only fast food indulgence--until I found out that most of their ingredients either are or contain GMOs. I'm sorry to say that they lost my business.
Good restaurant. Great meat choices. Service was a little slow, especially when the restaruant wasn't even half full. We had a good time though. Good atmosphere. Good value.
Great menu. Delicious food. Some of the best sunsets in the world out on the patio.
Very extensive selection by the glass or bottle.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They have a nice patio also that has heating elements for fall and winter enjoyment.  Try it out.  Bruschetta is tasty as well.
Best cheese crisp ever seriously. They win. Enchiladas, tacos, salsa, fried ice cream, hot sauce, and bean burros are all excellent! Love when we do family celebrations because we go to La pi\u00f1ata!!
Best dive in Vegas. Great service. Gaming. Live music. Best jukebox.
Great, unique food. Awesome atmosphere. The hummus is fantastic, as is the goat cheese with honey.
Great spot; food ok; staff does try but not the best...love the views and the room.....
Come here great pizza.. Hand made..
This place is amazing! BEST chicken tacos and guacamole!
Checked into a room that was still being cleaned. Had to wait 20 minutes outside room for completion of cleaning only to find hair all over the bathroom. Very poor service and  service recovery.
If I'm paying you for event I damn well better have an options on music. The music sucks balls the owner is a total asshole times ten and the food wasn't all that great. Oh this was my First Lady and only visit I wish I never visited. Awesomeness
Try alot of them. Cheeseburger republica chicken japeno popper. Cubana  all were excellent.  Buffalo chicken pass on that one . Ewww
Nice size factory store for Nike!! They got a lot of selections with fair prices!!!!
Still vacant. Will someone please buy, lease, bulldoze... please do something with this building. It's huge. It's a bit depressing to see. Come on. You know you've always wanted to open an ice skating rink in Matthews, NC. If you were waiting for a sign, here it is!
Great wine selection, friendly staff. Wandered in here. No doubt, viex-Montreal is tourist central and this place is the jazz tourist bar. But the lamb is good. Really good. It isn't cheap, but it is tasty.
This place was decent but crazy busy!  Interesting with the J.K. Rowling history... we just happened to be walking by and hungry.  If you're going at a peak time, get ready for a wait.
I have gone here for about 3 or 4 years now and have noticed the food has gotten a little bland. It's got a good atmosphere, pleasant wait staff, and it's pretty clean. The food has become average and on the bland side, but for a quick bite to eat out running errands its good.
This bar looks like it just stepped out of the late 70's and I like it. They're lunch special is the s  steak burger. It's well cooked and the fries are crispy and delicious. Cheap eats at it's best!
This place had kind of become so so in recent years but the renovations have really turned it around and it's starting to pick up again.  They've brought in a bunch of new stores and really spruced the place up.  The new food court is also pretty good by mall standards.
Still working out the bugs??? Undercooked rice, SMALL tacos for the price....Not sure this place will last....We won't be back.
The best juice spot in the city...hands down!  Plus, this spot has so much more and the space is amazing.
I liked Le R\u00eave a lot, but wasn't as impressed with it as I was with K\u00e0. It was very good, but I didn't think it was as visually stunning and the plot not as interesting -- but still it was an amazing production and definitely worth checking out.
Walked down to the Midnight Diner on a frigid night in Charlotte... was warmly greeted and seated instantly... service was friendly. Food was good diner fare and the milkshake was above average!\n\nHighly recommended for 24x7 food, and its only just outside the main downtown area!
I didn't realize it until I after I started pumping, but it was $0.15 a gallon cheaper than the station across the street. Sweet!
Pretty good selection of stuff.  We decided to come here because it was close to the Bank of America we pulled cash out of.  Honestly, I thought the pricing would be more comparable with Costco--but it was not.  It was still better than your local supermarket, so at the end of the day--4 stars!
idlis (rice cakes) can be used as a good weapon substitute. hard and reliable :)
I did not enjoy the food or service here. Not busy and they got my order wrong. Then it was poorly cooked when they did put the right dish together. Management is incompetent, I called the Stack group to complain and they were unreachable and unresponsive. Go somewhere else!
This is definitely my fave yogurt place. Delicious yogurt, friendly employees,  and a buy ten get one free, punch card that we fill up way too fast :-)
Decent drinks + chill atmosphere + Irish Nachos (oh God yes) + lack of sketchy people grinding on you = WIN.
Definitely not worth going out of your way for.  They do have some interesting fried items there (like Oreos).
It's just a bunch of stealers. Check your credit card bill next time. Some of the waitresses add extra tips to their pockets.
Thanks to Yelp I found this BBQ spot the other day! Try the beef brisket with mac n cheese/baked beans combo and you won't be disappointed. Location is a bit tricky but when you find it you'll enjoy!
The place is either hit or miss. Either the food is cold and service is horrible or the food is mediocre and the service is good. I had a piece of hair in one of my sandwiches once and the server would not even reimburse me for my meal.
Rave reviews!! The price,  the food, the BLT Mary all amazing. Huge portions of food for the price. Dishes can be easily split between 2 or 3 people.
With a unique display and excellent selection Dreadnought Comics is the best in town! Owner Jacob was friendly and knowledgeable! Definitely my go to for comic book needs!
Was here for lunch and I think everyone should visit to try the grown up pimento cheese sandwich.  Delicious.  Also had the cheese and beer soup.   Impressive beer list both bottle and tap.
when you arrive at the hotel the registration wait is a line that takes 45 minutes!  talk about poor customer service!
I been going to this place for years now.  Its the same lady we see when my friends and I come.  (she sometimes ask how my mom is doing, but I didn't know she knew my mom until recently1!)  Anyways, the food is just like how my mom used to make it when I was a kid.  Pretty cool!
Fast drive-thru, slow service inside.  Hardly any counterspace inside, as though they really just have this place for the drive thru customers.  Food same as any other McDonalds.
so much delicious food. so little stomach room. i'll be back Harlow's...oh yes, i will be back.
I am indifferent to the food here. The salsas are kinda' bland but you can tell that the meat is lean and not fatty. Whenever this is the only restaurant in sight, I always drive around for a bit to see if I have another choice before settling .
Cheap, good, quick, friendly.... \n\nTry the Smoked Chipotle Tobasco on the burrito!
The only reason I gave LAX 2 stars is because my friends and I got bottle service. \nI do not plan on coming back here ever again.\nEh. I've had better.
Tasty breakfast, but place looked a little dirty. Not sure if it was because it was busy or thats just the away it is. Yes food was good. Waitress was very nice. Just need to clean the place a bit.
Awesome restaurant, nice vibe to the place. Waiters kind of hover around you which is annoying, but the food makes up for it. Get a steak, since it is a steakhouse. Also the toffee pudding desert at the end of your meal is a must have...no matter how full you are!
We had this company do a photo booth for our party and it was a huge hit. Everyone had a blast taking photos and at one point we had 14 people in there! They were kind, professional, and patient. Highly recommended!
Avenue 24 should really change their name considering its no longer open 24 hours. I've been here quite a few times as its a easy, centrally located restaurant and I am a big fan of staying at the MGM. We were turned away at 12:15am on a Friday night with many events going on in the casino stating they were closed.
We stopped in for dinner after church. The pizza out fast. It was that gooey slightly greasy pizza that you know is going to be awesome and it was!!!\nYou know that a pizza is good when your seven and three year old start eating and don't stop until their piece is done!!!
Great little brunch spot. All local and organic food. Service was friendly, atmosphere was a little lacking. Will definitely go back.
I only went here because my normal breakfast spots were really busy. Found the staff fairly rude and not very helpful. The food was overpriced for what it was. Coffee was bad restaurant coffee (brown water). There are much better breakfast options in town. I will likely not eat here again.
I expected so much more. The food here was eatable, there wasn't much variety. The \"sushi\" was rice and veggie rolls. I'm not coming back.
Absolutely wonderful!!  Went to AZ for a weekend vacation.  I wanted a nice massage before I jumped on a plane back to California.  The staff was very helpful and the massage was very relaxing!
Awesome small hotel.  The staff is fantastic.  They speak both English and French and are happy to help you with just about anything. \n\nThe location is amazing.  Close to amazing food of all kinds including French, Greek, Asian, Indian as well as close to the Metro and buses.
Take out order was wrong.  Now they charge extra for the wedge salad.  I regret tipping the young man who brought out the order since he failed to ensure the order was correct.
Was just here a few weeks ago on a work trip. Hotel was lovely, staff was very friendly, room service always arrived on time, and the hotel was extremely clean! The bed was super comfortable, nothing compared to my own bed of course, but the second best thing! I will definitely be staying here again on another Vegas trip.
Great massage however was misinformed information.  When making the appointment I was told one price but after massage completed I was charged a completely different pricing (higher) Lots of miscommunication going on. Hopefully they get it together,  great place.  Make sure you double and triple checking pricing before any scheduling also get names of contacts.
The word is spreading fast, Ventura has the best prices on ammo!! I accept noooo substitutes. Only wish they had more guns for sell but the sign on the building does say munitions so oh well
Super friendly service and delicious food. The desserts are to kill for!
Always fantastic service, very attentive employees, the food is consistently good, and they do a great job of keeping it together during their very busy lunch hours.
Good, clean, white-trash fun. I fit in quite well.
The sales were Amaze - Balls during black Friday.  So many selections and great items on sale. I couldn't even think straight.  The purses of all sizes were great. even the clearance was beautiful.
Great spicy veggie soup. Service is quick and friendly!
Genuinely surprised at the taste and quality given the price. The slaw is tangy and filling as was the classic Burger. This is perfect for vegetarians. There was great customer service, which I hope doesn't dissappear when this place gets as popular as u expect it will when everyone finds out.
terrible rip off.  las vegas joke.  wanted to spend money, got shook down for nothing
Great coffee, all brewed to a high level of perfection. They were using beans from a Halifax roaster the times I went in. They have a nice variety of baked goods inside. The interior is quite pretty, with some cool magazines and stylish tables.
Fabulous noodles!!! The pork broth was sublime and the gyoza excellent. It's a small hole in the wall, but clean and pleasant.  As is usual for this town, it was located in a strip mall, which does diminish some of the charm.
Decent IPA, I prefer Four Peaks.  Slow service.  Food is overpriced.
Fantastic happy hour!  1/2 off apps and drink specials. Very high quality food and service. The bread and butter is the best!! Fresh baked bread and whipped honey butter, soo good dunking in mussel broth or their super good curry crab soup. Their bar is also top notch.
I've been here twice and I can't rave enough about it! May I suggest going during happy hour or just eating appetizers at the bar if you don't want a huge meal. Eat your heart out Ruth's Chris!!
I was immediately handed a beverage and asked to play a highly entertaining round of cards against humanity. These ladies are awesome. Come hang out here.
It was Fantastic. not sure what to expect but was extremely entertained! recommend for all ages. it will have you laughing and in awe the whole time.
The liquor board needs to do something about this place. The owner is a complete intoxicated fool and it's becoming a problem. Stay away.
Great food in the hood.  I was here many years ago and forgot about this little place.  Very casual and loads of Tequila... What's not to like
I only go for the happy hour, the little tacos are good most of the time and the beer is reasonably priced.
Visit here as often as I can and never been disappointed. One of my personal favorites is the Turkey and stuffing (think they only have it in certain nights). Gets pretty busy, especially on weekends and Sunday lunch. Good home cooking, no complaints here!
I visited around lunch time and the food was not that good. I was expecting it to be a lot tastier. The entree was a  dry. I's a good thing I had sauce. I am sorry, but I won't be back.
Super pizza did call back and apologized and replaced our whole order. Much better the second time. Meant to post this sooner but when I logged on to yelp the review was gone
Place is okay, not really my type of crowd. Music was good though, rap & Rnb.\nVIP lounge was nice, but small and away from the dance floor, didn't like the PINK vodka though. \nOverall not the greatest experience!
Such a BEAUTIFUL resort. The perfect place to have a wedding and reception. Great food, excellent service, pretty view --from the sidewalk to the front door, class d\u00e9cor -- and (most importantly) ice cold cocktails. Can't wait to go back!
The city has weak, overpriced drinks, an oftentimes shady crowd, slow bartenders and massive spillage everywhere.  The leather couches and chairs are this bar's only redeeming factors and there are about two dozen better places to grab a drink dowtown.
Get a smoked meat sandwich and a black cherry soda. You will leave happy.
Very good Sushi place and awesome customer service but not happy about Sashimi not included in AYCE and no Mochi ice cream.
Wow, this place is amazing! So many craft beers, spirits, and of course wines. I could browse in here for hours. The prices are decent too.
went here about 2am after working a late night call case . ignored for a while . just left . short staffing and bad attitudes!
Bread for the sandwiches taste terrible, the pizza is awful, service sucks. If you see this place keep driving as a matter of fact try not to even look at it. It just ruins my appetite every time I do.
The seating is awesome and people who work here were friendly.  Its Vegas prices, so be ready to pay 7 USD + for a beer.  I liked the decor. Its kind of dark, but I will hang out here again for sure.....
spending the night here in Charlotte.  Great lobby bar and nice rooms,  Not close to downtown, but a 15 minute drive away.\n\nI'd stay here again.
This restaurant is small, clean and is conveniently located inside the Gold Coast casino. It's average, I've had better service and quality food elsewhere.
We order number one and three. The tonkotsu ramen and shoyutonkotsu ramen. Those are pretty good. I would not recommend the gyoza. Taste like my cooking skill. Gyoza is not crispy and very oily.
Red velvet pancakes & garlic fried rice. The end!
Do not go to this place!  The owner Doug is rude and spends his time talking negatively about customers and other businesses. Such a turn off when you pay money for services and overhear such mean and negative comments!
Unfortunately the phone number is out of service.
Very clean for a robertos very fast.  Food was amazing I have been to other robertos and they were filthy and slow..
Fkuvking smells like a$$ inside this place... Food was alright but good lord did it smell.... Been there once and won't ever go back!
This bar is the shit. I get my drink on, smoke a cigar, and they even bring a specific cigar tray. Thanks!!!
Horrible atmosphere, food marginal at best, bad cocktails
Delicious!!! Fried Chicken was a 10. Pulled pork was delicious and the kids hot dog was a thumbs up according to my 5 year old and my 10 year old said his fish and chips was awesome. Great service too from Gloria.
If you are near the Woodlea / Melrose area in Phoenix and are hungry...go here!  Great friendly service, great food, reasonable prices!  The coconut soup is fabulous, all of the curry dishes are fantastic, and the Thai E San sausage (listed with the salads) is really, really good!
The H2O pool its for hotel guests only, you won't miss anything. Skip the elderly crowd and just head to the Strip if you are looking for a pool party.
Christmas season. 6 minutes to closing... \nConversation: \nWe are closing unless you know what you want. \nSo, we should leave because we aren't sure? \nYeah, we are closing.\nUmm... Ok. Bye
Perfect place for kids! Grassy fields and plenty of shade make great picnic spots. The train rides, museum and playgrounds provide just the right amount of fun for little ones. Rides don't start until 10:00 (9:00 in the summer) so time your visit appropriately!
Today is 9/22/13.  Bought a USS Carl Flagg for $2k.  To date no one has contacted me about when i can expect my purchase to arrive.  I bought this for my son in-person on 9/6/13.  A complete lack of customer service from this company.
Sadly, we had a bad experience that last time visiting Picazzo's.  I don't think we'll go back.  We ordered our favorites, but this time each dish was poorly made.
A RC wedged into a corporate park with great veiws of the parking deck. Below average service and food. The strip steak was fatty and seemed to be boiled in butter. Yuck. The wine was red and delish.
Price is a little steep for the quality and selection of the food but I guess I can appreciate an Asian Style AYCE with unlimited desserts and shrimp tempura.
Both bars served terrible drinks. One didn't wash the cleaner out of the glass enough, the other didn't seem to notice the mixer was flat. If you want to tolerate awful remixes and bad drinks this may be an option. If you want a decent drink in a good (not desperate) atmosphere, stay away! Never going back again.
The employees are helpful, they are always OPEN, I am new to the area, and I can really rely to go to this Walmart.
Try their lamb burger, yumm! Service can be bit cold and slow, which I take one star off.
I haven't actually been to Bosa Donuts.  However, I work about a mile away and at least once a week someone brings some in.\n\nBest donuts ever?  I think i'll agree.
We went for celebrate our anniversary with my wife.We ate just two appetezier 2 lbs fish and salad.Guess how much we paid.328.00$never go back again.This is first and last.
I cant understand how this place is still in business, the food is over priced, the quantity is little unless you like lots of bread but not enough meat for the $8 sandwich. went  there 2 times and will not go back again.
Worst customer service very sloppy wish I would had read the reviews first ..this place is really bad people do not come here, bad business .no stars on my place
Bought a Groupon for this place and used it on a Saturday afternoon after hiking.  The food was amazing and the waitress was super awesome.  They served us complimentary tamales because it was our first time eating there!  \n\nI've been back a couple of times since and intend to keep doing so!
great food...great value...gotta go early...usually busy!!!
A fabulous airport. Eat at Chelsea's kitchen if you have a minute or get take out if you don't. TSA was pleasant, jovial and quick - how often can you say that?
Bumping the store down a notch for lack of customer service skills when answering the phone.
Very good authentic tasting broth.  I will go again
I meet many clients for coffee. This is not the place to go. The staff are friendly and drinks are the typical drink, but there is very little seating. There are more seats in grocery store Starbucks. Whomever designed this location was not thinking. I would only recommend here for a drive through location.
Was here supporting a convention the last week of June 2010.  Had a standard room that seemed a little tired, especially the carpet.  My recent stays at The Palazzo and Aria may have jaded me but Mandalay Bay is no longer the new shiny kid on the block.
Pho broth is delicious, spring rolls were great. \n\nOn the expensive side for pho, but location is great. Seating is tight as it's a small restaurant.
bleh. tried them once and even when im on a diet craving everything under the moon, i would probably pass up a Lulu's cupcake. they weren't very good.
Excellent service, excellent food.  I had the homemade ravioli, really good. Boyfriend had the grlic pasta, lots of flavor.  The canoli was so good we got another to take home.  Will be back.
My money was stolen on multiple occasions right out of my account.  They replaced it but geez then it would happen again.  I had to quit using that acct all together.  I still get emails years later now that say you just logged into your account.  What?  WTF??  No I didnt.
What a great lunch, had the mixed seafood  cerviche, guacamole and chicken fajita. Then dessert fried ice cream to die for...seriously.
Bar none one of the best brewspot / watering holes for locals in Vegas
Horrible horrible food went around lunch and was not good at all! I expected different because it's amazing at townsquare but this redrock one is bad!
Super friendly. Great customer Service! Will be going back here!
The service was good and the food was amazing! The staff is very friendly and lunch prices are cheap. Two people who order 2 appetizers and 2 entrees usually end up with a $30 bill.
Terrible spaghetti - no sauce meatballs were served dry...didn't think that could be screwed up but it was. The side salad was full of mostly spoiled vegetables and smelled awful. Would not eat here again there are so many other options.
Just ok pho - very bland.  I am not sure why this place gets such a high rating.  You are better off driving to spring mountain for some great pho.  Also, being right next to a cigar shop doesn't help.
The double queen beds are great for a family of 4.  Nice and new hotel but hotel needs to hire more cleaning crew. The room was dusty and quite dirty.\n\nWill not stay again.
The flavors are always tasty but the location can be a little more clean. Ive got to other yogurtlands and everything always nice and clean. Sometimes this location can be cleaner but still good yogurt.
Overpriced and flavorless pizza. $4.00 drinks n the stuff looks n tastes like it's been sitting out for hours. Should have gotten a cheesesteak next door.
Very cool vibe but the hamburger sucked. Its definitely not your typical American burger. Plus it was way too expensive. You are better off finding a Five Guys. I know it exists up there.
They advertise vegan but there's nothing that's vegan other than\n a bowl of lettuce. Forget about getting anything quickly even a  smoothie 20 minutes minimum... Really bummed...
Amazing everything!!! But be prepared to be charged $4 for that cup of joe!
This is now out of business.
My boyfriend and I love this place.  He says the beef brisket is the best he has had.  I love the spicy sausage.  The fried sides are way too salty but the meat is so good I don't care.
Just had the most delightful dinner at Christo's!  I found them to be so accommodating and friendly. They made me a special salad with blackened salmon to my specifications. Delicious! Thank you Stephanie!
My experience here is my go to for sushi! I love this place  the staff always friendly and there saba sashimi amazing as always!!! If you haven't been here your missing out so come!
Friendly staff, great draught selection, KILLER curds, classic vibe and awesome historic tavern culture present in bar snacks, beer signs and uniforms. Definitely try the walleye sandwich!
This salon has a soothing spa atmosphere and there is never a long wait. I have my lashes done by Ann regularly and I LOVE her! Only because I'm picky about my manicures and pedicures did I rate them a 4/5. Their prices are very reasonable as well.
I got a latte. The presentation was good. The latte it self was above average.
Great place! Everything is new, bright and clean. I got the deluxe pedicure with the paraffin treatment and massage. So relaxing, and my feet are soft as a baby's bottom! Prices are affordable and I was accommodated without an appointment. Will definitely come again next time I am in Scottsdale!
We waited for more than an hour and a half to get our food. It wasn't even that good, it was normal. But the smoothies were better, very healthy and made with real fruits.
Well, as of right now, Yesterday's has gotten rid of its karaoke. I'm super sad to see it go! Crossing my fingers that this will return in the near future - I'll be sure to update if it does.
I have been to many Home Goods location but this one is one of my favorite. They have many selections to choose from. It's bigger than other locations I've been to and higher end selections. Only negative side is the employees aren't friendly. They do their job but a smile on their face will be nice.
Half star for the decor and space, half star for their customer service. The foot massage was horrible! Maybe I got a bad person but she was rubbing foot and that is not massaging!! I ll just say, I had much better foot massage else where.
My all time favorite place to eat when I want GOOD Hawaiian local foods. No ka oi! (The best!) friendly service, owners work and cook there too. Family place, love love love it!!!
Great place to shop! But get a discount ticket at the visitor shop inside  TJMaxx  just by showing your passport to get even better deals!
They have a little of everything. Kinda the place you pick something up if you need it for a meal but it's very small to do your weekly shopping at. Prices are a little high in my eyes & the produce isn't very fresh. They have good prices on smokes & booze.
Love love love this salon!! It's trendy and extremely welcoming!!!! The owner D'lisa has put her heart and soul into this place and it shows!! Ask for Karla you will not be disappointed! She is kind,creative and very talented! Does amazing color and gives the best scalp massages, hands down!
It was good but not great.  Decent price, good location, good service, nice atmosphere but the food was average at best.  Overall disappointed because the food is the most important part.
I dined at Cafe Moulin with my extremely picky grandmother. The fact that she was a fan of everything was enough to make it a great experience. I ordered the tomato and cheese crepe and it was delicious. The small salad was a great compliment to the crepe.
I specifically came here to try the Macaroons and wasn't overly impressed. They are good but not as great as Bouchon. I will be coming back here I'm sure to eventually try other deserts and will hopefully be able to re-review this place.
One of the worst tasting and most expensive non-gourmet pizzas I have ever had.  About $5 for a decent sized slice and after one I was still hungry but couldn't do a second one, it was just too greasy and bad.
This is a fabulous boutique in Scottsdale with equally great service! If you are looking for one of a kind pieces, this IS the boutique to go to. I live an hour away and it's definitely worth the trip!
Please check your bill for overcharging. Another time they did not give correct change. Sauce is bland. It is OK pizza for Arizona. Not impressed. I don't even think the owners Italian. Some weird accents. Nice try, I guess.
Wasn't too impressed with their food. We tried a variety of their rolls and nothing stood out. Sakana's still the best!
Well I am not a fan of sprint to start of just customer service is not a big part of there picture.  :(
Meh.
Love the Arizona Ballet and their School of Ballet.
Great pizza!
I was recommended to Jeff  by a co-worker. Erika was right. Jeff was courteous, fair and honest. He had a great solution to an issue we had and offered ways for me to save money. I received a quote from another company that was about double Jeff's rate. High quality service and friendly. Perfect!
Capo's is THE PLACE to go! My girlfriend and I have been there numerous times (both for lunch and for dinner). The entrance is a truly unique experience, the place has a singer every night and the night we went was a gentleman who sang Sinatra songs.
Listening to a waitress talk about her kids going number 2 to the people in the booth behind us was unpleasant, and so was the manager standing on top of us trying to apologize.
Gas prices generally a lot higher then other nearby stations and an someone always parks in front of the air filling station. Likely this is on purpose.
Im going to update this and give kudos to the manager for taking my yelp review into consideration.  I do appreciate good hospitality.  I cannot yet say if I will return. But again, kudos for reaching out to me.
I really like the pizza and they deliver! It's a nice thin greasy style pizza. The toppings are a little scarce, but the price is good. Don't order sausage.
Sat outside with another couple and had a great dinner! Little pricey, but the quality of food was good. I love to share plates and this place is great for that!
My friend and I could NOT get to this coaster! Haha and we were sober! Staff was pointing us in all different directions. It looked so fun.
Hate this hotel.  It's old, no air-conditioning on the casino floor, dirty, damp and the guests here rude.  The room air conditioning is based on motion detection.  So, if you sleep motionless, you get no air.  Bottom line - never coming here again...
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The atmosphere will put you into a completely different time warp! The food by Chef GARCIA is mouth watering! Trust me...order the MUSSELS!!!
I love this place! Sally is the best!
Was satisfied with the work done on my car until I found out that this place put FIVE YEAR OLD tires on my car.  Disgusted!!! They lasted three months.  Don't waste your time.
I ate breakfast at the Egg Works on Sunset in Las Vegas, NV on 11/22/2014.  It was my 1st time there.  There were three of us and we were all pleased with our food.  I had their western omelette and coffee.  Plus, I took photos.
no thanks. half of the seats in the theater are office chairs, no joke.  too many other great movie theaters in scottsdale to waste your money on this one.
7/19/14 currently the shop is closed for remodeling, but they have a temporary store set up outside. They're scheduled to reopen on Tuesday. It's a little hectic at the outside setup, but manageable.
This was the worse experience of my life. They have bed bugs!
I LOVE Chipotle! Everything here is so good. This location has a knowledgeable staff who are happy and pleasant.
Very cute cozy place. Fast service during the off hour lunch. Food was a little pricy for simple foods but it was good and fresh.
Food took forever and came out burnt and incorrect. The only redeeming quality was that the place looked clean.
Come every year to Surprise for spring training. Food at all restaurants in town overall very mediocre. This place had nice ambiance, food was better than average, service was above average so this is a return spot for us.
Been to Yama twice and both times were awesome! My husband and I ordered the all you can eat sushi. The sushi were quite delicious and they also had a variety. Will definitely recommend.\n\nMy only complaint is that the price for the children's all you can eat was the same as the adults.
This was closest to my gate..and i was feeling hungry..so why not..\n\nI got the overpriced 2 carnitas tacos... Not legit at all..\n\nIt was just eh.....
Food mediocre would be nice, but the food is less than that.  \n\nYou can freeze inside with no heat and wind blowing in the wide open window at night or sit outside with a ton of smokers.  \n\nUsed to like this place.  What happened?
This place is horrible the food on the shelves are dusty or expired  the cheese was moldy the meats smell  the employees are nasty and don't care   how is this place even passing health codes.
Kids Tennis training is expensive but good. They have 3 coaches and group the kids into one of the group based on skills. \n\nBad Part : The coaching starts at 5 PM and very bad when both parents are working.
Great beer selection and great new food menu!  If you are looking to watch a game it is a great place. Try the Mac n Cheese!
Geisha House
Always the best! Love the staff and the food has always been spectacular! Had trouble finding parking and the guy took my car and got us in right away last time. SPECTACULAR!
Service was excellent and the food was phenomenal. We shared a 120oz porterhouse between 6 people... It was amazing. We actually had trouble finishing it! I would definitely come back.
Not ready for prime time. This place needs alot of help. The tables were sticky, the servings small. The prices high. The food quality mediocre. Did not try the coffee... only the paninis. I think they will have a hard time competing with The Spot restaurant that is almost next door.
Hands down this is my favorite store in the Kierland commons! The best selection is offered here with news things added all the time. Store is extremely organized and super friendly staff!
Scottsdale plumbing rescued us today from a kitchen sink emergency. They were promptly out here and finished the job so quickly. We were so impressed with the professionalism of Brad and the price of the job. We will definitely use them again and highly recommend them! Thank you for the great service!
Korean Chicken and Meat Jun was hella hype.  Dam I had way better.  Never coming back unless it was free.
Ginban is great!  Very pretty and delicious sashimi and some of the best soup I've ever had in a sushi restaurant.
LOVE this place! I work pretty close, so I go for lunch with some teammates every once in a while. Tasty BBQ for good prices. Friendly service and fun environment, too! Definitely recommend.
Saturday night BBQ was a real treat. This was our 1st time to visit this place and we will definitly return.
We were there for a conference in April 14. Our room was filthy. Trash behind furniture was from St. Patrick's Day. Rug was in need of replacement. Wouldn't stay there again.
The pupusas were gross and so were the waitresses with their rotten attitude. Never ever going back again.
Great cupcakes with an amazing range of flavours which are changed regularly.  The tea and sandwich selections are also pretty good!
Food is great and service is great!! Love the boba tea too!! Cute atmosphere!! Love it! Recommend to anyone who likes authentic food!
Felt like having some pizza so went in on a Friday afternoon.  Arrived at 3:40pm.  Was told I could not have pizza until after 4pm so ordered the fish.  It was ok.  They advertise pizza on the menu all day.  Very misleading.  Also, cocktail was watered down and very expensive.
Delicious food (their burgers are seriously the best fast-food burgers)! The service here is fine, the prices are a bit high, and this location is nice and quiet. All-in-all, an okay place, especially considering it's fast food.
Yep, I definitely agree with the rest of the reviews the clothes are priced too high unfortunately. All the staff is always in a bad mood or talking about each other to other customers. I don't know who took over but it is now crap and difficult to find something worth paying for. I mean come on, it is used items.
Smoky smoke smoke...that is pretty much all I remember.  I don't care how \"chill\" and laid back this bar is.  I think I lost three years of my life by going here one night.  Mixed crowd, pitchers of beer, oh, and some serious cigarette smoke.
I wish I could live on Jean-Marc's macarons.  Seriously incredible.  \n\nWe have had Jean-Marc cakes for multiple special occasions, and they are always fantastic.  His buttercream is to die for...actually, everything here is to die for.
There's nothing fancy about, rather plain actually.\nClean. Inexpensive. Quick. Good. \nFairly healthy depending on your choices.\nI always just get a simple chicken Teriyaki bowl.\nGreat value.
Decent and cheap Mexican.  Not as good as Tacos N More, but not bad either.
Slow wait staff, simple food yet overpriced. I work downtown and refuse to go here after 2 bad experiences.
Great food (best green chili in town).  Slow service which was a drag and they could stand to clean the dining area better, but, you can't beat the food....
Worst electric system. IPod hookups dont work and the speakers were blown. Butlers go through your shit and the lamps never turn off.
Sadly, and  they are over priced and less than mediocre food. The owner makes, in my opinion,racist pig like remarks...ranting and raving about politics which of course, is not the smartest thing to do when you are in business.
it sucks. You have to wait at least 2 hours at midnight on thanksgiving vacation. They don't give their customer a shit
Local food done ok, it's been awhile since I've been here. Portions seem to be a bit smaller though. Saimin not a lot of noodles or much of the other items that go with it. I was still hungry, but didn't want to order more.
OK, as stated before we are big HHAGG fans but the last two times, while here in Vegas, not so much.  This time orders were wrong, 2x, things forgotten, long waits for orders.  This is sad for us.  This place was unique and so good before they exploded with so many locations.
Good environment and service,good location which is easy to find,their Naan is highly suggested!
This place is amazing.  I have been getting my eyebrows threaded here for almost 6 months and have never been disappointed.  Mercy and her husband obviously know how to run their business as both the service and atmosphere are always on point.  Highly recommend!!!
Second time we have been here and you are closed before posted hours... wtf I give up on you
I was looking for coolant for my truck.\nSo I stepped inside autozone to get one.\nThere are so many different one, I got help from the nice lady that was working on the same day.\nThis branch have a good customer service and the price is not bad.
Had the eggs benedict and they were average.  The place was hopping though so they must be doing something right!
Had to give five stars for the breakfast burito!  This made to order breakfast treat is hands down the best I have ever had. Also, they are huge so I have them cut it have and my wife and share it. Tasty (definately not healthy) treat and under $4.00.
old world charm\nchecked on us 3 times per day (room check, turn-down service with chocolate, mini-bar service), gorgeous rooms, location.  Would definitely stay here again.
Good not great food. Did not quite live up to expectations. Nice atmosphere. Simple in approach. Great chef not clearly evident on the plates. Not bad by any measure just no wow factor
Great place for coffee, treats and meetings!\nYola's has become one of my new places to meet for coffee and work.  They have yummy seasonal specials and of course the coffee is always hot and brewed perfectly.\nIn addition to breakfast fare they have sandwiches, soups and of course their special waffles.
I love Tart. its very Pinkberry-esqe. From the lights, to the yogurt, to the toppings. It's a little pricey, but thats what heaven tastes like.
Ultra cool peeps, great service. Nice and quant decor and atmosphere. Nice ma and pa Asian restaurant !
I gave this restaurant several chances. Each time, they failed miserably. The last straw was when they sent me some cold, chopped up bananas on a stale pie crust and tried to pass it off as banana CREAM pie! WTF?!
Best SODA selection ever!!! Not opinion it's FACT\n\nSolid sides and food, nice atmosphere.
Qualitativ hochwertiges Buffet, ausgezeichnete Auswahl. 35$ pro Person, aber jeden Cent wert.
Well known upscale Italian restaurant that is quite inconsistent. I have had great meals but recently a very mediocre dining experience. Waitstaff were uninspiring and simply went through the motions. There are many places to choose from on the Vegas strip that will give you a better dining experience.
I stop at this location when visiting family in Charlotte. They are zero for two with getting my order correct. \n\nAt other locations, when I have gotten what I have ordered, the food is great.\n\nIf management could get the employees here to pay more attention to detail.......
Is this place OPEN? Stopped there on Friday Sept 2 and it looked boarded up. What's the dealo?
Our child has had the privilege of being instructed by these amazing athletes.  He has experienced such growth in so many aspects; not only physical strength and endurance, also with confidence and  respectfulness.  NB Taekwondo is highly recommended. It is a very positive place with so much good energy.
Don't understand what is so great about fuddruckers. Hamberger was ok. Yeah they do have lots of options but quite honestly so does Cook Out! And they are cheaper! My husband, myself and preteen daughter ate there for $30! I felt ripped off.
Hash house a no go!!!      Found 3 out of 3 dishes lacking in flavor.    Huge portions.  Chicken hash was dry, pork Benedict was more country fried slab of over cooked meat.  Bbblt was full of bacon but not flavor.
Everything is good here! Been coming here about 15 years I would say. Kind of slow, but totally worth it!
I gave waitress 20 bucks for an 8 dollar drink. Came back with drink but no change. Told me she was busy and would b right back. She never came back. Guess what? I'll never go back.
Such a shame. Had 9 of us. Two are chefs. All the food good flavor but way, way, over salted all the meals to the point we could not eat it. If they remove some of the salt we would come back ;-(
Great fresh mex! Love the salmon tacos with a mango salsa. I don't think you can go wrong with anything from Tia Rosas!\n\nThis is a well established restaurant in the valley and has been loved by the locals for years. Always fresh and good.
i dare you\n\nrussian roulette for hair\n\nhair too simple to be completely wrecked?  you think so?
You order your food at register and then seat yourself. I waited 25 minutes for cold pancakes and eggs not cooked to my specifications. I will NEVER come here again.
I have been here a few times for lunch with coworkers.  It is pretty good mexican food with great prices and excellent margarita specials.  If you join foursquare and check in there you get $0.99 margarita's, for regular folks i think it is $1.99.
The chocolate covered banana is great. You use real nickles, quarters, etc. in most of the slots as they don't give you tickets when you cash out. Some of the customers look like they are right off of filming an episode of Springer but that adds to the fun. If you tip the waitresses they will bring you drinks constantly!
So I heard this place was good, BUT was disappointed! It's too FUCKEN expensive and to top it off they need to manage how many people go in cuz all they care for is the money and not how packed it is! I am glad the clubs/bars in Cali aren't like this one!
Evidently no one sees movies [in Vegas] anymore.  Granted, not a bad place for AC and see a solo showing a movie -- literally no one was in the theatre
Best Chinese food I've ever had. Orange chicken was delicious. Mongolian beef is great. Honey walnut shrimp is different but really tastily.
Airport is a favorite, but why cancel parking shuttle? Who gets that business? How do Arizona taxpayers recoup their investment if no one wants to drag luggage in 110 degrees?
I only utilize Delia's for shirts and not dry cleaning. My only issue is that the high school help seems somewhat incapable of correctly applying coupon discounts.\n\nAnd oddly they seem to do it by using a desk calculator. One might think that a modern cash register would handle this task.
Just moved to Phoenix and needed to get some glasses. I definitely felt taken care of and can tell they care about their business very much. I highly recommend coming here!! :)
Very tasty I had the house chicken and my wife had the kung pao chicken.  For desert we ordered shaved ice and the pineapple topping was sour from being too old or left at room temperature too long.   So it was good, but the desert was a disappointment.
The best ever! Everything about this place is awesome! Kimchee rice++
I saw Trisha for a full body, 60 minute massage, and it was excellent! The small, quaint setting of the massage room is perfect. I have already booked my next appointment for a deep tissue massage with Trisha in July. I am thrilled to have found such a wonderful place to get great massages in Charlotte!
College spot; the menu is not Taco Bell, so if your Spanish is limited (like mine) you better ask questions!
The breakfast sandwich is delicious and the price is so affordable. I'm in here weekly now bc of that sandwich.\n\nPlus, the cooks are very cool.
They used to have this stewed squid that was to-die-for. But it's ALWAYS packed so be prepared to be squashed by a clientele with accents.
Had the seafood enchiladas...... yum!   Bartender mark is great and pleasant.  Gave us a silver dollar per drink during happy hour.  Needed help carrying them out!  Will try a wood fired entree next time.  Smells awesome with the pecan wood oven.
I have been working with Key Realty school for all of my Nevada education since I was licensed in 2004.  They have always been helpful, resourceful, professional and a delight to work with.  I strongly recommend them for all of your real estate needs.
Please tell Candace not to give customers their check prior to asking for it. Thanks for cutting my night short.
You could do better a chain restaurant. Food and service are below average and they are not even that busy. Man where is an Outback restaurant in Urbana? I guess it's been here long enough so people send us strangers and visitors here but find somewhere else and do better than here. My second time and won't need to try again.
If you are in Montreal, don't miss this little hole in the wall. Best dumplings I have eaten.
Great place to have a pint with friends. Good food, great ambiance. Also good if you want to watch sporting events (a few large flat screen TVs for your viewing pleasure).
This review is for both the restaurant and nightclub.\n\nYum!
I've been a regular at Aux Vivres for over three years now. The food is wonderful - the portions are generous, and the staff is welcoming. You must have their chana paratha and gyro to say you have lived.
I love this place!. the staff is always great and they get you in and out when you are in a hurry. I have tried other Bosa location but not all of them offer My favorite donut the chocikate Curler. YUM!
I have never had a bad experience at this location.  The Carne Asada in anything is wonderful because try get their meet daily right down the street.  Bean Nd cheese burrito with Carne Asada.  Their 4 specials are well priced and leave you full.
My favorite spot for a quick vegetarian burrito! Don't forget the salsa & hot carrot bar, yum! This place is always clean, fast and has great food. I wish they had chips with their salsa bar.
Lady was so rude to me on the phone that it caused me to not go. Such a shame that ive seen a lot of good reviews and i really wanted to give this place a try. Food isnt everything. Garbage service = no service.
The food choices are the worst in buffet history. I bought a groupon dinner and unlimited alcohol, and even the Moscato was nasty. I wouldn't recommend this place to my enemy. Horrible and poor service. Gnats flying around...a waste.
awesome pizza,  great ambiance,   friendly service,  I would highly recommend this spot
A very nice looking place, Food it was good, the service felt under the expectations I had over this place, so trendy, and pricey.... I will like to go back during the winter time here in Phoenix, so I can enjoy better the patio seat around the chiminea.
Very clean and well stocked store. Again, over the top service. We were greeted throughout the store, and offered service several times by cheerful employees. Keep up the great service.
Very nice, little place. The prices are a little high but the service was nice. I got a pedicure and the girl that did it was very sweet and talkative w me and my friends. They give you a cup of water with an orange slice in it, and she took her time with everything.
In brief, poor service, prices on the high side and awful marinara.  Alfredo sauce was much better.  Very good bread.  Overall experience, well below average.
this place is just gross.  we got a salad that seemed to have been sitting around for a week and the pizza was terrible.  we will never go back.
Store is fine but there's always only 1 or 2 registers open and VERY slow.  I would recommend going to the Home Depot on 51st ave and Baseline as they're a lot better staffed.
This place doesn't have much to choose from. Waitresses take too long to clean up dirty tables. Beverage area was always dirty.
This place is expensive and the portions are soooo small. The view is nice and decor is beautiful but that's about it. We spent $150 (including tip) for three people and left feeling hungry. Would not recommend this place.
Nice location!!!! I didn't find anything that I really needed but they had a good amount of items and the prices were okay too.
The wine list is great, the bruschetta are delicious, and the desserts are...well I never order dessert but I couldn't resist. I can't wait to go back.
Ross is a hit and miss kinda place. They had very little inventory this visit. I was super disappointed. Maybe I just hit it on an off day :/
a Madison staple! Everyone always asks \"have you gone to the Great Dane?\" Good beer - great food - impeccable service! Lots of space, beer garden, fun atmosphere, great downtown location!
Been a while since I ate here, and and couldn't tell you exactly what we had, but I do know it was a great dinning experience!
Panera is a great spot to go to for breakfast OR lunch. Even when it is super busy the line moves pretty quickly, and their food is always on point. In particular, their soups and salads are really good. And if you go for breakfast you HAVE to get the pumpkin muffin top - YUM!!!
Stay at this hotel, you will not regret it. Everything was top notch - the accommodations, courteous and professional staff, comfortable bed, and amazing breakfast. The entire place was spacious and sparkling clean. Try the grass fed bison burger and a pint of local beer at the holiday inn next door. Overall great find!
Tram's has better *ahem* \"atmosphere\".  Pho Minh has better Pho.
Overpriced and average. Atmosphere is great, cool place but I've had a better burger from red robin and the fries tasted  like the frozen kind you buy at a grocery store. \n\nI doubt I'd go again, too pricey for mediocre taste.
Awesome place and the workouts are great!!! Everyone is friendly and makes sure your doing each workout the right way so you get the best results. I've been going for 6mos and have gone consistently for 3mos, I am Down 20lbs and I've toned up a lot. I highly recommend this place
Their beef and chicken on the rotisserie was old and hard.  I almost cracked a molar on their crappy meat.  I wil lnever go back there again and I had a Shwerma salad.   Stay Away.  Go to Olive or some other place for middle east food, these guys sell you old food.
A little on the expensive side.. 2 small basic (not restaurant style more fast food ) hamburgers and 1 fries, no drinks , was $17!! The rest was cool for a quick visit. GREAT views for pictures.  Overall a good experience I would not recommend eating there though.
The environment is terrific with the luxury seating and spacious setting. Love this part.  However, it's been tough getting my husband to go as he hates the popcorn - a big part of his movie going  experience is having good popcorn!  The popcorn at ipic is the worst. People working there are wonderful.
For as much as this room cost, it's awful.  The furniture is dinged up and dingy, the TV is ancient and without inputs, and the toilet runs constantly.  I won't be staying here again.
Traveled to Scottsdale for a wedding and to visit family.  Enterprise put me in a great car.  Easy to check in and the return was just as easy.\nThanks Enterprise!
Tiny portions and overpriced. But, then, everything else on the Strip is. $15 for a tiny plate of chow mein and two tiny entrees + bottled water.
Nice job on my car tint.
Gyro Time has the best gyros I have ever had. I love the cucumber sauce!
food was all overcooked and flavorless,  Not the same buffet I remember years ago.\n\nDon't think I will go back unless something changes.
Great concept in theory and a very nice ambience with great bartenders but pricey drinks and overpriced small portioned average quality food options. It's not the worst... Nonsmoking at least. Maybe for happy hour drinks (happy hour food still overpriced for what you get).
We've been to Amalfi's 3 or 4 times and everything here is pretty much average.  From the pizza to the pasta, everything has been ok but not spectacular.  The people who keep saying \"I LOVED IT\"  must be friends with the owner.
The service was the best!!! The food was horrible!! Will be back to try again only because of the service ...
I'm not walking into a club where they wand you, pat you down, and then charge you a $10 cover for an empty bar!  Still searching for that perfect place to go dancing...
Pad See Yew is the best!! The pineapple fried rice is amazing too.  If your nice David might even bring over some Johnnie Walker!
I went to Gulten dye and made a beautiful necklace, bracelet, and earring set it was so cool. I set at the \"Jewel Bar\" for an hour found some beads and the sales people were very nice. I wanna schedule my next birthday there they have really awesome jewelry parties.
We were a group of 8 from ages 6 to 65. Debbie and Hanna were great guides. They were very patient. We were all new to riding horses and they made us all feel safe while also making it a fun and memorable family experience. I highly recommend.
I liked this place alot! The food and service was great! And I really like the ALL you can eat Sushi idea! The only thing is that its kinda expensive. Most dishes were more then $12 for 8 pieces. All the chefs were really cool though. I will definitely be going back.
My husband and I aren't just numbers at this place like we are at Lotus of Siam....
Pizza that you can get at 3 in the morning if need be after swimming out of the College Street bars. Or, if you happen to be visiting the library or discovery place, a great place to take the kids for a quick lunch.
This place is racists!  They kicked me out just 5 mins ago... Their reason was that i was \"intoxicated\"...seriously? I'm sitting here fuming!  F****u, I'll take my $ else where!
This is my favorite donut shop ever! They are fresh made every day and have a large selection. Haven't found anything better than these. \nWill be back....many times. :)
Awsome to work with...had security film put on our house. They worked quickly and did a great job. They scheduled a time to do the work and showed up promptly.
I returned to Spoon last night to give it a second try. Service improved tenfold, and the food was fantastic as always. Definitely recommend it.\n\nReview and pictures on my site
The results of an informal poll of my dinning companions could best be described as a shrug. The pasta and sandwiches we had for dinner were passible, but I doubt we will be back.
Holy hell, don't eat at this BK.  It's dirty, crackheads swarm it, there are roaches.  Multiple people I know have gotten very sick from eating at this BK.  If you're craving Burger King, go else where.
I would do anything for the ribs at this place.  Falling-off-the-bone flavorful and tender goodness.  \n\nBest ribs I've EVER tasted.
Nice and cozy atmosphere that's family friendly.  great food and staff.  They have a variation on fries called Buffalo Chips that is a thinly cut potato but they never over cook and burn it.  A lot of other places do.
On vacation, staying at the Wyndham. Ordered online due to plane being delayed and getting in late. Order took over an hour to be delivered. We ordered the Pizza Hut Box and the order was incorrect, cold, and was not fresh. So disappointed. It was disgusting. Avoid ordering from this location at all costs.
This was our first visit to Naga.  The food was incredible and service top notch.  We had the Lemongrass Chicken, the Pad Thai and the Crab Fried Rice.  Everything was excellent and the spices customized to our desires. We will definitely come here again when we are in the area.
this place is great one of my favorite happy hours and if you sit in the dinning room they crack all of your shellfish at our table get the shrimp san remo and ask for extra bread for dipping!
I love their tortilla chips & salsa!  Try it next time you're there :)
Love this store the variety of women shoes goes good with a outfit to work out or run. they have good deals. Their staff is awsome! and the best thing is that i dont have to drive so far away because they are around the coner.
These people really know what they're doing. A bit pricy, but you definitely get what you pay for! Great interior to the building, as well.
Tr\u00e8s bon et personnel tr\u00e8s attentionn\u00e9 et sympathique
Pay attention to the bill.\n\nCurly haired male bartender intentionally added $20 of drinks to my tab. When I confronted him he blamed the extra drinks on my friends who hadn't been drinking those things in the first place.
Not my normal cup of tea but I really enjoyed it.
I love this place. We try and go every other week. The service is a little slow but the food is great. I have been to several Thai restaurants from NYC to CA and this one is in my top 3 for sure!
Do not go in this place. Guys downstairs says a price and at the door you discover it's double. Very limited choice of cocktail and very poor quality. Place very small and bad music. There isn't zero star otherwise I'd have rated it!
Very disappointed with the open faced roast beef. No seasoning whatsoever! Service was good and the coleslaw was tasty but won't be returning.
I went here for Happy Hour.  The food was only mediocre but, we did only tried 2 items.  It wasn't bad but, I wouldn't rush to go back.
Potential... But the boring side table sitting areas being down the vice in the whole place.  Take that nonsense to Comerica guys
Very nice wine bar.  They have a good selection of wine.\nMy husband chose a glass of wine that was not quite right when he tasted it.  The waitress quickly poured some to try and agreed.  Then she brought my husband several other selections until he was satisfied.\n\nBest place for Mollydooker wines.
Waited all week to be bad & have some Halloween donuts but unfortunately this location didn't have much to offer \nEven the munchkins were lacking!\nShame on you dunkin!
Very few healthy and vegetarian options.  I ended up with the humus and vegetables, which were alright.  The mojito was a super drink choice.  The beer flight was a great way to try many different beers.
Great class with Frank
Trashy dive bar,.gross skanky waitresses who think they are hot,mediocre food, terrible service, only good thing is cheap drinks during happy hour.Also rude doorman.Not worth it.
Honestly, I'm giving it one star because I don't think it'll let me give them 0. Bad food, worse service, even worse \"entertainment\"...and those are the nicest things I can say about it...
Used to like this theater but recently I've found the excessive talking, cell phone answering and other shenanigans that are allowed to go on during movies to be unbearable.  Go to the mills or waterfront instead.
Food is like any other burger joint, nothing really special. Clean environment, decent happy hour, average prices, friendly staff. Their movie ticket/burger combo and lunch specials are a great deal though!
Beer good and cheap happy food portions have been downsized and quality not as good as it use to be.
Hated it! There was a red ink like thing on my burger. Garbage cans were full. Never again.  Yuck!!!
Awesome place for a working guy to get boots and work clothes esp Carhart stuff ....I have gotten a few pairs of boots here and also got a pair of boots resoled here and it was worth every penny
To stick a movie theater on the tip of the strip Is a bit random but NOT the worst idea. It's great be able to watch a Late-Night movie when your not In the mood for euro-techno, club feet and \"meat market agendas\".
The absolute rudest person and the highest prices of any estate sales! What an awful combination so do not waste your time by going to any of their sales only to get abused and gouged.
Good food and very clean but a bit pricey. So so overall.
The Garage has a really great happy hour.  The apps are cheap and the pints and cheap.  They have a really good selection of beer, easy to please everyone, and the food is a good after work snack or light dinner.  My husband and I will be back for happy hour.
Just got done doing this. Our tour guide was Jerry. He was incredibly informative. \n\nThis is the best way to do the hoover dam. I have been before and learned so many new things this time around. \n\nDefinitely use these guys!
Great meal, and terrific service! Tiffany was have great service! Would ask for her section again :) and I got a free Pint glass!! #tupelodoesitagain
Why oh why did this place close? I came in for lunch on Monday and it was gone =(
Lauretta was very helpful in educating me on skin care and was a pleasure to be around. I would recommend her services to everyone in Scottsdale.
I have yet to find a dish I like there. I feel like there are better places for Mexican besides here. Food was mediocre I thought.
Not sure what the hype is all about but I went with a group of friends and ordered chicken curry duck curry some sour soup crab fried rice. Everything was good, yes but the food is not better than Krung Siam off Spring Mountain. Lotus Siam was way too crowded and loud atmosphere.
I went here just for kicks and ended up really liking the place. They have great food and a great atmosphere. The bands they book are just mediocre at best, but that won't stop me from coming back.
I love this theater !!!  $2 Tuesday's Cheap popcorn and soda and there seats are so comfortable!!
Service was absolutely fantastic. Quite possibly the best I've ever had. It was my first time here but not my last. The fried ice cream drew me in and it didn't disappoint.
Second time this week. Great on the hibachi side and sushi is just as good. Happy that this location is near me because there isn't too many hibachi style restaurants in the Northwest side of Vegas. Will keep coming back!
Worst service here ever. The baristas give you dirty looks and are more occupied with their side chat.
Epitome of why small non chain restaurants are usually the best.\n\nAtmosphere is great (inside a historic Phoenix house).  Service is really good.  Food is unique and offers great value with super fresh ingredients.\n\n\nOverall, just a fun experience with great food.
Chewy crepes, hard to digest. Overpriced for the quality. Touristy.
best food and biggest portions in las vegas
The worst part of MGM. Will never come again. The prime rib and fish were the only thing can enjoy, the salmon made me even not sure what I was eating.
East Meets West and Apple ala Mode are my faves. Unfortunately, I have a lot of food allergies so I can't have too many of their menu items.
I liked the fact that it wasn't your standard pizza:)\nThe pizza was good but nothing to call home about.
This place is hella ghetto and nasty. I order a burger with NO onions and they put onions, the bad thing is that i told them about it so they could fix it but all they did was pick the onions off. Never going back again
Don't believe the hype. My chicken taco  was so dry that a knife couldn't even cut it. It's easy to tell that it was chicken reheated from the previous day, and not properly reheated. Fish tacos were the same. We hardly ate any of our food. Will not be returning.
Awesome, authentic Mexican cuisine.  Great service and $1 beers, what could be better.
They used to be so good.  I really want them to be good.  But every time I go back to see if they figured it out, I get disappointed.  \n\nI give up.
Phenomenal customer service! Came in with a warranty issue, they got me in immediately and replaced everything for free! Great feeling knowing my money is appreciated here and that I am truly covered under warranty :)
Looking for a casual, laid back bar then this is a great choice, good service cold beer and karaoke every Friday and Saturday.
Terrible.  I waited 25 minutes to get a 10-second answer to my question.  Implement some customer service triage instead of flirting endlessly with the female customers!
Slowest Starbucks in town...poor  management.  Employees excel on talking with their friends and not the customers so service suffers...
Great location, good beers, worst barbecue in the state of North Carolina. They \"smoke\" their BBQ in an electric smoker. Service is decent but locals avoid.
Way better than most!
I'm adding another star, because the owner, Howard, has really gone out of his way to make things right. To the point that I'm willing to give them another shot. Hopefully, after that, I'll be able to add more stars.
The food is unique & good. I have eaten there for lunch and dinner and it seems to be a popular place. My husband had a burger and I had the chicken salad. Good service and decent meals. I enjoyed seeing many of their dishes trying to infuse different flavors.
I just don't understand charging 8 or 9 dollars for a breakfast combo.   At least it's quick and consistent.
Well Pie Zanos is no longer at the location on 75th Ave and Bell.   After a short stint here it looks like they packed up everything and moved to 51st Ave and Bell.  The new address on their website is 5060 West Bell Rd.  I hope the change in venue works out for them.
Pricing was great they specialize on just sliders and are priced appropriately the taste of the sliders were pretty good didnt expect to have so much choices on their sliders. The Flavors were fusion some were good combination some were so so otherwise it was a good dining experience.
What a hidden gem!  The shrimp and grits is to die for and the bread pudding is the best I've ever had. Be careful going at lunchtime though...service is super slow around noon.
Always have had good experiences at Prime.  They have high quality meats and good service.
Little pricey but good contemporary furniture and the woman who helped me was really nice and not pushy at all. Good deals during the floor sale.  They also delivered exactly when they said they would, despite a major snow storm.
Yep, it appears closed for good.
Pretty grossed out right now. I've been coming here to 19th ave and t-bird for 30 years. I love this place but they just gave me a lemon that was bite out of. Yuck. But I'll be back.
Great customer service best ive had in vegas and awesome food. would recommend to anyone
Wow.  Friendly office, really nice guy.   I'm don't with the big impersonal eye care groups, this team actually cares. \n\nI've recommended Dr. McMullen to friends and coworkers alike.  Give them a try.
Ordered the downtown pizza. It was pretty tasty!  Server was really nice! We will definetly be back!
Ladies- do not go here.  My friends (all girls) and I were on the guest list and the bouncers pimped us out to loser freaks/bachelors who had purchased bottle service.  I spent most of the night hiding from hicks who somehow managed to get on a plane to vegas.  Terrible. F.
Back in the day before there were $14 gourmet burgers complete with locally sourced pickles there was the type of burger joint embodied by a place like Lenny's.  This is an old fashioned, calorie busting, get a malt type of place.
Work was completed promptly and professionally. Ryan did a great job with the repair and was very courteous. The screen was like new and we are very grateful. I would certainly recommend them for iPhone repairs in the future.
Haters gone hate
I got my first professional massage ever yesterday by Jill.  It was perfect! I had been having lower back pain and was completely stressed out.  I finally relaxed and I feel much better...even my back pain has gone down.  I'd recommend Jill to anyone who asked about a massage therapist! Thanks Jill!
I found their flowers and customer service to be exemplary.  I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.  I needed a last minute arrangement for a family event.  They came through big time with something affordable and stunning.
Not fancy - but good well above average food.  the place may be called the burger factory but i have been ordering the gyro - and it is very good!
Ug, never had been, never will go again.  It's a sad thing when Taco Bell is better than something.
I thought this place was just ok. It could have been what I ordered. I would give it another go.
Just made our annual trip to Puddleduds since we are in town visiting family. Always a great selection of higher end kids clothes at reasonable prices. The addition of adult clothes is even better.
Terrible staff n service!!! At least for tonight. The gentleman did not wash his hands after handling my cash before touching raw chicken and then cutting pizza after that.
I think they try a little too hard with the toppings and ruin an otherwise perfect burger. I have only been here one time, and I'm sure I'll return for another round. BTW - I really dig the decor and Sheriff Joe should definitely stay!
I concur with several other customers commenting on the owner. We frequented this restaurant for years however once we saw the other side of the owner, that was it for us.  Unpleasant and Rude is an understatment. It's not the way we want to spend a nice evening.
This place would have gotten a better review but since they try to rip off tourist I will not recommend it how can the place charge gratuity for 7+ ppl when it's only 2 people eating CHECK YOUR BILL b4 paying besides that good is good
Loose slots and great staff!! Cheep but well worth it Buffett!! Always a nice time there! The Mexican restaurant has the best salsa and amazing $2 street tacos. They have a grill you can watch your food being made right in front of you!!
amazing best dinner in years, Simply Amazing Food and Drinks.  Everything complimented each idividual flavor on all the dishes.
We have been here many times, great combination of Chineese and Mexican. The cookies are great and there is something for everyone in our family.
My meaty potato(brisket) was excellent. Service is slow and not good. Drinks are soda, beer and  black tea. Not having one hydrating drink in AZ is ridiculous. GF's chicken was too salty, her kiddo loved the pulled pork potato. Air conditioning woefully inadequate!
New bartender, been serving in food area for a bit, she is awesome, sweet and hot!  Great addition to the bar staff. Ask for Sarah
Good ambient and waiters are friendly.\nBeen a soon of a Portuguese family I was a little disappointed with the Black Cod I ordered, missing a little taste and definitely not enough sides available.\nWould give another 1/2* if was available.
Get dumpling pot stickers they are the best!!! Great!
Dave Jackson with American Financial Lending is a consummate professional who will address all your mortgage needs. Whether you're seeking to refinance or for a new or additional home loan, Dave is the best choice you can make.
Would not recommend coming during their lunch rush. Amazing food. HORRIBLE service. Dont expect to be able to ask a question without a nasty look or snotty answer.
Very rude workers,  extra fee for a normal sized SUV and no gas available. the Building was dirty and had empty shelves.  Would never go back again!! It was a very long wait for car to be cleaned and the car was not that clean.
Ate here twice because I was staying at the rio and, well, I'm Vietnamese. Rice dishes are pretty good but stay away from everything else, including the namesake: pho.
YUM! This place has fabulous sandwiches and LOTS of variety!  The sandwiches are toasted and come in 3 different sizes.  The restaurant itself has a hippie/music/marijuana vibe and has plenty of seating.  The wait takes a little longer because of the toasty subs, but it's worth it!
Tried happy hour and a full dinner. Both were good. Steak and seafood dishes we good. Sides were good as well. I wouldn't put them up there with the finest steakhouses, but it is very good for the price.
Don't expect to use wifi (not available when I was there) or be able to charge any of your portable devices (they have \"recharging areas that are always full---only 5 seats pers station and I only say 1 station).  This airport needs a little updating for modern travelers.
Awful....400 percent mark-up ...go anywhere else
great place, prices and staff
I was in the area and needed some caffeine.  The baristas were friendly and quick, and I was on my way in a short time.  There's  not a whole lot more to say.
By far the worst breakfast experience that I have had in town. No follow up by staff and food took forever, with the order being wrong
OMG, talk about watered down Vietnamese food! A great introduction for those who have never tried Viet cuisine I guess, but don't come here expecting authentic Vietnamese taste.
Classic SE Charlotte hangout.  Think AppleTini & Harpers with a cooler interior. Bit pricey, although consistent food.  Truffle oil on French Fries.  Aoili & Flat bread.  Foodie need not apply.  BTW, same restaurant group as Harpers.
I came in thirty minutes before close and received the best service - not only from my server, but from the bartender, and the manager as well. That alone speaks volumes. \n\nI had the pasta and it was on point, too. Definitely will be back for more.
You can not beat the Rainforest.\nGreat for lunch.  Staff is always friendly and the food is ok.\nThe atmosphere is fun and make sure you have a Volcano for desert!
Have gone there twice with family and service was horrible. Even after a year of opening. We never consider going there.
4.1/5 stars - Often rated the best pizza in Phoenix, there are better.
The restaurant and facilities were clean. I came in with a large group. The girls at the counter didn't blink, they took all of our orders with a smile and we got our food quickly. Everything was made to Zaxby's perfection! Love it!
Went for our 25th wedding anniversary. Service was friendly but bad. The food came out cold. The scallops were cold and under cooked. The steak was done well instead of medium rare. I would not complain on this particular night however afterwards my wife told me hers was cold also.
Don't bother making an appointment because they don't stick to a schedule. Also, beware that when getting a pedicure they will likely cut your cuticles until you bleed. I'm not sure why I keep coming back... Probably out of sheer convenience as it's so close to my house.
Beautiful show, though far too short and a little too well rehearsed, particularly her commentary on the songs, which does take away from the impact (esp when you have heard her say the exact same intros in old documentaries)
Great food, prompt and friendly service, pleasant atmosphere. \n\nI would recommend this place.
SCAM!  They put synthetic oil in my car when it doesn't need it (confirmed with the dealer) and charged me over $70 for the oil change.\n\nAVOID THIS PLACE for their unethical business practices.
stopped here because we were starvingggg. overpriced. horrible customer service and not so great food. I ordered the cured meat sandwich, it was mediocre and basic nothing special. \ndefinitely wouldnt recommend this place.
Kinda cool place, food wasn't great. I would have thought the fish tacos would have been better since the name of the place is called \"Wahoo FISH TACO\"! Nice place to watch a football game tho.
Red velvet cupcake is truly the best.  It's a fun time here, every time I've been.  I'm so convinced cupcakes make people happy.  This place is so much better than the humdrum cupcakes found anywhere else.  They have the cutest aprons here with the cutest prices.
Neat atmosphere with friendly service!  The white chocolate mocha was delish as well!
The food here is DELICIOUS!!!! The customer service is Great! It's a little on the pricey side but definitely worth the meal.
Pretty awesome. First time I've been to a kbbq place where I get to self-serve. Good assortment of food as well. Pretty big place to so a lot of people could come. Also open till a decent hour. Glad we found this place.
I've been here 3 times this week and really love the fresh flavorful dishes!\nThe food is delicious and the staff is so friendly...\nI'm going to miss this place when I have to fly home.
First time here.  Table side guacamole was just okay, but much, much better after we added some salt and the hot salsa.  We tried the chipotle chicken fajitas and were beyond pleased.  Delicious flavors and enough for my husband and I to share to make our own burritos.
I am so sorry. My account was hacked by a asshole ex-friend . I love your store. The original has to stay up while I'm going through legal crap. I am so sorry. I would never say that. I love your heels. I wear them whenever I can. I am so sorry. I love your stuff.
My son loves this place but not me. My son is only 4 and I can't really sit down without some kid trying to take his coins. So as he gets older and able to hold his own ill be more comfortable with this place. But it's def inexpensive though so that's a good thing.
Poor customer service, tried to charge warranty company and myself for the same service (double dip) very shady. Charged my credit card when no work was performed.
I love Hef's! Great small bar, wonderful service, and great food. Everyone is always smiling and I have never seen a frustrated customer. It is a great place for happy hour!
Really like Club 36; I'll be staying here for every Vegas trip unless I get comp'd a free stay somewhere else. The accomodations were really comfortable and the staff was extremely hospitable.
Want a good sandwich check them out inexpensive beats anything at subway firehouse togos. Service was awesome friendly two guys and a girl. Only thing I wish they had was a haberno sauce sausage sub very good
Best pho and bun ho hue that you can get in vegas... with pho 79 and westminster within reach at home, Kinh Do does it pretty good for vegas.
I like this place b/c it's close to my house. It's a little more $ than some of the other joints in town. I wish they would run promos/coupons. Always good flavors with LOTS of toppings.
We are in the area for the NASCAR races and stopped by for Ice cream shake which was excellent.  The apple turnover was really good as well. Definitely recommend.
I love this place. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is homey, and I love looking at all the old musical instruments on the walls while I eat. \n\nI particularly recommend the West of the Andes or the Carne Asada plate.
Pizza was not as authentic Chicago pizza as I thought it would be. Wasn't very flavorful. The sausage was ehhh and the pizza crust could have been cooked a little longer. It's okay if you are not a huge pizza fanatic like me but if you are then I would pass on this place.
Perfect for Sunday lunch. They served our family of 8 adults with ease.  Orders were perfect and served quickly.  Food was excellent, fresh, and very tasty!
One of the few left in the country. Needless to say there was no one there and every possible movie was available. I would come here if redbox didn't have what I needed. Otherwise, why pay so much?
Would have liked to use them, but they apparently are too busy to answer the phone. Too bad. Will need to find another non-dealership Toyota service ship.
Delicious!! Both savory and sweet crepes were tasty. We also loved watching them being made! Staff was super friendly too. Will go again!
Good burgers. Paid $12 bucks for a bacon cheesburger, fry and drink. Won't be doing that too often.
A log like a subway concept only good! Watch your pizza being made, you pick the toppings and the flash bake in a wood fired stone oven. Generous and Friendly. I had a group of 15 and we never felt under served or rushed.\n\nCould use some decorations.
This place is good but they are really slow. I thought it was just the last couple times I've been here but it's every time. Expect to wait 15 or 20 minutes at least for your wings. Fries and garlic parm wings are my favorite on the menu.
Been here a few times. But nothing about it is wow to me. The food is ok, same as the service. The best thing is there location. Other than that there are many better Mexican restaurants in the area with better pricing and service. Don Pedro's and Cazuela's being 2 of my top choice.
Our checkout date was mysteriously moved up a day. Luckily we were able to get our stuff. The same thing happened to the person in line in front of me. Seems to be a common occurrence
Great BBQ. The chicken is the best BBQ chicken I've ever had!\nCornbread is sick !!!\nAlso try the pineapple tequila. So great to sip with a meal. \nMy fav place in CU
Meh. Bar food. Greasy. Our server would disappear for long periods of time and it took her about 20 minutes to bring us our beer.
Voicemail full at times when called to scheduled. Left several messages on a voicemail to schedule. Never heard back. Not good business. Told Amazon local about my problems with this business and it was nice to get my money back in an unused voucher.
Really cool and fun experience! Lots of dif choices of healthy delicious food and cookies! The wings are awesome and I love their teas.
A fine place to grab an expertly crafted sandwich for a reasonable price, a little pretentious but that's west coast living
Amazing place to come relax or exercise a bit. Love all the green spaces for pets and kids. Even on winter the trails are clear for walkers and you can get a little bit of snow really early in the mornings
I love Thai food and have had it often.  This food was disappointing.  Chicken was minced and green beans raw.  I asked for eggplant added to my dish and it was not prepared correctly.  We left money on the table and left with only eating a few bites.
Great food. Love the no kids atmosphere. Sabrina is awesome.
First they sold us soup they didn't have.   Then they gave my sandwich away to someone else.   I walked over to Chipotle.  Mistakes happen all the time - but they should at least act like they care.
I have been to get my phone fixed there twice. The repair was good although the customer service is horrible. I was always rushed when I was talked to. The guy I spoke with was always rude. I kept going because of the good work and low price. But the customer service has completely turned me off from going again to this business.
I did not have a good experience at this restaurant.\nVegetable soup was horrible , Egg noodles were not fresh and probably were made a day ago. This is not authentic taste of Indian Food , wont recommend this restaurant to any one
I have nothing overly detailed to add that other people haven't already said, but this place is basically my neighbor and I have only been there twice. \n\nBoth times though I was really impressed with their quality, and got a lot of food for my money. Yum!
You'll find no fusion wankery here, just a good old fashion blend of two tasty cuisine. If you're visiting Phoenix this is a must do, it's an experience you'll remember and savour. Oh, and everyone gets a free cookie! Beers are pretty cheap too. Try all their in house sauces.
I was expecting more meat on my pho ut it ends up can't fill me at all.
A-5 kobe beef plain and simple... with the best service and wait staff
Service was friendly but slow. Took 20 minutes for a salad when I was the only person in the restaurant .  Salad was excellent a little pricey at 12.95.  This could be a great place if they fine tuned the service and paid attention to the details.
One of my favorite places to eat while in Phoenix. The service at this particular one is always great too.
Buyer beware: the budget pricing cannot make up for the downtrodden ambiance, decor and general air of this place \n\nHave mercy on yourself; and if you can't afford a better place on the strip, stay in motel 6 instead.
A very consistant pool bar with great pizza. My family loved the atmosphere, design, food, and staff. You get exactly what you can expect, that's 5 stars in my book.
This place was pretty good.  I got the MexiCali Pork salad which had a generous heaping of pulled pork!  It didn't have much else but the pork was delicious.  I looked at what the others in my group got and everything looked a-ok.  Which is why I'm giving this 3 stars
I have been a customer for over a year now! Nothing beats the beautiful lashes that I get from the professional artists here. I love the friendly staff and convenient booking process.
went their once and ordered the jane potato, it was huge, i like it.
How does a \"Mexican\" joint mess up a margarita?!?! Staff is friendly but that's about the only nice thing I have to say.
Yum! Tried this place tonight while staying at the hotel nearby. Try the spinach rice and Cornish hen...yum! Love the green sauce it all comes with.
One of my favorite places! If I had the cash I would franchise my own! I always get the get up and goji & all American wrap! Enjoy!
Actually, no star!!! Called in to inquire if we can order to-go because we have to catch a train, but the rude patron told us to call McDnonald's and hung up. Terrible customer service...
I think the rule to actually like this pizza and actually want to eat it is to be drunk.  I was drunk and I loved the white pizza with spinach. \nMy friend had the cheese pizza...she didn't like it.  She was sober.
The display of cupcakes is so professional and makes you want to buy one of each!  Had the double chocolate salted caramel cupcake.  Oh man, yum!
The Manor is Charlotte's art house movie theater.  This place has only 2 screens and almost always shows indie films and documentaries- look for them to have all the movies that the critics are talking about.  The Manor also hosts small film festivals.  This place is old so there is no stadium seating, there are also no discounts for students.
I am pretty sure I realy like this place, but for some darn reason I can never remember leaving ??????? geat outdoor bar with tons of room, sand v-ball, horse shoes and live music! one of my new fav places.
I've never had bad drive-thru service here and their food is sometimes all you need. Like when I'm hungry, and Darren isn't around, and I don't feel like cooking. lol.
If I could leave less than one star I would.  The server was rude to start with, then we received a grease pit of a blooming onion. And to finish a still mooing steak on not plate but two. I will not be back here.
A few things I really enjoyed, Actually they are the only things. \n\nThey had great Gelato\nAwesome Mac & Cheese Bar\nYummy Macaroons
Horrible service. Had a ton of staff but never got what I wanted. Never got my daughters drink, no refills and even asked for crayons on several occasions only to be ignored. Food is nothing special. Overrated. Not happy with our waitress.
The employees here are completely rude and not helpful in any way. I've had a membership with LA Fitness for many years, but I'm going to be canceling  my membership entirely because of the customer service at this location.
I'm lactose intolerant so my review is only in reference to their chicken wing basket. The chicken wings were sub-par, under seasoned and barley a step above McDonalds. The french fries were gross. I rarely waste food but they were high school cafeteria fries, mushy and falling apart.
Good food but be aware that though place closes at 11 they shut the kitchen at 10:20. Told us we could hurry up and order something and call the other couple meeting us to order for them.
last time i took Amtrak anywhere it was to Chicago from Champaign.  The train broke down about half way there and we were stranded out in the middle of nowhere for about 3 hours.  btw we didnt get any kind of refund or compensation for time lost or inconvenience.
So much food on the dinner combination! I got the spare ribs... it comes with a choice of rice, a choice of soup, a crab ragoon, and a huge egg roll; all for under $10. I can't even finish my ribs!
Slightly Eastern European in mood and appearance. If I was a betting man, I would bet by the time you read this review that this location is closed.
The bar area was nice, but the dining area was off-putting. That side of the restaurant needs repairs and lots of upgrades. The fresh bread was burnt and tough. The table was a bit crumby. I ordered the Shrimp Fettuccine Alfredo, which admittedly was bland. The server and service were great.
This is by far the best Greek restaurant in the valley. And I would venture to say the best restaurant in the west valley. Fresh delicious great customer service. Welcoming atmosphere.
I went here specifically for the red velvet waffle. Sad to say I wasn't impressed. It was just red. No coco flavor or anything that resembled red velvet cake. It was a well prepard waffle although. I would go back to try other things on the menu.
This is located in the local area mall.  Only had a few people in front of me in line and it was moving incredibily slow.  Overall food was good.  How could you go wrong with Orange Chicken?
No credit, weird layout,  not much fresh food
Terrible service... our waitress was practically ignoring us and she only had 3 tables! One star might be harsh yeah but I wont be spending that kind of money on a place this this again.
Awesome place for buying used bikes
I come here all the time & my drinks always taste the same! Love the customer service & it's always clean :) theres no drive thru which means all you lazy people have to walk your slow ass's in! Hahaha
I really enjoyed this place! The chicken chimi I had was absolutely fantastic! The people were ridiculously nice and the salsa was obviously fresh.. Totally delicious
I'm sure my review will change once I can get someone from Bespoke to answer the phone or call me back to actually book an appointment.  I've been trying for 3 days.  I really just want to get my hair colored.
Best smoked meat sandwich I'd ever had thus far!!!  MUST try if you're visiting Montreal!!!
Awesome food, awesome service.
This place is the definition of RATCHET. No joke. It smells, and the drinks are way over priced. They need ventilation, and Dj's that don't yell perverted obnoxious shit into the mic. Definitely not coming back, 64$ for 4 drinks, never again.
Kind of a dive place with mediocre food that is a bit overpriced. I would not recommend this place.
The only thing I liked about this place was the servers.  Food was below average and the prices were above average.  I have not rushed back here.
It was delicious and they even brought out Thai chilis for me to pop one in my mouth as a dare which was followed by some refreshingly delicious Thai tea! Loved the raw oyster with the mushroom \"caviar\"
Great food and great service.  Will tell others to try them.
My stuff was stolen from my room. Management and staff unhelpful and unapologetic. Going to file a police report.
Great kiwi drink.  Great sushi had the dragon and las Vegas roll.  Nice patio but ask for new plates because plates on table ahead get a layer of dust.
Great place, a must go if you're in Pittsburgh. The service was lacking, but the sandwich was amazing. Fries and slaw on everything!
Just upgraded my daughters phone (with a 15yr old son in tow who kept asking unrelated questions) The staff couldn't be more friendly! Not just interested in an up sell, but really what device was best for her!
People working there are nice. Good food.
I love the S&W in New York and I was extremely disappointed with my dish at this location. Customer service was nice, but the food wasn't great!
They save my cat.
This place was very disappointing; the food was extremely salty - yuck!
I didnt get to go into the salon. I called to make an appointment, and had one set! when i mentioned the groupon i purchased all of a sudden my appointment was canceled... im demanding a refund.
Waited for 20 mins after my appointment time and finally gave up. Walked in to Modern Nails on Eastern and got in immediately.
Food was excellent. Service was a bit sketchy, but they were super busy. I would certainly go back. The aji de pollo was amazing as was the ceviche.
The past 2-3 times we have been to I Love Sushi, we feel as if it's gone downhill.  The service has been terrible.  The food & rolls were not as fresh as usual and just plain blah.  I am very disappointed...\n\nHelp, we need a new sushi home!
the guy owner is rude and unfriendly!!!
Another disappointing lunch at San Tan Paradise Bakery...ordered ham&cheese, got ham, cheese and turkey with no condiment on bread..dry bread-ugh! This location has gone downhill over the last year..soup bowl barely more than half full..
Visiting Vegas?  Love ice cream?  Better yet, custard?  Come!  Come!!!  Don't regret missing out on this place!\n\nEvery time I visit Vegas, I try my best to go there at least once!\n\nThe flavors are all amazing!
So great and no place is cheaper. go with the Cajon Butter crust for a delicious though unhealthy treat. Yum!
If you have to use the bathroom  be quick about it.  The security loves to kick people out for taking too long to use the bathroom by pretending you were doing drugs.  Most the security guards sell em and the place is really shady in general now.  Used to be fun. Now is a scam Go to xs or surrender
Always a great cut. I have been going there for 10 years or more.  Great people.  If you don't want to wait call ahead and get on the list.
Great food, upscale so be prepared to dress the part. Portions are a nice size especially for the calories, always have dessert--must have! My fave is the lemon flavor dessert
Great food! BUT rude service and check your takeout order. They usually mess it up.
Our hangout lots of great food , good service and good atmosphere. Lots of food at lower prices !
This was the rudest hotel staff I have ever encountered. Although The common areas of the hotel were very nice, I was unimpressed by the room. I most likely would not say here again in the future.
stay away from this!!! you will end up pay more than you expected!! Don't waste your time!!
Nice location, I always come here during my lunch hour at work, typical barros pizza. Friendly staff and good pizza.  Slices are available until 3pm and it's pretty quiet and mellow  after 1 Which I enjoy
I come here very often to look for exercise equipment and never been disappointed I almost build my entiere home gym with saver stuff.   come here early  and happy treasure hunting
Terrible pizza! Hard, strange, frozen(?) dough. Just awful. I ordered two square pizzas and threw them both away. I'll never be back. The cheese and toppings were fine, the service was good. The sauce was decent. But the dough was inexcusable. Just awful.
I have no business whatsoever being at a race track.  I know nothing about horse racing.  I was obligated to come for my friends birthday though otherwise I would never come here.  This place is dirty, out dated, and the crowd is dirty and dingy.  Never again!
It's McDonalds. Cheap, quick breakfast. That's about its use. They have free wifi if you like this place.
Without a doubt...best burger in America\n\nThe service was outstanding. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. Good for families...prices reasonable.
My wife and I used Brandon's Photography for some graduation pictures of our daughter and they were really good. We've used a number of experienced photographers in and around Scottsdale during the past decade or so, and would have no qualms hiring Brandon again. \n\nGood service and great pictures.  Well done.
They were so nice and attentive and even bought us dessert after a little snafu that was obviously not their fault. Food an service was amazing
If you drove past it, you would never think it'd be good but the pizza is the best in town. My husband and I drive 20 minutes just to go and eat there. Now I haven't eaten anything else there so can't judge the rest of the food except the pizza. Also the staff is super friendly and nice.
##############56 East Closed####################
I was here on a Tuesday night and had the best time. I kept the same bartender and he was great. Kept the vodka flowing all night. Music was great and all the performances were fantastic. \n\nWorking in a gay bar it was nice to see some great productions. I will be back when in town.
Just wanted a trim, got a quick perfunctory cut.  Grumpy hairdresser.
I wasn't overly impressed...slow service...very bland without a lot of seasoning...overpriced... I was looking for a great healthy option to add to my dining rotation...looks like I'm still looking
Why has no one forced us to try this place before? Truly amazing food. We had 6 different plates and dessert. The service was great too. We don't live close, but worth the drive.
Was so exited to come here for dinner, but after eating the food I must say it was overly hyped and not worth it! The food was either way too salty or over cooked, even the dessert was not that good. I won't be coming back here again.
I've been going to Eye Priority since 2008. I love this office, very personal, professional and fun. I have been seen by both of their doctors and feel comfortable with each of them. I highly recommend Eye Priority.
I absolutely love the food here! I've never had anything off the menu that I didn't like -- and their sangrias are hands down the BEST in town (and did I mention they have them all the time?!)
Ate here a few months back while in Las Vegas for an event. Just decided to stop there and eat while I was out about.  This is a great alternative to eating in any of the casinos. Burgers were awesome and so were the sweet potatoe fries. This place blows the counter burger joints in the Los Angeles area.
We all had a blast. It gets better every year. I enjoyed the VIP tent with nice shade and AC in the restrooms!! The food was good and the drinks were cold. Great event! Love going every year.
Hmm, two words .. HORRIBLE SERVICE ! why go to a place where youre gonna get treated like shit. on the other hand , boba is good. BUT ... ive had much better ones.
They have an amazing practice facility! Sometimes they use mats which sucks. Two putting greens GREAT chipping green. The course when in good shape is amazing. The greens are very grainy and tough to make putts. Tough course surrounded by houses.
As a vegetarian I am always looking for good restaurants that can accommodate my dietary restrictions with style and the Herb Box did just that. They have a great patio that overlooks the canal and I will definitely keep this restaurant in my rotation.
Carmen did a great job and was very flexible with times to come in. Nice to find someone that also does men's haircuts in Old Town.
Saw it on food network and had to try this place. Had the banh mi burger a couple of weeks ago. Everything was good but the bun was really soggy.
The food was great and the staff was super nice! They have really great coffee options and omelets with everything you can think of in them.
Filipino interpretation of American Food, Hamburger and Fried Chicken. Of course there are the basic Filipino fare palabok.\n\nover all the prices are comparable to Macdonalds.
Bass from nightclub came into room all night.  No sound proofing?  Two floors away??  Couldn't move me and sent me up earplugs.  Seriously?  Most empty casino in Vegas, with most the tables closed.  At these rates not worth it!  Find a cheaper room if you want to sleep!
Nice pool area, sadly it was too cold for me to swim there (although others were doing it). It wasn't crowded, but we were there in October. The chairs were comfortable and food and drinks were available right there.
Food was great when it finally got there. Wait was too long.  The server was great and very apologetic.  I understand that they opened another restaurant and they are obviously spreading themselves too thin.
B\u00d7itchy servers.  Horrible and greasy food had a hard time accommodating my two year with food in my opinion I would save your money and time and try some else
very loud place.  I had some sort of burrito that had ... wasabi in it... It tasted pretty bad.
Everybody that works here are very friendly. Any crepe you choose is very good, the one I like is \"The Elvis\"(it has peanut butter, bacon, banana, caramel on top with home made whip cream on the side) but you really can't go wrong with this place!
Pizza was avg. Wings were terrible, soggy and little sauce. This was our 1st time ordering and probably the last... unfortunate I was looking for something other than Pizza Hut. Oh well
Omg. Everything here is so nasty. I hope i dont get sick
I went for lunch and it was enjoyable. It was very good for the money. No issues at all.
Ive been to many steakhouses in LV, the steak here might have been the worst. Over cooked, extremely charred. Calamari wasn't bad. Service was marginal at best
Their sorbets are great! I have found better Froyo.
I stay here every chance I get. Love it. The bedrooms have a giant projector in it and they have a great sound system. I have thrown multiple partys here. Best part is right downstairs is the miracle mile shops if you get the munchies :)
I thought this place was pretty cool old school arcade games and a bar. Its a pretty good combination.
We waited 20 minutes for a waiter to attend to us. There were only 3 tables occupied for goodness sake. If only the overly distracted Chef said something or the hyperactive old female waiter sent another server. This place wouldn't get 1 star. WE WALKED OUT.
Great roadhuse type bar restaurant. Big menu with lots of choices. Wait staff friendly and work hard. Only thing, it gets really busy, sometimes food takes awhile. Hire more servers during peak times. Fun place with live band. Not a place for quiet romantic dinner. Food is excellent especially the steaks.
The food is amazing!  The ambiance is intimate.  Would not take kids.  Its nice to go to a local fine dining restaurant away from the strip.  The waiters could use some common sense, but the food is amazing.  The owner comes and checks up and makes sure everything is going well.
Ive been eating at Ned's for years and it is by far one of my favorite sandwich shops! The price is fair and reasonable. I get on kicks where this place is what I crave, they are worth stopping in and grabbing a sandwich.
Not my cup of tea. Or make that, cup of wine. Or should it be glass of wine. Whatever. \n\nThey have wine tastings for a $10 fee, and some include food. The atmosphere was very quiet and formal. Note that AZ Wine Co. is not open everyday, check their online calendar for schedule.
I'd have to agree with Daniel L. S review. The crust is only good if you enjoy precooked crumbly, crispy, hard crust. If you are looking for a chewy, fluffy, bread crust, this is not gonna deliver.  The redeeming quality of this place is the toppings.
Great red velvet cupcakes!  Surprising find for a new place.  Definitely check them out.
We had great service, and the food was good.  Much better than the one in San Francisco.  The food arived very quickly, the only bad thing was the noise level from some of the other patrons was loud.
I could eat a whole vat of their SAMBAR. And my boyfriend says every time he's eating something, he thinks, I'm going to get more of this. There is no end to the deliciousness of this place!
Decent.. the rice they use in the sushi was definitely good but the rolls are whatever. Not bad not great
Cool place to see old photos and read brief history about Vegas. Not your typical pictures  you see everywhere else. Looks like it will be continually growing and changing so will for sure check out again in the future. Oh and it's FREE (donation box at door).
I have always had the best experience here! The workmanship is of such high quality! I have had my bags cleaned and the leather cleansed and my shoes repaired! I highly recommend this luxury shoe and bag repair store!
Love the grilled chicken salad  delish... Got all my ladies at working eating here to.
Great place for chicken. I come here about 3 times a month, Love the corn and black bean sides
Delicious, and lively.\n\nThe only way you can complain about this is you are a stickler about personal space. \n\nWe had to share a table but the couple was very nice!\n\nBEST WAFFLES!
I do enjoy the italian bread here, but there isn't enough meat, cheese or topping to enjoy it! I definitely hate to say it but subway is just on the NW corner off the 101 and Shea. Its pretty expensive and not very loaded with toppings.
Good curry fries
This is a great restaurant a little on the pricy side but it's very good the service was great and there is a lot of good people watching I was very intertained with the couples I saw coming in
Service is real good, food is good, but not the fine quality you find in most seafood restaurants.  Their side items are very good and tasty.  Lots of comfortable seating.
One of the best steakhouses in Vegas if not the best! Had the wagyu Australian rib eye med rare. Great steak. Always great service also. Definitely check out mastros at aria if you have not. A++
Sushi was ok.... Very fishy taste for some reason.....Serivce however was great.... The drinks served were horrible.... Probably would not recommend..... Next ...
I have taken the Sun City Express shuttle dozens of times.   They recently had an ownership change and have doubled their rates.   This offends me.  \n\nUber car is now cheaper (especially when you have two or more).  No more Sun City Express shuttle for me unless I am desperate.
Great stock of urban apparel brands.  Even full stock of women's clothing!  Super chill and friendly customer service.  Don't be shy to check out whatever is on sale, you will find some DEALS.  \n\nLegit!
Best Mexican food in Madison. Very clean atmosphere and friendly staff! I recommend the Tortas!
This place has a great atmosphere and the  service is good.  The burgers are really good and if there is a wait it is worth it.  My favorite burgers are the veggie burgers.  I also like the vanilla cokes.  I really like to go here before concerts
Although the food was good, the service stunk! We had to flag down the manager to order our food and the place was practically empty. Dinner took way too long, only by good planning for bad service/traffic were we able to catch the show we had tickets for that evening.
came here with my parents back in june 2010 and the food was great... All of us had the tasting menu with about 10 dishes including 2 desserts.. the service was good and the food was even better, the baby oysters and the hanger steak were tasty...
You can get a nice tasting flight with a very good variety of Beneluxian ales. All are very different and very nice. Some of the beers taste like meat, in a good way.
Staff was great and they have the BEST peanut butter ice cream I have ever had!
I hear nothing but good things about the food and today is my 2nd time at a Toby Keith's, but wow, these prices are deadly! No lunch specials to boot! I guess it's full-price all day, every day! Food has been great  on both visits but not sure it's worth the price.
Excellent.  Service was courteous and prompt.  The salad I had was the best I've ever eaten.  I also tried the chili-cheese fries and they were very good.  The drinks were really good too.  I wish Green were in my hometown.
Service expected,\nVery hard to find a seat,\nNot too inviting
Customer service is horrible at this location..The manager doesn't even speak when u walk in and she could be standing right in front..
Great People!!!! Drew gets two thumbs way way up took my car to pep boys next door and they quoted me over 1000 for my brakes drew got my car in and said it would only be 450 for everything pep boys quoted THANK YOU FOR BEING HONEST!!!!
Was there yesterday, service was not good. Food\nIs fine. Will not renew the experience!
Awesome excellent Filipino restaurant, something i've been looking for, for a long time now. Doesn't look like much, but you can get your food cooked to order, which is nice!!!
Love this place! Always great food, always great service! My personal favorite, when I want to be fat, is the mac n cheese burger with sweet potato fries.
Jeep wrangler Rubicon 7 Windows and strip on the front. Limo tint on the back 5, MN 35 on the driver and passenger. Total was $160 super nice accommodating folks and the tint looks amazing!
Great friendly service and a super fun time.  Food and beer aren't why you go here but are available.  Racing can be a bit pricey unless you find a discount such as living social.  Place is clean and the people working there seem to enjoy it.
WAY overpriced for what you get. Cheap ingredients, bland food.
Another great spot for fine dining.  The cucumber martini is one of the best drinks I have ever gotten.  The pigs in a blanket app is awesome and the steaks are fantastic.  This is a great place to eat atnwhen on vacation or celebrating something special.
I love the energy of Fremont street, and the Nugget is the best resort and is in the middle of the action. My preferred Hotel in Vegas
I have been going here for 4 years every time I come they are not busy & get me seated right away the office is very clean & nice the staff are very friendly & professional doctor do is one of the best dentists I have met very gentle & understanding!
We're both from New York so we're probably going to be some of the toughest critics for pizza but my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our mushroom and prosciutto pizzas. Friendly service and we got to watch the world cup match to boot. This place will make you forget you're having lots of carbs!
Fantastic! They were punctual and amazingly kind and friendly. They took great care with our belongings and were reasonably priced. I've never had a move go so smoothly!
This place did not have the selection I was hoping for.  Some of the dresses seemed dirty when I was trying them on.  Leftover makeup.  The store smelled like a used clothing store.  The staff was great and extremely helpful.
This is our go-to breakfast place in Vegas.  There is always a line, but they move you in fast.  It's clean and cheap, so we can save our money for video poker or a really great dinner.  What more can you ask for from Denny's?
Always good!!
This is a great little hidden gem of goodyear. Been coming here since the place opened and every time we come it had been nothing short of amazing and super fresh. The ice cream tempura is a must!!
best french dip ive had in a long time my wifes bbq platter was good too she really liked the ribs the only down side of this place is the wait and its just too dang dark its nice to see the food your eating
Food is great. It's def not a \"fast\" food place!
We got the omakase here. It was good but not spectacular and definitely not worth the $240 for two (including tip and a half bottle of sake). \n\nConsidering only the food I would give this three stars, but factoring in the price I would give it two.
Shitty staff, and the worst drink prices in Vegas. Don't go... it's really just not worth it.
Home made! Very unassuming! And spot on. Nothing complex and not fancy maybe even a bit grungy but a must try for a classic breakfast. Even Matt 2 says it's a 4 out of 5, though not fine dinning like Over Easy.
Longest wait evvvverrrr. Seriously. So so long. The chicken is okay but sometimes it's undercooked.
The best bar in the valley to see live music.  The food is good, the drinks are reasonable, and the bands ROCK!
Nice place to share a  Sunday dinner in his terrace \nAmbiance, price and service get you in the mood of a spectacular day\n\n*Just be sure to ask your steak without sauce. It's not bad, it's just innecesary ;)
This shop is absolutely beautiful inside. You can tell that they really care about every little detail. Their chocolate chip cookies are to die for (I ate two) and my husband had one of the apple pie cupcakes, which he loved. I can't wait to come back and try this place again!
Service is great, everything is home made. Very helpful staff.
Over priced. Over crowded. Not worth the wait or $$ for meat and potatoes.
Wonderful quality of food- just a bit pricey for the portions other than the foot-long hot dog (although I'd much prefer one of the more sausage like meats)
Good food, good people.  What more can you ask for!\nHad the farej, gyro, hummus, lemonade, and baklava.
I still give this place a 5 star rating.  Everyone! Bring you doggie here.. They are so good to animals and the staff is very friendly !!
Can't see prices on line and can't get a login for 24 hours what a joke
Most people I'm sure like this place. Some I'm sure hate it. Not for kids at night anyway. \nI had great time. Very interesting place. Like Hollywood and Vine on steroids. Some things some would call inappropriate, gross and distasteful but I knew what to expect and had a great time.
Stopped in for breakfast, and ordered pizzas for lunch to go.  Food was great.  They have a wide variety of options and as a vegetarian I had many choices.  Portions are somewhat small for the price, but it is Vegas so that is to be expected.  Would eat here again!
This is the second Cirque show I have seen, and I love all of them! They all seem to challenge your imagination, and the performers are amazing!
Sprouts is my number one go to store for all produce! The prices are always reasonable and the product is always in great shape. I gave it 4 instead of 5 because sometimes when I go the check out is very slow (I think it may be more the customers though).
Service is not only bad, it is hostile.  Will never ever go back.
Apparently you cannot order the traveler through the drive-through even though it does not state that anywhere on the menu and if you go inside to order the traveler the clerks get upset and sigh as though your an inconvenience to them.  No customer service.
Probably the best gelato and crepes I've ever had and I've had crepes from London to Paris to Vegas!
Michelle is friendly and fantastic at giving pedicures and manicures massages too! :-) highly recommended! My massage was invigorating! One of the best I've ever had
There are 2 types of \"Good\" restaurants in Pittsburgh. There is Yinzer good and Actually good. This food is Yinzer good. Way too much butter and sugar. Yuck.
biggest selection and best i've seen in vegas !! the staff is friendly and very knowledgable. they knew exactly what i wanted. the prices here are cheaper too!!
I love this place the best pizza joint in town great food awesome pizza cold beer an awesome relaxing atmosphere I can watch the games with plenty of tv's and a great staff doesn't get any better then Zzeeks Pizza
Great smoked meat sandwich - had the 10 oz version. Ask for juicy/moist as the sandwich is crazy juicy then. I upgraded fries to poutine. Was ok but not stellar. Fries were typical fast food and not high end blanched nor double fried. Service was fast and friendly.
Good coffee, personable staff, and convenient location, but the drive-thru can be slow.
Beautiful bar, 3 floors of Chandelier, girls dream come true! I loved this bar. It was beautiful with amazing service!
Good junk food with awesome sweet tea.  The service is fast, the staff is friendly, and the food is always good.
Great service great food, one of my regular spots. They definitely go out of their way to please you.  Thank you
No tub and wired internet? Also the gimmick of the pyramid makes for windows that aren't good for looking out.
Had the brunch.  It comes with pastries, a glass of champagne, a starter, entree and dessert.  Had the pizza and wife had fish.  Tasty although pizza crust got very hard as it dried out.  Ambience is very cool and chi-chi.  We liked it and will try happy hour if at the mall.
After seeing nothing but 5 stars, I figured I'd give it a try. Once again, yelp has not let me down great service, great ambiance (a little old) and most of all GREAT food!! Coming back soon and telling my friends.
Food was cold and over cooked. Biscuits taste like Bisquick and gravy was blah. The one good thing it had going for it was the good service and friendly staff.
I can't remember going to an Indian restaurant in the past, so I wasn't sure what to order. I took a chance with a chicken dish and it was really good. The service was also very good. I'll return here again!
The food was ok.took forever to get the food and the check. Don't think we will be back.
Never go here. Nothing but mediocre stewed-tasting meat. The help is great but the FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF words coming from the white jackets could be heard in the restaurant by us. That was the only noise we heard....
This place is a great value for lunch. I get their bagel sandwiches on a regular basis!
I got the combination pho and it didn't have much flavor to it and the portion was very small for the price.
These guys are great!!!\nMy boyfriend took his dog here the other day and they took him without an appointment with no hassles! They did a great job and we got our baby back in a reasonable time! \nWe will be back.
the Naco Tort as are so yummy
Breakfast Burrito! That's as far far as we have made it through what appears to be an extensive menu. So....\n\nTry the breakfast burrito!
I'm not even sure why they have retail prices on these things, as they sell you everything at 80% off which makes you feel like you're getting a good deal. What a scummy way to do business. They really don't even do that good of a job anyway.
Ive been going to this gym for about 6 months now and think they are ok but could do better. The treadmills seem to break & stay broken for awhile and I wish they would add more classes to accommodate the working class. But otherwise, the staff if friendly & they keep it clean.
Not bad Italian food.  Some people rave about this place. Not sure it's all that great but we had a pleasant experience there.  Service is pretty good.
The filet is so tender and delicious. The chocolate lava cake is a melt in your mouth dessert.
Whack. Go to Marquee instead at the Cosmo. Music sucks, people are super ghetto. Did not feel like I was in Vegas at all :( Waste of money.
Good. Lots of info. Area 51 kinda hokey but still pretty nice way to spend a few hrs.
I have this place another shot after a year hiatus and was very pleased. Food was great and service was awesome. Only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because one of the sushi chefs repeatedly coughed and sneezed. Ha
Excellent food and atmosphere, this is the real deal! Don't miss it.
Best wings ever!!!! There is no place that can stand near this place for wings.
I prefer Rabhjog which is North of Charlotte, that being said, if i'm in the area and feeling some samosa chaat I'll still stop by.\n\nIt's a little hard to find but I think that's half the fun.
There is another Honey Bear's at Thomas & Central in Phx.  Both locations have great BBQ sauce - not too spicy, but makes you want to eat more of it.  Great spot for relatively inexpensive lunch.
I have been returning to Extreme Pita for a few years now and I have to say I like it and that I am a fan.  I usually get the Falafal or the Bourbon Chipotle.  I never get weighted down eating there.  Lots of veggies and thin pita bread.  The price is right for a quick bite.
How much money for a big ball of bread with a .001 inch thick layer of meat on it?  \n\nNO THANK YOU.
The food...It's McDonald's.  I go to this location because of the shaded outdoor seating.  Unfortunately they only have two tables outside.
What a great experience! Definitely coming back & bringing friends next time. Between the constant service, deliciously full flavored meals & the atmosphere...It has officially ranked on to my Top 10 List!
Finally one near the house..great food..great customer service..I will be back for sure
Took a friend there for her first time she had The Sheridan and loved it. I had the RB&C which was awesome full of flavor and enough horseradish kick!...good beer selection and great food will always come back to eat here they never disappoint!
Fantastic AYCE, been here many times since moving to vegas. My favorite sushi place by far.
Came with a large group we ordered a variety of desserts so we could try all of them and we were impressed. if your a chocolate Lover then this is the place for you. fondue was delicious, the pizza was yum , and not to mention the shakes wow super sweet. will deff be coming back
Food was delicious - So much so we went back the next day and ate again! Be prepared - it's a little pricey but you have to treat yourself once and awhile.
Really liked Linda. I only had color done, but service was good. My daughter liked the waiting area. It was comfortable for her. The music videos were a bonus.
i ordered a part from Leslies, they got the part in quickly but just didn't seem to have any customer service skills, same two guys on both times there and they both seemed to feel they were doing me a favor talking to them. I don't know what else exists around henderson but I will be looking, they were horrible.
Best pad Thai I've ever had. Pineapple fried rice was pretty good too. Service was awesome. Never had to ask for a refill.
Best experience.  Everyone remembered your name, and called you by it.  I dont think there's anything not awesome on the menu.  Yes it's pricey, but it's not like you do this type of thing every day.  I'd definately go again. Only thing missing was some shouting coming from the kitchen
Quite possibly the worst pizza in the world!
Menu has been updated and new owner really cares. My new favorite place at chandler fashion square to eat. They have grilled turkey and chicken which is awesome!  Love the food here and the staff is great!!
Went to Il Bosco last night for the first time and was not disappointed!  The Joanna pizza was delicious.  Can't wait to go back and try the other pizzas :)
I give it three stars because two would be unfair.  Pros: nice, new, clean, well-maintained equipment and facilities, lots of variety, classes, etc.  Cons: house music selected by 12 year old girls, staff is neutral, i'm not sure that is a con, better than being pushy.
OMG soooo delicious!!!! Seriously yummy!!! If you LOVE Cocos check this place out!!! Prices are awesome, staff is friendly and the food is sooo delicious!!! We just moved here and this is on our Fav. List!!!
Worth taking a trip off the strip!!! The sushi is very fresh and absolutely delicious! The all you can eat is a great deal since it even includes sashimi! Get the sy special and Super white tuna! The chefs and the waiters are awesome! Great service and great food! Will be coming back!
Went in for the first time and was not impressed. Guacamole was good tacos just ok. Little pricey for ok food.
Pretty bad experience. Workers didn't know what was going on. Owner not available. Shoddy work. Have to bring car back to correct tinting.  Outgoing phone messages not changed to correct date so couldn't get a hold of shop because worker couldn't answer the phones. Do not recommend
Located across from Lowe's.  Easy to be tempted by Ray's Pizza just a couple doors down though.  Their burritos are made in front of you there and served in a large basket.  Portions were generous but the prices were up there to match.  Parking isn't bad at all because of the Lowe's lot.
Omg this McDonald's is so rude, they don't smile and they look like they hate everyone. They always get my order wrong and I've been there only 3 times. Don't go here bad customer service.
Never again will I step foot on there lot
Best place in town to find all your costume needs; however, try to go on the off-season because this place gets packed.
THE second worst-tasting pizza I've ever had, the first being Basha's deli pizza which actually made me sick. The only reason I didn't give it one star is that I managed not to vomit after eating a slice!
I love this place.  You can always have a good time here.
Huge portions, great food & its 24 hours!!! I wish there was one these in Los Angeles. Only downside is that its always busy here. Waiting list is long. So make sure you have patience. It will pay off once you have your food. Best believe that.
Great food. Who cares what it looks like outside. Fish tacos were amazing. Check this place out if you want authentic Mexican.
I come here when I have craving for red bean buns, chinese sweets, asian pears and persimons.  The fresh produce is very reasonable price.  I just wish more asian market near Avondale.
I've been going here for over 2 years and love this place. Barb is the best. She is fast, knowledgable & so sweet!
Decent food and friendly service.
34 minutes to get a chicken wrap with 1 ounce of chicken and a whole lot of cabbage. Are you kidding me? Stay away. I will make my own juice. Can't even rank this place one star but have no choice because that's the min ranking. Brutal.
Always fast clean yummy and the manager dude is on point as far as high customer service. They messed my taco up. He smiled, personally made the correct taco, and said have a nice day in less than 30 seconds. :)))
Love that this place uses a new disposable plastic inner lining for their spa pedicures on every customer...need I say more?  Go get your pedicure, not a fungus!
I have to agree with Mr. Floyd green chili burrito is fantastic!! Great service ask for marissa she will give you service with a smile :)
Great experience at Green Valley Range.  Very friendly folks and our instructor was very professional and helpful.  Highly recommend.
The internet is dog slow but the staff is very friendly and helpful and the breakfasts are what you would expect. They even have social hours at night which I haven't attended yet but they do serve complimentary food and drinks. The rooms are decent...a bit dated but generally comfortable.
The steak was juicy, butI honestly prefer the strips of steak to fill the taco.. it's been a few years but this place is still fresh and delicious!
Best cab company by a lot.  Greg took care of us all weekend.  Arranged for a second cab because we had too many people.  I highly recommend Greg and this cab company.
I don't think we would do business with these slippery characters again !!  Not only were they difficult and refused to fix their errors when we bought the blinds from them.   Now, when there are issues with the function of the shades, they refuse to come out for service without charging a fee up front.   What a joke !!!
This subway is ALWAYS stingy. It doesn't matter who is making the sandwiches there is always more bread than meat cheese and veggies. I do not recommend ever going to this subway. My sandwich sucks everytime
We had dinner and for the price was not worth it. We will never go back.\nI enjoy the breakfast at Imperial Palace.\n\nMary
Been here a few times when were in town and you can't beat the ambiance. The bread is to die for, they are owned by Il Fornaio. I had the seafood risotto everytime and it's freaking delicious! Long wait so make a reservation. Love this place, 5 stars for sure!
I would see it again!  This was a beautiful show with spectacular choreography and incredible stunts.  In a word - awesome!
This place is love at first taste. Enough said. I love everything here. Even my mom who is a stingy vietnamese Che (their desserts) snob has fallen in love with this place.
I needed a quick response and a fair price from a reputable company when selling my out of town condo......... And that's exactly what I got from WAVE HOUSE CLEANING SERVICE.\n\nThank you for a job well done!!!
NOTHING was at a safe serving temperature. It was all lukewarm bacteria-friendly temperatures. \n\nA single fork taste of 2-3 things by each of us said it was pretty universal, and we goot up and left before we got food poisoned.\n\nAVOID
This is a really good lunch spot. Food has always been tasty and isn't too expensive considering quality/quantity. Will be back soon!
I recently had my wedding here this past weekend, the venue was nice, the food was good. However, I am very disappointed in the wedding planner nadine, she was very rude to all of our guest.  She was rushing everybody and running on her own time instead of ours, and stressing everyone out including me, the bride!
Please try the bruschetta. Really good and you can taste the fresh garlic. Very good service and the food is good.
Bang for buck, you can't beat it. Not too far off the strip.
The shopping is phenomenal....! \nThe structures are so Caesar...! \nReminds me of when I was in Greece on vacation...!
I respect the traverse theatre.Much like The Bush Theatre in London, they specialise in new writing which is often very edgy, exciting and thought provoking! If you are in Edinburgh and want to go to the theatre, I'd recommend The Traverse before any of the other theatres!
Terrible.  Tried, and  I say tried to get two simple turkey sandwiches for take out.  Both were screwed up and it took forever.  How hard is turkey, lettuce tomato with mustard.  \n\nI got turkey on bread and nothing else.
I just had my steam veggie take out tonight. The veggie is not very fresh and tofu is about to go bad. Without sauces, you can taste the freshness of the dish. I will not return.
Dim sum Not so fresh and not so much flavor, service was good, hot and sour soup was great. It's clean comfy booth.
This is our favorite take out place.  The food is always fresh, flavorful and plentiful.  The owners are very nice also.  We drive out of the way for take out from them.
Salmon burger? Yum. Falafel burger? Disappointed. A little on the dry side. Fries? Yum again. Moz sticks? Love them.
I was here for brunch and it did not disappoint. The crab Benedict, 4 cheese quiche, and chile rellenos were top notch. Mimosas were good too!
The ribs were surpisingly good and the service was decent. Nothing too spectacular just decent and the price was ok.
Worst barber shop EVER!  Save yourself the money and hassle of having to get your hair re-cut somewhere else after visiting here.  Rude!  Untalented!  There really is nothing good to say about this place.  Terrible.  Stat away.
Good donuts.
Amazing!  The Chicken sausage pasta definitely works!
Amazing food and great service. The bartenders Christian and Matt made us great drinks and had a great smiles.
FINALLY!!!! I felt like a little kid in a candy store.... I love breakfast... and even better after a night and day of drinking and Vegas fun!!!
The atmosphere and the staff are amazing!
Pretty good for a quick bite at the airport. Ask your server about drink specials. \"Would you like to add a shot to your beer for $4?\"... Why yes I would.
We went here last trip and we weren't impressed.  We went back this time and found the food was better than last time.  They had a great variety of choices, fresh fruits and salads.  We were seated quickly.  I would recommend the buffet here.
I have been here many times for spring break with my family. It's a great hotel, very cozy, offers breakfast every morning which is great.
Never a bad experience at The Yardhouse. Besides the wonderful food and cocktails, the staff provides a great dining experience as well.
Very disappointing. Hilton Diamond member who stays in Hiltons around the world. This one is on the low side. Old, but not in a stately way. Trays of garbage stayed in the hallway for more than eight hours during the day and evening. Really nice staff, but it desperately needs an update.
Not a bad place.  Food was good.  Burgers were a little bit pricey for ok for a place off of the strip...
Great sushi, love going to this place for lunch.
Wow, I had try this legendary place;' the pastrami is off the hook-late night affair for me, drinking all night long and eating over priced casino food, get in your car and come here. Highly recommended.
Ordered Mango and Avocado Salad and Aloha Rolls. The salad is a bit salty but overall is OK. Aloha Rolls are very nice. Will go there again for Sashimi Salad and other sushi.
Great food.....service and reasonable prices.   Best eggs Benedict I've had !!!!  Eat breakfast at least once a week here
So go here once just to say you have gone, but it's not that exciting. Drinks were about on par with other bars in town. Nothing worth spending time here instead of someplace else though. Snore city.
The babagnaoush is fantastic, but everything else was just so-so. My husband on the other hand, REALLY liked it. I might have to give it another try just to be certain, but as it stands, meh, I can take it or leave it.
Awesome. Best chicken wings in town. Crispy on the outside juicy on the inside :)
Used to love this place till I met the owner! Never going here again!
Standing at counter for 10 minutes while 2 associates carried on a conversation and 1 associate walked passed me and did not offer assistance.  Very poor customer service tonight. Language not appropriate either.
I work close to Bitzee's so I eat there quite often. Food is always good. Service is friendly. Not only is it a good restaurant, they do a lot of good for the community. Always involved, and making a difference. Highly recommend.!
Mediocre steakhouse - nothing was knock my sock off delicious. Everything was kind of average. \n\nSommelier was spot on\n\nSo many better options to choose from based on pure food in LV. \n\nA reminder to self - to not to go back.
Decided to eat there because of triple D from food network. I would recommend eating it there instead of to-go. When my family and I ate there the food was great! Then we decided to-go and it tasted like microwaved food.
Have you ever had a coffee that's so good that it makes you forget how to describe it when you finally start writing the review?\n\nNeither have I, but the coffee here is seriously good.
Thought we would try a new place to watch a game and grab lunch.  It just plain sucked.  Lots of great sports bars in Vegas.  This ain't one of them.
Good hookah.  This Saturday night it was like a dance club; party crowd & DJ.
Our favorite fry bread in phoenix. We actually drove straight from the airport to here for a fry bread today!
Taste like trashy! Unbelieve when I ate tamales and found excessive salt, not fresh and oily. I refuse to come to this lousy restaurant again.
I went here once with my girlfriend hoping for a good time and surah definitely made it one. She was so nice and sweet. She was always had our drinks refill and help us in everyday.
Sitting by the pool and having beverages is amazing. \n\nThe tacos definitely need some work.  It is very trendy. \n\nMy friend uses it as his go to first date spot.
Good food decent service but not amazing like Texas roadhouse.  The ribs are probably the best thing I have ever had here and they do give you amazing rolls before the meal.  I would recommend giving this place a try.
Was an amazing experience for our son's 8th birthday. Mike(the game conductor) was great at catering all 15 of the kids in attendance's needs. I highly recommend the Epic Game Trailer to anyone who wants to have the best party of the year with little work involved.
I love Yu-Yu for authentic Japanese comfort food. They make the udon noodles here as well as all the delicious sauces. I recommend it as one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The prices are awesome too!
Just landed a job next door. Great food, great prices, and great deals. They know how to keep a customer coming back for more. Finally, I can CONVENIENTLY eat [semi] healthy.
Marginal dancers, poor choreography, many out of shape dancers with to many stretch marks.  Blonde bartender cutest of bunch to bad she didn't dance.
Not impressed.  Our waiter was not personable, the food was overrated, and pricey.  I ordered Alfredo with chicken.  The noodles were undercooked, the chicken was cut into cubes (seriously??), and the Alfredo sauce was minimal.  The meal was less than \"savory.\"
The idea seemed stunning... a super high end mall with unique architecture.  Turns out to be quick cold.  It just doesn't feel warm, inviting, etc.  I LOVE modern architecture and you can be modern and more welcoming.  I like the Wynn shops a lot better.  Bellagio too.
We stopped here last night and glad we did.  The choice of four bruschetta was awesome loved them all white bean, artichoke, burrata and mozzarella. My glass of Manifesto Zin was really good as well.  A nicely appointed restaurant that I would frequent more given the chance.
Servers were quick with getting food to your table. Waiters were very good at getting orders down.\n\nOnly downfall is paying the bill. Be careful using Total Rewards along with other credit cards...they might not b able to understand how you want to split the bill. Make it CLEAR!!!
I LOVE this church! It's extremely laid-back and casual, and the pastor is hilarious!
Business lunch with clients on a tight schedule.   Slow service.....decent food.  2nd time we experienced slow service at lunch.    Can't comment on dinner service, will not be going back for lunch.
This has to have been the worst ding experience I've ever had, bordering on abusive service. We ended up asking for the check before the mains arrived but more than an hour after being seated. It was not busy.
We tried the fish and chips.  The fish was very heavily breaded and soaked in grease from the fryer - gave me a stomache ache :(
Been here 4 times now for lunch.  Nice atmosphere, good service, decent food.  Not sure why I keep coming back though.  Everything is overpriced.  Small portions.  Those two comments really sum this place up.
uh..can u say \"GHETTO\" now if you're looking for shoes or jerseys this might be the spot for you as they have they have decent prices.  otherwise i probably wouldn't recommend spending your time here...unless ur  just looking for some AC.
Great Sandwiches. The corn fritters are amazing.
Very friendly staff.   A cute short brunette from So Cal helped us out.   Great prices .   Nice selection.
debated if it gets 4 or 5 stars, because the food is so crappy. however, pete's coffee, babcock ice cream and local beer ftw. the place to be all summer.
Awesome place to people watch and enjoy music.  There is a cool aquarium as well with lots of different tropical fish.
: I spend most of my time in Vegas and I must say this hotel has served me well and right. Location is absolutely great, hotel staffs are friendly and very accomodating, summertime hotel price is an absolute deal.
I finally got a reply three weeks later and received a rather generous voucher.  While the experience as a whole was very disappointing, at least the company made-up for it.  Customer service from the airline industry apparently is not completely dead.  It's just a bit slow.
Capitalism at its worst. These kinds of stores are  a waste of time. Good for the kids though. That is if you want them addicted to sugar.
Party of One deal keeps getting more expensive.  Salad tastes like it was bought from Food Lion.\n\nPizza is what you'd expect.
My favorites: Chicken Marsala, house salad and garlic rolls... Love, love, love, great delivery service, food and atmosphere...
Great staff but ran out of donuts twice!
Inside is huge & they have plenty of tables even when it's busy. Baristas have always been very friendly which is much different from the Union Hills location. Plenty of parking too!
Delicous burger. Size was a bit smaller but every bite is heaven. French fries was awesome as well. The ambient is top notch. \n\nI ordered a few rum and cokes and they were real strong - must for being $10/piece.
Horrible wait time I was so not impressed with their customer service...will not be going back Dr said \"you have two weeks to get these exams done or you can look for another doctor\" YUP I will do so!!!
Not freaky fast delivery, ordered a few times, takes over an hour.
Eh. I wouldn't clear my schedule for the night to come here, but it's a cool pregame/chill spot. In my opinion it's one of those places you need to come with a big group to have a really good time.
This place is awful. The employees are incapable of understanding the simple request of a bean, cheese, and rice taco. Truly a shame. The food was full of the Sodexo frozen veggies and smelled of curry. I've never had such a greasy terrible meal. Don't waste your time or money.
Been coming here since it opened. Good msg at good prices.
Awesome speak easy!
The atmosphere is very cool - retro, Adler-esque vibe.  The portions are the smallest I have ever seen and the value for the money is not good at all.  There is a 19.99 all you can eat tapas menu.  Take it and run or else you will starve.
The closest thing in Madison to Southern California Mexican. Stopped by yesterday (for takeout) for the first time and I couldn't stop eating the steak burrito, even though I was full. My husband got the pastor gorditas - the marinade was delicious!! I definitely recommend stopping by.
Went in to get a pedicure and didn't expect a hot stone massage as well. They did a great Job with very cute nail designs
Look left, right, and around at the signage at Bally's- $1 margaritas at Happy Hour.  Nope, wrong - they are $2 each, and come with an attitude.  Boo.
Crazy busy, crazy packed and a happening place, but I wouldn't go again without a table and VIP access as the line up outside was insane!
Amazing salon finally in my area! It's so nice and of course I love my hair! The prices are reasonable too!
The employees were very nice and had great customer service, the food wasn't 5 star restaurant but it was good. The actual lobby was clean well kept too.
Service is always friendly. The food has always been good. It seems that they had a recent price increase and having to pay more than 10.00 for a bagel bucket seems unreasonable to me. They now cost 14.50 which means I will be going so ewhere else.
Honey Salt had an atmosphere that is comfy, yet modern and classy at the same time. The menu  consists of comfort food with a contemporary twist. I had the Biloxi buttermilk fried chicken, and it was AMAZING! Overall, Honey Salt gets a 5 star for their food and impeccable service.
The worst service ever. Even nobody came to take our plates, we had maybe 7 or 8 plate on the table. And when we wanted to pay with credit card, the owner or manager told us no credit card accept, very rude!\nI will definitely not come to this restaurant any more!
We LOVE this restaurant and take all of our visitors here as well. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
Avoid this place like the plague and I can appreciate it we been here about 3 minutes I've had two people come up and ask me for money
The food was fresh,  flavourful,  and presented wonderfully.  Good vibes the aura was fun and inviting.  Great for gatherings. My server  Labrea was professional, honest,  helpful and sweet.  Makes you feel welcomed.  All that food for $20. Heaven food from the soul.  Highly recommended! !
Food was OK. Service was slow and the restaurant itself is really dated and not as clean as I would like. My son got very ill after eating here?? Coincidence? I don't know...
I couldn't believe on my last day in Arizona I finally find a dim sum restaurant!! I could've been dining here the whole time! Food was delicious. Atmosphere is great. And service is good!! Would come back again for sure!
Good food and fast
Not great Mexican food, bad customer service.
Not the experience I was expecting.  Food was average service was good but overpriced.  The ribs taste boiled the one good thing the fries were fab.  Won't be returning to this establishment.
I've never really eaten European food before, but after seeing this featured on TV me and my bf wanted to give it a try. We were so pleased with the food and we will definitely come back again
I always try the current 6 Dollar burger special they have. \nThe food is always just so so. It always seems a little cold like they let things sit around too long before slapped together and tossed in a sack. They are always friendly and the interior is clean, but the food quality is sub-par at best.
I've been to this store twice and both times left with a bad taste in my mouth. The employees don't seem to care if you buy a computer from them or if you get he help you need whit he computer.  Hope this isn't a sign of things to come for Apple...
Best chicken fried chicken and gravy anywhere!
The buffet is very small and not very good.\n\nWhen I ordered for delivery the portion was very small for how expensive it was (chicken) and the Naan was not fresh.\n\nThe food was tasty but not worth the price.
we just went there to stay last night and when we checked in the hotel was under construction. It was a mess and we ended up leaving to stay somewhere else.
I liked the food until I got food poisoning!!! Chicken skewers were actually RAW.. Like they cooked them for 5 minutes.. Unreal!! Never eating there again even if it's free after getting so sick
This is definitely one of my favorite places in Vegas. It's a steakhouse, however we never tried the steak there. We always go with the seafood and French onion soup.
Came here to eat on a night out with 4 friends they messed up on 3 of our orders food was nasty and cold they took forever and we basically had to ask for them  to give us a discount which was 2 dollars off our bill wow ..never had such a bad experience at this Red Robin clearly change of management.. Never coming here again!
Ate lunch here yesterday, KILLER Q!!!! Is it as good as Lexington # 1, the world capital of bar b q? Well, i wouldn't go that far however, if you are looking for high quality Q in the city, this is THE PLACE, no doubt.
Love this place!  Please get a tempest machine.
WORST hotel ever!!! So over rated, no one at the hotel has any sort of customer service what so ever...and to top it of the maids steal stuff out of the rooms...they stole my iPad and prescriptions yet the hotel continued to say they were \"liable\"
My FAVORITE bar in Vegas! I insist on coming here EVERY time I come to Sin City for at least one Scorpion (always on the rocks) to help kick the party into high gear. \n\nSolid food here too!
Been coming here for years since they opened back in 06 because the food tastes great.  Beats the pants off of Panda Express or Kyoto Bowl because the food is made fresh when you order.  Super psyched that the brand has expanded to a few other locations in the Tempe and Mesa area, hope they open shop in Chandler next!
Delicious.. Nice portions. Great view. Lovely server! Will return soon!
I'm a Fan because they fixed my Flat for free, which is standard for Discount Tire. For me FREE is always good.
Excellent service! They are helpful and friendly. Highly recommend.
The Icehouse is one of  my favorite places in all of Phoenix. If you get the opportunity to go please do! They host many art events through out the year. It is a truly a place of refuge from the city.
I was taken for lunch. Place obviously is popular. With my limited knowledge I thought a steak could not miss. My impression was expensive for a mediocre steak  Highly unimpressed. Service was barely adequate.
We eat here from time to time. It is good enough that we go back, but not my favorite. My husband thinks it is great.
I've been here twice since March (I'm from Texas) and it's just about the best used book store I've been to.  I've always found things I'm looking for, which isn't true other places.  I wish they would come to Austin.
This location is wonderful. I love the smiling faces and helpfulness of the staff. I love their prices! I love that they have Sara Bee kosher moscato! To die for!! I wish they had a larger selection but I know they are a much smaller store. I also love their sample bar in the back!
Absolutely amazing! It was like i was in Chinatown in San Fransisco. From 11 to 3 they serve everything on the menu and then after 3 they serve a shortened menu
Great atmosphere, Awesome service, Great place but it can be pricey $$$. I Love that everything is so fresh! Including drinks I had one or two martinis and every ten min they would change my martini glass so it would never get warm always chill and fresh !
Just ok at best no way all the rave reviews are people who have eaten there. Definitely a dive but not the amazing food kind of dive. The reviewers are from 1993.  Nice lady and nice service but prices for very mediocre food did not impress
Love what Smart Security has to offer! Josh is very knowledgeable, and I'm sure he can answer any security question that you can throw at him. Give him a call & check out the smart phone apps!
Blink and you may miss the parking lot entrance! This QT is conveniently located but finding the entrance to the parking lot is easily missed if you don't enter from the  neighboring business's lot.
Absolutely terrible. Roaches in the bathroom and all over the salsa bar. The store smelled terrible the moment I walked in.  I'll never eat here again.
No thank you food was over cooked bland
It would help if the staff new the different sizes... i ordered a grande and got a tall... really... there is even a sticker on the side of the cup that said GR then why serve a tall.. not very smart!
cheap, plentiful booze sold to you from a Korean family that puts out self a facing TV commercials. I base my Liquor store experience with my first child experience of a liquor store that I remember being in, which would be Applejacks up in the Denver area. That is my benchmark and Lee's is not there
Awesome place awesome food awesome music, what a great place since they expanded. A must place for a night out on Friday or Saturday.
I didn't like the food and i normally will eat everything. It was just not as good as it looked.
The garlic bread was frozen. I got fettuccine Alfredo and it was terrible, it wasn't an Alfredo sauce and it was linguine. My boyfriend got the chicken Parmesan and it was soggy. We didn't eat there at all, paid for our drinks, and went to another restaurant.
Small little bar in a strip mall. Good place for beer and watching the games. Nothing fancy. Kareoke on weekends if your into that. A couple of regulars are always there.
Love this theater...I prefer to drive here over Red Rock so much less crowded. \n\nIf only LBS and Yardhouse were here as well ;D
If you like beer... drink beer here. Its like getting punched with an eagle fist in the mouth, but in a good way.
What a wonderful evening! The Ono was amazing, and our server recommended a wine that went perfectly with it. Service was great. we will be back.
Sometimes the steak is rare.  Actually a lot of times the steak is rare.  I like mine more medium.  Overall the burrito or burrito bowl hit their mark.  Love the guac.
While the facility was relatively clean, I was quickly reminded why it's been 15 years since I last put this food in my mouth. The burger was disgusting on a level equal to what I imagine purina dog food would taste like. They need to change the name to Crap In The Box.
Yes this place is really nice. Has a great atmosphere, good drinks, and the music was good. I'd come here again if I come back to Montreal.
I sort of didn't like how the tables were dirty, and the food was alright.\n\nNot a fan.
In this age of hurry up and go banking, I still really like the interaction with a person that's handling my business. I enjoy my experience when I go inside.. The tellers are always friendly and remember my name.. Not a big thing but its nice..
Stacey was fantastic. Although it was a short visit, she took her time and it was the best wax I've ever had.
This place has a nice Texas meets Arizona feel to it. The chips and salsa are wonderful. Had the crunchy tacos... True to their word, they are crunchy. Go for the prime rib soft tacos and you won't be disappointed.
A decent breakfast option very close to the casino floor and the front entrance.  Good service.
This very well could be Pita Heaven but instead it was Dolma Hell!\nThey were canned and dreadful.\nThat is all.\n\n1 star based solely on the Dolma.
Lunch with girlfriend.  I had the spinach salad which was very good.  Food came out quick, would eat there again.
Great deli meats, cheeses, sandwiches and accompaniments at a decent price. Really good homemade cheesecakes, by the slice. Also carry a variety of good beers, though these are a little pricey.
I really like the ambient in this place.... the food is always outstanding and the drinks prepared it right and nice for any kind of taste. the servers always nice and warmth and when they have the alive band is a nice going party... great for a date to impress.!!
Two Martinis, Waldorf salad (bacon / walnuts / apples / grapes / celery / green goddess dressing / aged cheddar) and Mac & Cheese (chorizo / pulled pork / government cheese).\n\nAt the bar.\n\nPerfect.
We ran into this place yesterday and we were really happy to find it!  It's a cute pub and they have live music on Saturdays.  We got some beers and wings.  The wings were delicious and the service was great as well.
God awful place. Dirty and unorganized. People are rude and non caring.  Why would any one shop here.
This is a very personal experience.  I have been to several spa's for waxing and hands down this has been the BEST! I was terrified when I first went in...after my wax appointment I left impressed and without torture.  I love this place. Thanks Pretty Kitty!
Great service and friendly staff. Always going the extra mile on every aspect of the stay.
Food did not sit well with our group a few of them were sick the next day. Could have been an off night but we won't be back.
Grabbed lunch here with my 8 year old.  She recognized the name and wanted to give it a try.  One word can summarized the whole experience for me - meh.
Pretty legit and reasonably priced pizza. Serious slice (1 gigantic slice + 2 toppings) comes with a drink (unlimited refills) goes for about 6 bucks. Make sure you use their Joe Sauce, it is amazing! Probably the best pizza I have had in AZ but then again I haven't had all that much.
It was a 2 hour wait with online reservations, but after that everything was quick and smooth. This place needs more staff. The car was nice and the return was smooth. You get what you pay for, and you don't pay much.
Usually very busy, being that it's between the mall and theater, but great food as always.
Has is $ 3.11 here today. Not bad.\nPretty decent price on gas for this quick  being one block from the on and off ramp of the 101 there is a low 's, BurgerKing, $.99 store and McDonald's and golds gym on the same road.
Not much to say other then you better have money if you think you're going to shop here. They have a couple restraints I look forward to trying but will never come back to shop. Watch out for the security. They were following me everywhere like I was a criminal. I assume it was because I was wearing sweats.
They use styrofoam for everything (not just their to-go boxes). The activist in me can't see past the piles and piles of styrofoam they unapologetically go through each day. I will admit that the food is good, but not good enough for me to go back.
Not sure why it says it's closed, because it's not. I had the best massage here yesterday! I would recommend Tara, she's amazing. The place is very well kept and they have great decor to make the place feel inviting.
Very good breakfast. You can tell a lot of care is taken with the food. Very friendly staff and nice casual atmosphere.
Food tasty for a fast food.
How I love your burgers so, \nyour french fries are delightful. \n\nIt's flattering for my waistline \nthat I eat you only on West Coast time.
Great Chili Cheese fries and plenty of sports channels to pick from. Impressive shot menu as well. We'll definitely be back!!!
Meh.. Breakfast Service seemed to be angry at each other or something. Got the job done. Prices high plating is nice but food was cool. Had the Huevos Rancheros.
Pros\n-Good Bottle service\n-Nice looking place\n\nCons\n-way to crowded\n-girls suck there\n-bathrooms are hard to get to
This is a great place to work out and train, no matter what your body type is. I highly recommend Christian to help you, he is a phenomenal trainer and motivator to help you attain your goals.
Horrible worst service I've ever had. Slow no check backs no refills asked for one it never came. Poured water with glasses on the table splashing ever where. Watched an employee use the bathroom and then not wash hands. Food was great but can't say I'll be back.
Good food for the price.....A lot of food!!
All 5 of us agreed that this was the worst asian restaurant we ever ate at. Avoid at all cost!
We grabbed a few drinks at this bar and I am giving it 5 stars because of how friendly and how good the bartender was. He greeted us immediately, and we had drinks in our hand in an instant. Props to you mr. bartender
The owner is friendly and the store is clean and well organized.  I thought it could have had a bit more variety and some of the items were a bit raggedy with a hole here and there.  I purchased two items but only because I had a yelp deal that I needed to use on this visit to las vegas.
JUNK.  I'm very disappointed in Yelp reviews on this one.  The flavors were not that great.  Nan bread did not come out until we were finished with our lunch.  I will not be back.  There is another place here in LV that blows this place away.
Overall I was impressed by how the flavors in the food complemented one another without any being over-powering.  The clam chowder is very good, and the cauliflower gratin is superb.  I was disappointed with the lobster bolognese; it was a bit bland.
this place has just become synonymous to my vegas trips. 2 days in a row of hangover panacea, so far ive tried the \"caprese\" and \"the original\", both are to die for.  extremely recommended. fuck me.
Weak Target compared to most; grocery selection is minimal, aisles aren't very well organized, employees not terribly helpful.  Stopped in here to pick up some odds n' ends but eventually ended up heading over to Wal-Mart which says plenty...
Came in for a date night with my bride and really enjoyed the whole experience. The beer menu is simply stunning and the food was really good. This place is consistently busy for a reason. I would say that everyone could find something to like from the vast food menu they offer. I look forward to returning to this place.
#TacoTuesday destination.  Good prices, awesome El Pastor and Fish taco.  Chicken was somewhat boring but still a great spot.
A must see-beautiful masterpiece.
I ordered the seafood trio on the lunch special with side salad and it was fantastic. Salad was extra but entr\u00e9e was $15. Great service and great environment for a casual date
If you are looking for pizza on the sweeter side with friendly servers this place stays consistent in its tastyness!
Top favorite place to grab food. The beer the food is amazing. Love sitting outside. Dog friendly too. They ingredient and combinations of flavors are the best. Small menu, and for good reason, great place!!
What a nice place to have a special meal done with an artistic touch, served with an exotic juice, to make you feel the indulgence of the city. Orders are served particularly fast.
This place was taken over and remodeled recently(within the last 4 months). The new owners seem to get it. This place is great for the value. I would ignore any posts older than 4 months or so since it is not the same place.
didn't like it at all. overpriced and staff wasn't all that friendly. food was whatevers. I went here about 2 years ago and haven't been back. Nothing about this place lures me to come back. I wouldn't really recommend to my friends.
Hard to get in on weekends during prime time hours without a reservation. One of my favorite places at Caesars.
Great BBQ dinners.  I have had the chicken and beef and both are excellent.  I especially like the \"Thank Q\" donut at the end of dinner.  Very unique touch that keeps me going back.
Fast, friendly, consistent service and drinks... Super fast drive through .
awful, owner is not nice, refuses to help, service and coffee drinks are awful.
Really good food, a nice ambiance and really attentive wait staff. Will be returning!
This place does not exist anymore. Wish they had taken the time to close their listing.
Wonderful. Great food, service and atmosphere. Luv, luv, luv the beef carpaccio. Went after the Rock n roll marathon. Sat in the bar. Very intimate and comfortable.
Adorable. Only has outdoor seating but they have misters.
Two words:\n\nAlcoholic Milkshake. \n\nDrunken Monkey. \n\nThe Cosmopolitan. \n\nHot stuff.\n\nYes, please!
If i recalled correctly, this was the first club I went to in vegas ..and it was okay. Did not wow me too much.
Ordered one of their specialty ramen bowls, the curry one. Broth was good enough and not spicy at all by asian standards. Beef came as sliced and frankly quite dry. Also ordered their gyoza (pot-stickers). They looked nice but tasted OK.Overall not a bad place to go.
I will give zero star if I can. Bad service. Dim sum is just so so. Rice noodle is the worst I ever have in the restaurants----a few and very very short noodle and 3 fish balls (which  taste like the one I buy in any market).
Really uppity place in Vegas that isn't that nice. We went because my friend had already gotten our names on the list, but beware, there is a line to get through the front door and another to get upstairs.\n\nDrinks aren't that great for the price.
I came here for pre festival meal. My green Thai curry was delicious, the fruit crumble was pretty average though. Add a glass of Rose and the whole meal came to about 18 quid. Umm, to be honest I've had better meals.....
Info:\n\nJust booked Hotel Sierra for $89 per night!  Beautiful new hotel that is under the Hyatt brand...  Go Look at Hotwire!!\n\nJohn
AWESOME - JUST AWESOME!! One of the best gourmet burgers I've ever had. Great service. Now.... The wings could be the best in Phoenix. We will definitely be back when visiting next time.
The owner greeted us as we walked in- they were jammed packed but he got us a seat outside in less than 5 min. the server was kind too and the food amazing! the price is cheap for what you get! I had the southwestern sandwich and french onion soup which were both excellent!
Pretty damn good! Small but very filling. The sandwich (Chipotle Chicken Avocado) was fresh and hot, great taste. Just enough of each ingredient; balanced. The bread was fresh and soft too! The price is cheap, but it's a far from cheap sandwich!
Janet is my waxing lady & she is magnificent! Always willing to work around my schedule and squeeze me in when needed. Quick, clean and very professional! Linda is amazing at doing nails, although I don't get them done anymore, she is the QUICKEST nail lady in town! Definitely recommend Perfect 10 Nails!
Raspberry stuffed french toast.......enough said
Bad... food was horrible... do not waste your time or money
This place is awesome. Come hungry because the food portions are huge and the beer is awesome.
Yes, nice folks, nice store.  Questionable jewelry repair.  Disorganized, no personalized concern or individual responsibility.  Have had trouble with misplaced pieces that sit for weeks and a bracelet damaged in the store.
Came here from out of town. My friend said this was the best sushi she has ever had. I have had a lot of sushi all across this nation and I have to say....it was excellent. The server was polite and very prompt with our needs.  If you like sushi I would recommend this place.
This place gets worse and worse every time I come. If the soda machine isn't broken, then the credit card machine is down. The drive thru lane takes much longer than it ever should. They may have given the outside a face lift but I haven't had a pleasant experience since. Avoid this location if you can.
Awesome location with friendly service. Love sitting outside and people watching. More expensive than Starbucks which is a little painful.
What a fun place--and right next door to Stand Up Live! 80+Beers on tap, great food, excellent service. I couldn't have asked for a nicer visit!  Crowded but not overly so, food served hot, beer served ice cold. Can't wait to go back!
Always have plenty of bartenders, so nice to not have to fight to put a drink order in. Game day menu has vegetarian options unlike some other places & it's not bad food at all.
Entire rental experience was a complete disaster. Rent somewhere else.
Really good food and their bakery amazing. Bit pricey and their times are too short. They need to open on Sundays. LOVe their macaroons
ehh food was ok services forgot the oj and the toast
Oubliez le service avec un sourire. Ici, ce qui compte, c'est la saveur des plats!
Awesome local cafe...love the breakfast skillets. Whenever I am back in Vegas I am sure to visit.  Great menu, friendly wait staff, and fun beach atmosphere.
These guys helped me build my bike from frame up. They had all the parts and ordered the ones they didn't have promptly. I was educated by the techs and overall happy with the service I received.
I had cox and never had issues. My wife thought it would be smart too bundle and it was the worst idea!!!! Been through two internet boxes!!! It sucks !!! Absolutely horrible. I never had an issue with Cox!! I WILZl be going back!!!
Nice theater and nice leather seats but not sure it's needed especially near college town. Curious how long it will last at the price they are charging.
The only reason I'm giving this place a 4 is because of the LOX they have with smoked salmon and our waitress Laureen. She was awesome and on top of things ! Her smile could light up a room and her personality compares to our president! Well done!
Excellent service. Chris G went above and beyond for us with new tires and even put on windshield wipers. Thank you!
My bagel was toasted but still chewy, and they smeared it too soon so that all my cream cheese slid off. Their iced green tea is awfully sweetened, and they don't warn you of this beforehand. You should be able to sweeten your own tea, if you please.
XL lobster roll 23 bucks! It didnt taste fresh ( Frozen), and had to much Mayo. \n\nAlthough I really did like the Hot dog roll that was drenched in Butter and toasted to Perfection!
Awesome hotel, great service, free upgrade, great view  etc....stayed in the Augustus Tower... room #3476 had an amazing view of the strip and bellagio fountians... will stay here again.
OMG sbarros! You guys suck in Las Vegas! The prices were high for no reason, there was no combos, and the flavor of the food was not good :( \nAnd I LOVE the sbarros here in SD, so believe me I know what Sbarros is supposed to taste like.
Great Happy Hour! I have been to the all day happy hour on Sundays and they have great deals including all the craft beers too! Only downfall is its a seahawk support  bar so if you are a fan of any other team it is hard to sit to watch any other game but great service! great food! and a great beer selection!
The banana split is one of the best deals in Las Vegas. Cheaper than 2 scoops, you get 3 huge scoops, banana, choice of topping, whipped cream, nuts and a cherry! The Mac Nut and Manilla Mango are the best!
As a last-minute decision this was a fantastic place for a late-night food fix. The staff was friendly and the food was fresh, delicious and quite filling. I highly recommend the Venetian chicken sandwich with the Vegas Chip fries.
Bomb ass tacos
Ordered 'The Vito' sandwich was half ass made with no lettuce also, customer service was terrible will never go back!
Waited 10-15 minutes - got no service from any of the 6 waitresses that walked by multiple times or the one that was sitting at the next table.\n\nBeen here a few times and the service was never great but getting no service at all was a first.\n\nNot going back.
I had wanted to go here forever to try the frozen hot chocolate. It was good but not outstanding, I guess the anticipation built it up to be amazing. It did really hit the spot in the hot Vegas sun though! My sister had the classic sundae and it was huge but very good.
The waitress was super slow so much so we abandoned our table and walked up to the bar. The food was medi-ocre and overpriced. The bartender on the other hand was pretty good. I give him 3 1/2 stars.
Lovely service, delicious food. Shedded apple and chicken salad with mint was amazing!
Fair...nothing special at this restaurant. Wine by the glass is expensive with a limited selection.
Great food - but the host is keeping a line waiting for seats in a half empty restaurant ?  Really ?
The Rogue can be fun.  You have to be good and liquored up when you go, and go with a bunch of people.  Strictly a Saturday night bar.  Lots of greasers during the weekdays.  Strong drinks.
Usually love this place, go almost everytime we are in vegas.  Just be sure to check the band before you go.  some are definately better than others.  I love that the waitress who works here always remembers me and my fiance.  and we only go once or twice a year.  I was very impressed by that.
Went there tonight for the first time. Really good experience overall. Great upbeat vibe with cool music, beautiful men and women. The sushi was very goo, the infused sake was too. Service was prompt and kind and happy hour prices quite reasonable.
Shop no longer exists--now a chocolate shop
There is an elderly women who works the front counter and she is AWESOME! So is the owner/manager. Most of the time the drive thru is crazy but they always get my coffee just right.
I go to Ari Sushi whenever I can. Good rolls, great price for the area (so close to scottsdale..) I just love pretty much everything about the atmosphere and feel of the place too. Nice for people who want a feel of a family sushi place. They actually place Japanese music too.
Popular cafe well situated and offering a good spot for people watching on George IV Bridge. Only consumed a pot of tea and a Danish pastry but it was pretty chilled and the service was prompt despite that fact that it was practically full. On this evidence I'd visit again.
Mid day is a good time to come with limited waits. Also you can check in before you arrive with an app or online :)\n\nThe service is good, but not the price for a cut. Basic cuts, nothing special here!
Meh. Not authentic. I do recall the margaritas were interesting but this review is based on the food, which I've tried a few times now.
The best, authentic Chinese food I have found in Mesa.  Good food, affordable, and large servings.  It's what I'm looking for...
Used this company on most of my trips to vegas, never once had a problem. they're quick, convenient and have always been on time for me. The only downside on the return trip to the airport is, they recommend a much earlier airport arrival then necessary, so you do tend to have a longer wait at the airport then needed.
Overall it's above average. Cupcakes are delicious and make you want more and more. Macaroons are worth the stop. Try it out
Nice atmosphere.  Owner is very nice. Manicure was average.  Not cheap though.... more expensive for a manicure pedicurr than Washington,  DC. Glad I did not try to go to $$ salon. Would come back if back in town. Discount for those who pay cash....nice option.
I really enjoy the food! I had short ribs and calamari for apps and spicy noodles and Seabass.... Ambiance is fantastic!!!! Good cocktail menu as well
This place is ok. Have a blast.
I really do like FOPP. Great GREAT range of DVDs and music. Not sure if its independent but at least I can get some good stuff here, also some cool books!
Great New York style hand tossed pizza, wings and Italian dishes.\nWorth the trip from the strip.
This place is the dumps.... for food. If you like nice decor and a warm atmosphere its for you but... for food. Its stinks! Very average food and high prices. Its like a Dennys covered up with nice lingerie. SKIP IT.
I have eaten at several Bonefish across the country and I have to say they are very consistent! The food is always fresh, good, priced right, and the staff is always well trained. \n\nI love the Wed $5 bang bang shrimp special it is always awesome!
I have to have a cheeseburger from Fireside at least once every other week. I believe they are wood-fired. The fries are awesome! Plus, Great beers on tap.
Had fun here, got a little crazy here with friends. Good crowd. Just hoping no one took pictures.
Good food and good customer service. \n\nStaff is always very friendly and food always tastes great. I recommend the Greek salad. \n\nPros\n- Good food\n- Good customer service\n- Fast service\n\nCons\n-idk
Bad service.
It did take a while to get our drinks here, but they were super apologetic. It wasn't a big deal as we realized there was someone new that was also training so it took a little longer to get all the drinks ready. Not a big deal.\n\nDrinks were tasty and I had happy kids.
Liked it but you guys to place on closer to my house in the LBC, food was great and the choices were really cool...please get one built out our way.
Love this place!!  Great food ,friendly staff and pleasant atmosphere.  The Osso Bucco is so.e of the best I have had, and the pasta dishes are always perfectly prepared!!
great food....ambiance lacking....both waitresses love to call everyone \"hey guys\"...gets old realy quickly....
What a great place! It's off strip location but highly recommend this place if you are looking for a nice Izakaya type of place at reasonable price.\nSashimi salad, Sea food chawanmushi, enoki mushrooms and the home made tofu were incredibly good.
An okay place to grab some drinks or a bite to eat.  There is a great view of Downtown when you are sitting outside however there are trains that pass by a lot and they are really loud.  You have to stop your conversation until they pass.\n\nThe food is typical bar food and the drink selection is no bad.
For some reason everything time I come through the drive threw, they are slow and rude. Wonder what's happening inside smh
Nice, spacious room that looked like it had been remodeled in the last couple of years. Great location on the strip, close to everything. The spa was great (separate review). All in all, good hotel for a nice price.
Shattered my iPhone 4 glass screen after 3 years of use. Took my phone to Desert Wireless and was very pleased. Danny was very friendly, service was excellent and took exactly as long as promised and price was reasonable. Highly recommend this place, they saved me +300!
The best pizza I have had in a long time. Got the carnivore and a salad. I'm from the east coast and the pizza reminded me of the pizza back home, except better! The owner thanked us for coming when we left. I thought that was a nice touch. They are going to need a bigger building soon.
The food is pretty good, but do not order from here unless you want your food to be totally wrong when it's delievered. This has happened to me 5 out of the 8 times I have order from here within the year.\n\nProbably won't order from here again.
Food is excellent!  The place is kinda small, but there is no shortage of stuff to look at.  Just a cool place to eat.  I'll definitely be back!
The food here is super tasty, portions are generous, and the staff is very courteous! I've never been to Hawaii, and haven't really wanted to go, but eating here makes me want to go just for the food!
I was not impressed by this place.  For $10 I got $6 worth of food.  My pita consisted of cheese, the occasional red pepper, and one slice of lunch meat turkey, but was mostly bread.  The soup, which was the best part of the meal, tasted like it came from a can.
Food is amazing. Fresh, made to order and good prices. Service is subpar at  best. Not sure if the lady owns the place or is a cashier but I have been back several times for the food and she manages to be rude, short and irritated every time.
ehhhh they're food is ok. the scallops were the only things I really enjoyed. everything else I feel I could do at home at a much cheaper price.
Tried this place today for the first time. I had the curry chicken and my boyfriend had jerk chicken. Both were excellent. Also had the meat patty. So good. We will definitely be back !
Always fun to visit, stay & live it up. Go!
My experience at Cafe Plume was great! They had really great pastries, great coffee, and the service was extremely friendly and accommodating. And with the free wifi there as well, it was very easy to spend lots of time in the cozy coffee shop.
This place flat out sucks ass\nValet guy went threw my shit\nThe girls are average at best\nAnd it's in the ghetto.
Just like the Vig in Arcadia - this place is cool.   Just sat at the bar because we couldn't possibly get a table.  The service, drinks and food was pretty good, although the carnitas on the nachos was pretty dry.   I would definitely go back.   Good vibe!
AWFUL.
WOW! That is all
I needed some money and I happened to drove-by and saw a Chase logo inside the store, went in and got my money.  Happy to see Walgreens and Chases partnered up for portable ATM.
Anytime I am in the Glendale area I love stopping in.  I have only ordered one kind of  sandwhich from this place, and will always order it. They are very good and I love the fact that you can get your sandwich any way you want it.  Will continue to go back.
Believe previous ratings for this restaurant. Slow, I mean slow,service. Management really should be retrained. This was my third visit. I hoped the first two disappointing experiences were just a case of \"just one of those days.\"but three strikes I'm out.
Love this place! Use to come here all the time after school , conveniently located right next to UNLV. Their meats are good everything tastes fresh suggest ordering the Mix plate along with their shanghai lumpia. portions seem a litlte small compared to other hawaiian food places but i sitll recommend it.
I've been here 4 times now and consistently disappointed. Fish and chips were soft and soggy, the club sandwich worse. Probably an OK place to drink but I would avoid the food.
I'll make this short and simple....terrible service  and food NOT worth the price. There are much better options for lunch/brunch. Their frozen hot chocolate is tasty, however.
Good donuts, high high high prices, bad politics.   Won't get my $ again!
Food so good that I wanted to eat them with my genitals.
adobo fried rice omelette
I love coming to this Fry's, it is always so clean. Their customer service people know what they are talking about, and they know where everything is. Its also easy to find an employee when i have question, i don't have to go hunting around to find someone. I love this Fry's!
Food is average, cost is Moderate, service is bad, too crowded and not organized. Comparing to good indian resturant this is not good.
Very hip resort casino. The rooms have a boutique feel & unique vibe.  The location is close enough to the main strip to walk, yet far enough away to get away from the craziness. The use of monkeys throughout the resort gives a quirky but fun ambience. The restaurants are outstanding, especially Cleo.
This place is dirty - they need to hire more people to clean the trash off the floor and the puke off the sidewalks. \n\nSo, why not 1 or 2 stars? Well, because there are slots while you wait, a fair amount of places to eat, free wifi, and lots  of security lanes.
It is ok, nothing fantastic.  Definitely not the best thai food, but it would work in a bind.  Very average.
Non-smoking rooms don't really exist, older facilities and staff...meh. Never again.
not having ever tasted Pat's or Geno's in Philly, this was a pretty weak sandwich.
Fast, quick, exactly what you would expect from a breakfast restaurant. Passing through Las Vegas and we noticed this place had 4.5 stars.  The staff is friendly & accommodating. Thank you Yelp!
Great store!, less then a minute wait, techs great help, (thanks Zee), another very satisfied customer.
Eating at Andy's Sushi Bar was always an experience.  Probably the worst part is the long line, but in a way that is good because I always felt that sushi was very fresh with lots of turnover.  The prices are excellent and Andy is hysterical.  I wish I could eat here more.
There is no better raw food place in town. It's expensive but worth it. I have tried pretty much everything and it is all good. Try the hummus and the Mexicali pizza.\nIt can't be easy to get fresh food in the desert so I'm sure that causes a price increase.
Its really just a haircut joint, nothing special. I usually let Jasmine cut my hair.  She does a good job consistently. I had my hair cut for a new job & she did an excellent job, scissors up top & clippers on the side.
Seriously summerlin bachi burger you are killing me. I just want to order for pick up and your gd phone never works. Will just start going somewhere else.
This has been closed - out of business.
Great for happy hour!  THey also have all you can eat tacos for $5 every Friday.  Ask for Rich as a bartender.  He's the man.
Awesome! The Mustang sandwich was wonderful, and the chocolate banana peanut butter pie was amazing.  Need to stop here while in Wickenburg.
Burgers were great, you get free refils on fries.   Waiter was very friendly.   Only negative I could say is I ordered \"some pink\" on my burger and it came out medium to medium well.
Although good food, everything else is terrible. I was willing to put up with bad service until I was denied service at all... TWICE! ok, Yellowtail is off my list! Good luck, hit it right and it's great, hit it wrong and you'll never come back...
This was the next stop on the pub crawl.  I enjoyed a Jameson and Coke here.  It was a little off-putting when we were accosted at the door by the waitress with menus, ready to take our order, but she was clearly smarter than us because by the time we found some seats and settled in, the drinks were flowing.
I love this place, best coffee house in town and they have almond milk!! The Grouchy John Frappe with almond milk is the best.
2 weeks after being promised a credit for 1 night, still nothing!!!  Was on the phone over 45 minutes with no results....
When you walk into the hotel you'll be blown away by the beautiful and grand lobby...has a real old time glamour vibe. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I'll definitely stay here next time I'm in Pittsburgh
Duh! Field Kitchen is the stupidest idea ever, I will NEVER go back. They don't even have any toppings for the frozen yogurt.
Called them late yesterday for my rental condo, they gave me a price over the phone. The technician showed up promptly this morning, replaced the springs, and stuck to the price. Great find, great company, great worker. Will use them again.
The staff here is very welcoming. If you have any hesitations about a Spa/salon then they will definitely set your mind at ease.\n\nI plan on returning for a wonderful massage!
I love the food, but its just pizza they are over charging and trying to make the place way too swanky.  I have been to Italy every two-bit chef can make delicious pizzas like these there.  They difference is they don't overcharge you or pretend its some kind of delicacy.
Good service and a decent latte.
The food was pretty good but the server was so bad it ruined our experience.  Everything you could imagine a server could do wrong happened...Better service would have bumped this review to a 3.5 or 4 star spot.
Nice staff. Good location and setting. My man in the kitchen needs to work on his quality control....cold sausage was delivered to the table....
very horrible they didnt twll me they were only taking cash until after i had ordered ehat i wanted if that was the casw why did you have me wait in line for that long and not twll me till i was at the register
I asked for no onions and pickles but I might as well have asked for a punch in the mouth because I got neither.
The customer service at this place is awful. I waited for 15 minutes before I was put on a waiting list to wait even longer. Then on the waiting list, I waited for another 30 minutes... TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!
Food is great.  Everything is made to order, soups included.  So, they can customize everything to your taste.  Family run, and it feels nice just to be there.  The prices are excellent, excellent value.
Great food, great service, great margaritas ... what else do you need in a Mexican restaurant. The Chips and Salsa were fresh and arrived quickly as did our drinks and food.\n\nJust moved to the area and will be returning!
Nice little place. Donuts are yummy and fresh. Coffee is good. They have a deal for a coffee and donut for $4.50. Cashier was really nice.
Called to make an appointment. Was asked what insurance I have and told her I didn't have insurance. She said Dr. Venkat wasn't currently taking cash patients. Wtf! Seems kinda rude.
Small rooms compared to the west coast. The location is awesome and had a great view. Will likely spend the money on our next trip for a game.
This place is surprisingly good. Service was.....interesting. But pizza was fresh out of the oven and tasted good. I'll be back again.
I loved this buffet one of the best in town. It is worth trying during your visit.
Food is ok, not happy with service, my waitresses name was Rihanna or something, she was very rude, got our order wrong then didn't seem to care, i suspect she spit in my sauce.
Terrible.  WAY overpriced for very small portions of low quality sushi.  The smallest rainbow roll I've ever received.
Stopped in for lunch during work. Employees friendly. Restroom dirty and a homeless guy sleeping at one of booths under the tv.
First time trying toppers pizza, will never try again. Extremely greasy, the pizza smelled like burning plastic and tasted like chemicals. Not good at all.
First off have to say that our waiter Eric B. was awesome.  We've been there twice and each time he was kind and courteous.  And as for the food it was wonderful as well. Had the poached eggs this time and I can't wait to go back.
They said hey you've got 30 days to call to get your carpet recleaned, but guess what??? Nope these people suck in scheduling, communication and cleaning the carpet. Mine is still dirty and stinky. \nI do not recommend them!
The best place to eat on Freemont Street!  Their pizzas are my favorite in the West (I.e. not Chicago or New York).  In previous visits I've had several of the appetizers,  salads and pastas.  All were good.  At happy hour you can get the full size pizza for half price.
On peut m\u00eame se faire graver son nom sur un m&ms !\nunique !!
Staff is amazingly friendly. Burgers are terrific, beer is cold and I could definitely see my self coming back.
We went here a few weeks ago. The service was not good, the food was not good and the salsa had so much salt you could not taste anything but salt. I will not be going back.
Food was good and service was great. I would go back:)
Good, Quick Mexican Food. Made to order. Fresh salsa & chips. Great Guacamole. Good prices.
Good food but so expensive comparing \nFor the food they serve, the service is great the margaritas need to be better although they said it was made from scratch but didn't buy that
Every trip we go for a pint and some Black Bush. Always leave disappointed. Grew up in McSorley's so I'm always looking for something to stir the memories. Not worth the trip unless you're at the Excalibur, MGM or NYNY. It's ain't NY.
LOVE giving 5 star ratings and Roma is more than deserving. Boyfriend showed this place to me about 6 months months ago and I (scratch that, we) just can't stop. Chicken parm sandwich, every time.
Cheap beer decent food. You get what you came for in this place. Can get loud but that's to be expected from a blue collar dive bar
They need to add some dark chicken curry to their menu.
Da. Bomb.
The best Cirque show I've seen......  The special effects and use of props were AMAZING!  You will not be disapointed!
My husband and I brought my mom here when she was visiting to grab breakfast. They were a bit unorganized. The food was okay, but the service was pretty slow (constantly had to flag down someone for refills of coffee), but they were nice.
Try the Baramudi!  That's all I'm going to say with my 5 stars selected!
I was at this airport for a few mins as I connected. Would have liked to enjoy my supposedly one hour layover but my previous flight at LAX was delayed for no reason.
My new favorite place for gyros!! Large portions, choice of fries, salad or soup with with gyro for under $8.00. Everything was fresh and clean. Service was friendly and quick. Will definitely be back!!!
Love this place... Great people full of love and life.  Paul Goulet's messages are relevant and timely. The worship is amazing.
Almost no room for non-drinkers. Really pretty. Best bathroom. Hotdog stand and mcdonalds outside.
The Beach house is probably one of our favorite breakfast places. The walleye and eggs are truly a specialty. Their fish fry is also very good and they have a nice view of lake Wabesa. If they expanded food and drinks outside, they'd have a 5 star.
To me this place is cool. I like the food and the prices are good. Not to say that that u can get food anytime! Half sandwich and soup was a good size to fill up and tasted great. Good deal
Not much into crab cakes (that seems to be their specialty)....but the lobster bisque and seared Ahi tuna (with horseradish sauce) really surprised me (for 'airport' food).  Well worth a visit for a weary traveler!
Tellers there are idiots.  I requested a cashiers check then he insists to give me a money order because the bank says if its under $1k to do so. What do you know I go to close on our house and I do need a cashiers check. Thanks for the knowledgable tellers Wells Fargo.
They get the job done
They were not very nice. Would not substitute any meats for other meats (as I don't eat prok and there is a ton of pork on the menu). They also would not make our food into a burrito like the menu said it would at no cost. Would not come back
Excellent service, friendly knowledgeable staff. They really make you feel like part of the family. When I had a claim it was processed quickly. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
My boyfriend and I had a wonderful lunch here.  I had the crepe with brie and prosciutto.  It was excellent.  I also had the Kir cocktail, which was great.  It's a cute, romantic cafe.
Undersized dance floor, rude and pushy crowd, and bouncers who tell you to go back to the end of the line after you waited hours to get there, I think I need a lot more alcohol. Just wish I can blast my way through the crowd to get to their under-served bar...
Best Thai Food in Phoenix. Great Service, Great food. no gimmicks
I've been using the UPS Store in Blakeney for my businesses for 2 years and it's been a great experience and resource.  The staff is always friendly and very helpful whether it's for shipping, copying, document scanning, etc.  I highly recommend them.
+ cute little place in old montreal, nice music, pleasant staff \n- extremely expensive for what you get, salad wasn't fresh at all, hard to get there
My BFF and I stayed a couple of nites at this horrible hotel.  The front desk clerks didn't have a smile on their faces, and the Avis person had such a sour look on her face that it was awful.
I love this spot. The menu is so good that it is hard to choose what to order, but the spinach salad and pesto pizza are my faves. Service usually good, but my last visit caused me to drop a star.
This station used to be everything the other reviewers have said, a mix station devoid of annoying DJ banter.\n\nIt is now a Republican talk radio station with Sean Hannity and Glenn Beck (I think) among others. I am deeply disappointed.
Rochelle at Rochelle's Salon & Spa did my hair and it looks amazing! If you are looking for a fresh look and great color, call Rochelle today!   I have been going to Rochelle's Salon & Spa for five years now and her creativity never stops...call the salon today!
I've been coming here since I was a kid. Haven't found a place with better pancakes yet. Friendly and attentive service. The cash only policy is annoying because I always forget but it's worth it.
Highly recommend! Great food!  I had a burger made from antibiotic/hormone-free beef. It was cooked perfectly--juicy and delicious! Everything tasted really fresh.
Had Mike do some rewiring in my kitchen remodel.  Highly recommend!  Mike is fast, professional VERY affordable and a \"Good Guy.\" \n\nThanks Mike!
Bourbon Steak House- was fantastic\n\nProperty not well maintained \n\nThe property staff and service is deplorable --- STAY AWAY
For a college town-exceptional choices of tequila!  Some of the bartenders can get off the high horse and be a lil more friendly. DJ keeps crowd jumping!
This restaurant NEVER has disappointed me.  Great quaint atmosphere in Old Town Scottsdale......always seems to be buzzing no matter what night we go.  The service is spot on, food portions are great and the taste......WOW!
Food was terrible!! When I pay $32 I expect above average food!  I liked maybe a handful of the foods I tried! Crab/crap legs were terrible as well. I will not be coming back here...
$9 pie with fees and tax was $13. Took an hour to get delivered. And it tasted like garbage. Highly encourage anyone to avoid this stinkhole. Even the delivery guy was a dick.
Yum! So many options and at reasonable prices you can try more than one type of taco. The burritos are huge so maybe one will be enough... if not, I won't judge :)\n\nsuper clean, super friendly can't beat it :)
Very beautiful smallish theater. I enjoyed watching circus americana here and seeing there artwork. The boyfriend was not too impressed with the acoustics but I enjoyed seeing all that was capable with the space including use of large trampolines, spanish ropes, and swinging from the upper balcony.
Service was awesome. Emii was the best server ever. Had the happy hour menu and everything was awesome. And there was a yelp deal for the dessert and it was awesome. Scoop of ice cream with cornflakes and drizzled with chocolate. Omg so good!!
I went here once. Haircut was average, not bad not great. What really turned me off from this salon (other than the average haircut) was the owners response to someone who was unhappy with her cut. Get some class.
Great time here this past summer. Great service by Bex, she made sure everyone in my group had a great time. Very crowded but what do you expect! If you come here make sure you look for Bex, she'll hook it up.
Food was great as usual it's what you come to expect from an In N Out. The major problem with this location as mentioned by some other reviewers is the fact that the night shift is a skeleton crew. This causes super long wait times. The location also isn't too great so you really do wanna get in n out!
The food was so delicious! We ordered 5 pasta dishes and I large pizza! The service was even better! We all left full and happy and don't leave without trying the gelato.
Very nice flavors.  I like their menu and the sections of the different cuisines is interesting.
Delicious food, lots of options, very cozy, and well-priced.  No matter when you are going, call ahead for a reservation!
Biggest Forever 21 on earth!!!! You can't go in & come out empty handed (trust me I've tried) but all and all, there's a variety of styles for everyones liking. I always find what I need with a good/decent price range
I had an issue with a property I have under contract to sell. Ryan came out quickly and diagnosed the problem and repaired it in under an hour. Couldn't be happier! This is the best experience I've had with an electrician, and he was very reasonable on price. I definitely suggest him and will use him again.
Very mediocre. Salsa is spicy, but no fajitas, sauce covered sloppiness. Not coming back.
Got the \"chikn/ avo/ chipotle\" delicious. My husband got 2 because he couldn't choose: the montagu & the original...both were good. I really enjoyed a bite of his \"original\"
I want to go back and see if my second time in the restaurant is as good as the first because if it is I may never eat anywhere else. From appetizers to dessert everything was mouth watering. Comfort food at its finest.
I like their coffee much better than some of the other big names and the jelly donuts are \"to die for\".
It is what it is: a small, standing room only rock club. The drinks are overpriced compared to other venues in town.
Horrible service, employees seem to care less for the costumer! My food was horrible, the meat was dry and burned in the corners, today I realized why I haven't been in a bk in years! I'm never going back!!
Got there at 1o minutes to 2pm according to my Verizon phone. Doors locked. Sign says open till 2. We could see the people hiding out in the back. These operators will last less than the last 3 owners.
RUDE. We asked for gluten free crust and the waitress was super rude about saying \"no\". I understand you may not have it but the way she said \"we don't have it\" (direct quote) was disrespectful and straight rude.
40mins later and still waiting for my order! My first time here and I'm never coming back..
One thing when I travel is a list of \"Must See\" or \"Must Do\" wherever I visit.  This was recently added to Vegas lists.  Very well organized operation.  Safety is first and foremost.   Good fun ride.  Only problem....wish the line was longer and you'd go faster!!
Just opened, I will give them them the benefit of the doubt cause there other counterpart on charleston, not as good service could be better, layout is nice, ordered the burger, fries where great burger was burnt on the outside despite ordering med well, either they over used a blow torch or didn't clean the stove.
Good food.  Ok but not special.   Got the hot roast beef... Ok friend got the pastrami.... Big portion
Delicious, fresh, speedy mex!
Kind of a cute place, although a bit kitschy. The pulled pork sandwich was greasy and messy, but decent, but the banana cream pie contained gray bananas and left something to be desired. The coconut cream pie that a friend ordered was delicious!
Don't forget to check in while you're there for a free cannoli.
Amazing filet. Maybe best I've ever had. Make sure to get the gnocci side. And they don't tell you but you can get half order sides (that are also half price) so you can try more from the extensive side list.
Terminal 2 is absolutely the worst terminal ever. It took over an hour to get through security. They were making people that were TSA approved still remove their shoes. And there are no places to eat pre security. DONT FLY OUT OF THIS TERMINAL.
Chayo's is great! The food was amazing, the chips and guacamole was the best I have had in awhile. The decor is very ornate, I loved all the different sugar masks and crosses. Our waiter was so fun and attentive. I will be back to visit Chayo's again.
The food was ok. Preparation left something to be desired. Service was slow, aloof, and really not up to expectations. They even failed to bring silverware with the meals. The meat was not cooked to the requested level. We had high expectations, but left disappointed.  There are far better restaurants to choose in the area.
Atty Sominsky really helped us in a difficult time. We were overwhelmed with medical bills after a devastating car accident. Helping us get through the process gave us our life back. We are very grateful.
Great place to play and grab a beer at one of the two bars! Fields are well maintained an stadiums are sweet replicas!
Amazing food! So glad we gave it a shot- the prices almost scared us away... Very fun food, not a place for the picky eater. We will definitely be back.
We always have a great experience at Cowboy Ciao.  The Stetson chopped salad is so good!
I had the BLT pizza and the salad with strawberries. First off, the crust had no flavor, seems fried although it wasn't, salad dressing was balsamic but very heavy and strawberries were mushy, obviously not fresh.  Won't be back.  Service was good though, but food is not worth it.
Really great little diner!  Great food.  Reasonable prices. Great service.  Combinations are yummy.  I had a medley of breakfast items and ALL were outstanding.  By 1p on a Saturday it was easy to get a seat and service was super fast.  I will definitely go back.
Delicious and beautiful handmade chocolates that are unique. Friendly and courteous staff---love the local entrepreneur vibe and also the coffees are delish!
We've been coming here for years. The quality is consistently good, particularly for the price. My main criticism is the wait staff. For some reason, they are incapable of keeping good staff on hand. Sometimes this causes a longer wait time, but you simply can't beat the price. Try the sushi sandwich as an appetizer.
Average. Not the same as the jerk places in Chicago, but ok I guess. Food was sort of cold and rushed. My partner's pork was shredded and dry. The rice and beans were great.
Tried this place for the first time. Wanted some authentic Chinese food vs generic Panda Express. Loved it. Everything was very flavorful. I would recommend this place to friends and I will definitely be back again.
Came here late late night after stumbling over on the tram from the Mirage. The music was so loud (dang it I sound old), the interior was messy, and the bar service was slow. The bartender shoved lemons in our coronas, and the only genre of music was Latin/ Spanish music. I would not come back.
Good, but pricey.  I guess I should have expected that for the Las Vegas Strip.  The pineapple gelato was refreshing and flavorful.
Friendly local spot with good food every night of the week.  They did a great job with the inside.
Charming, small, simple and clean. Nice to see some remnants of these old school theaters still operating downtown. Went to see Bastards during the Three Rivers Film Festival. Staff are friendly and welcoming.
Store bought cookies are better than these.  Bleh!  Make your own.
Really good hole in the wall Vietnamese place. Will go here again.
The wings are delicious, the drinks are priced right and the staff is friendly and fun. Not to mention there are plenty of places to sit. If you don't want to sit at the bar you can opt for a comfy booth. Garth is the greatest.
The mall is awesome. the casino is a little creepy. We didn't stay here, just casino hopped. The architecture tripped me up a bit because I was afraid the ceiling was going to collapse. hahah... beautiful though. The casino area needs to be updated a little bit too... otherwise pretty cool!
Great service great atmosphere and good food!!!! The mahi tacos and jalape\u00f1o mashed potatoes are good. Will come back and try the tempura tuna tacos
3 baggers congregating around check out, only one bagging. Talking  amongst themselves about the lack of cashiers. Ignoring us completely till it was time to pay. Manager stood close by and said nothing.
Awsome
Worst experience of my life. No carry on cost you 40 $$. Check on 40$$ max 40 lb. Most airlines 50. No peanuts no water . No recline on seat. Basically a joke . Don't do it !!!! Fly southwest much better.
This is a great place to bring your children to run, play, dance and learn.  The staff here is excellent, the place is clean and safe.  We have been going here for 3 years and have not had a bad experience yet.
Owner is really hands-on. Very customer service centered establishment. I love their hummus wrap.
Great food, esp BBQ specials! Very casual atmosphere, indoors and out.  Traffic noise is distracing if eating outside. Good variety of drinks/beer. Our group was fine with it all.
The quality of their food is amazing and when I received the check I was shocked that it wasn't more expensive. If you are visiting Scottsdale AZ you have to make time for this resturant!
Nice sized parking lot. Friendly staff.
12/26 dinner. Very very long wait for food..service was poor. Our server~Heather wasn't pleasant or friendly to say the least.
Good Ole lip smacking Southern BBQ served very well with lots of fun and welcome atmosphere.
I suppose it's a good place if you like bringing your own booze, otherwise they pressure you to order lots of food and the food is not really the showcase. I had the pasta and the price was right, but there are just better options.
Like every other Bass Pro Shop lol
No fortune cookies? are you kidding me?!
Disappointed with Chipolte at Frank Lloyd Wright & Thompson Peak in North Scottsdale. We couldn't find a clean table inside or on the patio. The floor was dirty, and we didn't notice any effort to clean-up the restaurant.
1-800-plumbing is amazing. My husband and I are both Realtors and recommend them to all of our clients. They are quick and reliable. I only use them for our plumbing needs!
Il mange, elle boit, c'est comme ci, comme \u00e7a.
It's alright.  Half off for locals (a big reason why my husband likes it) and it's better than the station casino buffets.  I guess if you're hungry and don't have a lot of money.. why not?
I stayed there for 4 nights and was very comfy! there is a cute little kitchen and they leave you a basket with cheese,crackers,and fruit. beds were very comfy! will come back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The food here is cheap and decent quality, especially for Vegas. I've been here a couple times and enjoyed the food and drinks both times.
Waited 30 minutes for my sandwich while the rest of my party finished and the n had to wait for me to eat. Management was having serious trouble managing their orders. I Will not be returning.
cool spot.  good bbq.  \n\nwent for brunch with a group of friends.  inexpensive bottomless mimosas and excellent food.  simple design of the menu and decor but tastefully done.  The upstairs is big enough that you could easily throw a party.
It's not worth $43 bucks. If you are affiliated with any sort of event hosted there, make sure you grab some coupons. The only thing I liked was the oysters. Other than that, you could eat at Carnival World Buffet for half the price and still get your crab craving fix. :)
Food is great but service sucks \n\nWe waited half hour before refills on drinks never saw our waitress.\n\nShe got drinks wrong also.  \n\nThink her name was mercedes
i really like the ambiance
Best wings ever!! Love to order the family pack which is very affordable.\nNOT the most attractive place. it could definitely use a remodel or something . The only annoying thing is they dont accept credit/debit cards.\n\nGREAT food . They just need to keep up on the times.
A delightful evening, great staff, wonderful food.  The waiter was exceptional, gave close attention to our needs and kept us very happy throughout the service.  The food was truly exceptional.  Starters, soup, main course, and desert for two will be remembered as one of the greatest evenings out we've enjoyed.
For the price that we paid $38 for dinner was a scam! Food wasn't great! The prime rib was over cooked, the lobster that we got was dry, the BBQ rib was dry. Selection of food is poor, the carnival buffet at the Rio has better selection then at the Aria. ..
Food is ok not great.
It's an airport. Not too exciting.
Great food very authentic. Duck fried rice was very good. Tom yum soup was super good.
Had their godiva chocolate cheesecake. Delicious. Great service as well.
Good tasting dumplings but a bit overpriced..what do you expect at Hilldale?
Beware! Horrible service. We went to all you can eat lunch and if you leave meat on the plate the waiter will charge you extra at the end of lunch. The meat looked like dog food with no flavor. I left the place wanting to throw up. Never again!!!!!!
I haven't been to a dentist in a while, the entire staff experience for my first was great.  My experience with Dr. Tom was exceptional. I would recommend this dentist without any hesitation.
Not as good as I expected. I ordered the fried oyster to start and was completely displeased. The service was not that great as well. Not returning anytime soon
Decent-Good craft beer (big selection) but their menu is so-so for me. I always end up noshing on their food after a couple drinks, but the menu is kind of pricy to go there just to eat. Cool environment, can get pretty busy but is often really low key.
I'd give this place a solid 3 stars ...\n\nGood burgers (mine was the standard with a fried egg and caramelized onions), good topping choices, good bread and good french fries (1 order is big enough to share).\n\nYou betcha.
Love the staff.  Holly the server has great knowledge and guides you through the menu like an Ace!   Kevin Bird, GM and bartenders are really nice.  So glad they have to come to our neighborhood to up the anty!
Very disappointed. We ordered margaritas during the Mayweather fight but they tasted like virgins and the waiter tried to convince us that they were not virgins. Do not order the margaritas they are watered down.
real pretty food and decor and but one of our servers was sub par at best...
Was back in town and a friend suggested pomo again. This time it was plain bad. The pizza came out fast but it tasted too salty and the tomato sauce was very sour. Pretty good service but with high prices and bad pizza I won't go back.
Just a regular pizza joint dressed for uptown. Not impressed.
I found them to be very unprofessional.  I will not use them ever again.
This place as just ok... I expected far too much from this place.  Guacomole should NEVER contain mostly sour cream... such an easy thing to make.  Calling it a dip does not excuse this!
The best NY pizza in the valley!! Being from Brooklyn myself I can testify that this is real not that NYPD pizza processed stuff. Mike and Tony are from the Bronx and like I said this is as close you can get to New York. Trust me!! You will not regret it!!!
The size of the rolls are tiny! The service is at least good and the bright side, the dragon roll and tuna roll I ordered were at least very fresh and delicious compared to some places that make giant rolls and are tasteless. I'm really trying to think quality over quantity, but I'm also paying for it.
Nikki is AMAZING!!! \nI found her by luck about a year ago and will never go to anyone else again. She truly cares about how your hair turns out.  She is very friendly, professional and great at what she does. Every time she does my hair I get compliments. You can't go wrong with Nikki!
totally loved T.I. it was my man & i first time stay in T.I. and it was beautiful from the casino, the rooms, the view, decor, overall, etc. It would be a place i would stay at again.
To be fair all I ordered was oatmeal, but my dad swears they have the best pancakes around! Perfect hidden breakfast spot to try.
I like this place.  Good service.  Food is pretty standard.
Literally watched as my pizza came out from running through the oven and it sat on a table for a solid 5 min before they ran it out. They brought out the wrong thing for my friend. Pizza was mediocre garlic knots were good.
I surprised my husband with a \"Dig This\" experience for Fathers Day.  He had a blast playing in the dirt.  He spent time digging holes and moving boulders and tires.  It is the perfect gift for a man (or woman) who enjoys   new experiences!
Great brown bag sandwich shop! I had an amazing curry chicken sandwich on a croissant with lettuce and tomatoes. The atmosphere here is very casual and friendly. They even have outdoor seating, televisions, and wifi!
Visiting from NoVA and visited for dinner.  Very good dinner - fresh food, nice wine list and drinks.  Casual atmosphere with lots of local folks.  We will return.
Decent Thai food. It doesn't stand out as anything special but the food is good! And locations make it an easy place to go to.
Used to have an awesome veggie burger. Last time I went it was disgusting. They claim they didn't change the recipe but after over twenty years of being veggie/vegan I think I can spot an overcooked, freezer burned Boca Burger when I taste one.
Our seats were shaking from people walking past our table next to the handicap ramp and the food wasn't the best quality. Crab legs were dry and the fruit looked like it was sitting out too Long. There are much better buffet deals in Vegas.
Craving a fresh salad so stopped by here today. The sign said open but door was locked and look closed on the inside. Disappointed because I've eaten here before and it was decent and quick for a lunch hour.
This location is always crowded, picked clean and the staff members are usually pretty cool, but I have encountered some incompetent ones. Although it is nice when I go on a weekday during the day, then they have lots of things in stock. Sale-wise I have gotten some pretty good deals. So it could vary depending on when you go.
Besides having Drais on their property, they're less then something to write Home about... their Valet/Parking is atrocious and for an Empty Casino Floor!! Save the pretentious bullshit, Cromwell... if I'm ever back, you can thank someone else.
Excellent food!!\n\nThe steak au poivre is amazing - but there is not a bad thing on the menu. The service is friendly and prompt, and the food is to die for.  I'll definitely be back next time I am in Vegas.
Definitely a great place to come and unwind at! The workers are excellent and quite polite. And they are they only place in Vegas who still does designs(if you're interested in them) if not they have a huge variety of other things! Definitely coming back and highly recommend Buddha Bar Nail Spa!
Took my Papillon, Armani, here to get groomed - the people are incredibly friendly, Armani looks great, and the price was great! I would definitely recommend them and will be taking my dog back there repeatedly!
Lines here are so long. The manager Brad sometimes just seems not present. Nice guy... Come on trader joes get present to these lame lines.
Great gym, helpful staff and never many people there which I love. I go late at night early morning so maybe thats not true always, but still a great place.
Always good for the pet items. Prices e pretty good and they always seem to have stock. They also have adoption and classes..and grooming
I am really enjoying my workouts at KoKo.  I am a stay-at-home mom and find it difficult to work exercise into my busy schedule.  At KoKo it's easy, I'm in and out of the club in 1 hour!  I have lost 4 lbs and gained muscle in my 3 mo. there.
The food is always awesome, Todd and Natasha are great.
Horrible service.  We asked for split bills at the beginning ...they couldn't do it?!?!? Been here twice first time drinks took about 15-20 minutes when we were about the only people there.  Second time food came fast just management and staff are clueless.  Place to avoid.
Filled out form to get an estimate. The form says I would get a call within 24 hours.  Been 2 weeks now.  No call.  Don't waste your time. Filled out form for DCR and had immediate response.
I tried going here earlier today with my mom and sister and it turns out that it's closed!  We read the notice posted at the window that said that it was \"temporarily closed for remodeling\".  I sent a message to a moderator about the closure so hopefully it'll be updated soon.
Mmm 2.5 to 3 stars.\n\nHad rhubarb mascarpone crepe - nothing was terribly wrong but nothing was better than average either.
Website says open till 11pm on Wednesdays, called at 10:25 to order something for pick-up, was told they closed half an hour ago.
Nothing special---especially the location---but good service and good food at reasonable prices.
Enjoyed the mudslide milkshake and the service was fine, but the popcorn was very disappointing. You would think that such a fancy theater could at least master classic movie popcorn, but no such luck!
Great selection but one cashier... There was about 7 employees in the building and 6 of us waiting to check out.
Great!  If you go to vegas make it a must to go to fremont street at night for the light show!  It's truly amazing and worth it!
Four peaks you did it again! Ordered the same thing... Fish and Chips (Very good) the service was very fast even though they were extremely busy. FP's has failed to disappoint me!
Great service, amazing food and a fun time. The All You Can Eat sushi is the best deal in town. The craftsmanship of the rolls is superb. We will be coming back in the near future. Sushi 22, Yaaaaassssss!!!
Good food, mediocre coffee (I don't understand the name) and really bad /slow service
The beef noodle is terrible. It is fake beef noodle. The soup of beef noodle taste like adding too much water.
Best little diner in the North Valley.  I discovered this place when a co-worker (from Greece) told me that this place served the best Greek good this side of Athens.  That was about 6 or 8 weeks ago and since then I've been back to this great little treasure about 5 times.
Service is always great, sushi is awesome, the lunch and dinner specials are great. You never leave unhappy. It's not too far and kept nice and clean. I think I found my new hangout.
I bought a refurbished laptop here and have been very satisfied with the customer service since. Everyone who's helped me has been friendly, patient and thorough.\n\nI wish they were open later during the week or on Sundays(the Peoria location is).
Hipster waiters. This place tries pretty hard. Thank god they have an excellent menu. I usually shy away from pretentious places, but the food was so damn good, I'll put up with the ridiculous attitude.
This place is a blast from the past.  Lots of fun stuff to poke around at but priced fairly high.
Last night the smoked chicken wings were tough and chewy. That leaves me nothing to order other than beer and free peanuts. This place seem to attract a large number of NASCAR fans for some reason and they seemed to enjoy their food just fine
I like Michaels but I think the customer service at this location needs a bit of an overhaul....or I just get all the grumpy ones. I am glad that Hobby Lobby moved in across the street. Right now the coupons are the only reason I go to michaels.
The worst experience in my life. The menu is not clear and the waitress did a horrible job describing the ingredients.
Great Food. Great Portions! Good service. It was a little packed so parking was a pain. No complaints otherwise
Fast, delishious, trucker-sized breakfast.  Bacon was thick, Pancakes were the size of the plates and the service was good. \n\nThey were pretty busy and it only took about 10 minutes to get a table for 5 of us.
I love donuts. This place was good. Big selection of donuts Good prices
This is a great place! A nice elegant vibe to it, they have a huge menu of all sorts of Italian dishes. The service is always top notch. The sauces they use are uncomparable.
My wife and I went here for our Anniversary, and , as always, enjoyed it immensely!! Service is outstanding, and it is such a great evening.. Love the choices you have, and the various courses. If you want something special to do for a restaurant, this is your place!!
The food made me sick and throw up and the show dragged a lot
Hands down one of my favorite places in scottsdale! from the atmosphere, to the service to the food. never have any complaints .. well accept their menu varies depending on the time of day... but besides that, I'm there twice a week!
Being from Southern California, I know Mexican food. Taqueria Guadalajara has great food, but lack of atmosphere. A lot of people were getting food to go while we were there.
Very tasty!  Much better than that other place with the burnt coffee.
Excellent service, exceptional sushi, great prices! This is a great, casual, lunch spot! We will definitely come back, plus they deliver to the Westgate area!
Disappointing Service!\n\nFood was just Ok.\n\nThe Wolfe needs to take his name off this one.
good stuff!
Generic Montreal strip club. Woman are beautiful depending on the night you go and what time. Its pretty dirty and needs renovations but aside from that the dancers make it worthwhile.
I enjoyed a nice manicotti dinner here tonight. We had a group of 12 and I believe everyone enjoyed dinner. Some nice specials were offered. Prices were reasonable.
Not very good anymore just flavorless and kinda gross I don't know what happened the torta was really bland and dry my rolled tacos were just not good :-( I use to really like this place
Jon is amazing! Highly recommend him to anyone looking for a relaxing and affordable massage. He is very friendly and professional and is clearly passionate about what he does.
Hubby and I really enjoyed this place. We will definately be going back. The menu looks rather limited, but everything we ordered was amazing. I got the Flounder and it was heaven. The quinoa preperation was the BEST I have ever tasted and I am desperately trying to replicate it at home.
Oh... I hope the new owner see my (and others) review here and seriously think about the food, service, and... basically everything! I was a fan of Miss Saigon, but Kanda house is too bad to even compare with Miss Saigon. Sorry for the new owner, but we will never come back again.
I ordered the Skinny Turkey Burger.  The worst Turkey Burger I have ever had.  It was dense, dry and without flavor.  The lettuce and tomato were sparse at best.
Holy Moses!!!! Best chicken cheesesteak I've ever had!!! I highly recommend this place.
Why do they have to be so slow.
I took my Aunt to this store for help on her new Android tablet, Roxy sat with her for 15 minutes explaining the basics and pointing out shortcuts and \"how to\".  An awesome sales clerk, so knowledgeable, patient and very soft spoken.
Expensive chain restaurant.  If you're in the mood for stir fry, there are worse options.  They have a neat spin on some things.  I've been a few times and they've had good service and been clean every time.  I'll be back.
I had my car cleaned here and they had done an amazing job and finished in a timely manor. Everyone was super nice and kept asking if I needed anything. The owner or manager Tim and one of the other employees were extremely nice and spent a great deal if time fixing my spoiler that was coming loose at no charge!! They were awesome!
Great pho, good prices! Gotta love the Asian Corner Mall. The bubble tea is good too. Will definitely return.
Took my Tundra there today and they charge $1.00 extra for a \"big truck\".  They didn't even clean the bugs off the front or the mud off the mud flaps.  I had to come home and clean the bugs off the windshield.
Only gave them one star because i had to. Placed an order i never got, placed it again then got only half of it and the half i got was wrong. When i complained,i was called rude! Don't come here on football day, understaffed :(
Perhaps a little low on atmosphere, the food was, nevertheless very good. Do not miss the Scottish salmon on blini starter, it's on the Queens list. By the way, the hotel is located in the very nice Scotsman Hotel - lovely stay.
Whitney is the owner and was so helpful, comforting and professional. I have been to 2 other elective ultrasound facilities for this and a past pregnancy, and had so-so experiences. I will be going here again soon, and highly recommend this facility. Prices were competitive if not lower than most and very cute decor.
I've been three times and had an overall okay experience.  The vampiro was interesting.  Prices are nothing special, service is decent but again unremarkable.  The Al Pastor burritos/tacos I tried did stand out as especially tasty.  I've heard the ceviche is worth trying.
Went here to pick up my takeout. Restaurant wasn't the cleanest looking inside. The food was meh and it left me and the old lady feeling ill for the rest of the night. Must have been some bad meat or something. \n\nStay away!
The food here is godawful. Everyone I know that has been here had said it was bad. I wanted to see for myself. I can confirm it is terrible. I have a feeling that the only reason they're open is because they sell liquor
I love this gym. It is extremely clean and the staff is very friendly and knowledgable . Tons of cardio equipment as well as free weights. A huge selection of classes to choose from. My 10 year old takes swimming lessons there and loves it . My entire family is very happy there.
Tried it! Safe to eat. \n\n=)
Depends on the day.\nSometimes a good wash, sometimes not. They often don't wipe down the inside of the car (which you pay for). Also had things stolen more than once.
Hour wait when I had a reservation. Only two salespeople on the morning of a new phone release. Are you kidding me!
Great inexpensive place for breakfast. We stayed at the Bellagio and two coffees and two bagels was $22.00! Heard about Ellis Island- short 14 min walk from the hotel. Great All American breakfast firm two about $29.00. Absolutely worth the walk.
Great burger for the price. Always friendly service. One of the oldest burger spots in town!
My husband and I went to the Cheesecake Factory for lunch. PROS- no wait, friendly waiter, large menu. CONS- atmosphere was very warehouse/industrial, food was overpriced. We will not be going back.
I'm not too far from this place they have some great food and really cool people that serve you very knowledgeable about what they have and the service was impeccable thank you and hope you enjoy
Used to love this place till prices went way up and had a couple very bad customer service experiences.
Not great.  Our food took forever and the service was less than stellar, for the price.  This place is way too expensive.  I would much rather drop my money at Wigwam or some other upscale place and be able to enjoy a more romantic ambiance.
Sadly, Romy has decided to call it quits.  He's sold his trailer and is no longer making his awesome BBQ.  \nFrowns don't do justice here.\nA terrible loss...
Amazing! Funnest thing I've ever ever done! Felt like a kid again. Definitely a bucket list kind of thing!
My absolute favorite place for lunch, very reasonably priced, clean and has great service!!! Try it if you have not been!
Best sushi in town for the price. Happy hour is a bargain. Patio is nice especially during this time of year (spring)...highly recommend this place!
The food at Cadillac Ranch is alright and the atmosphere is fun if you want to have a drink with friends or watch a game.
This place was good, but didn't meet our expectations.  The sushi rolls were just OK.  Service was fine.  View is good if you can get a window table.  My favorite was the kobi meatball lettuce cups.  Unfortunately, I'd have to say I would not go again.
Visited Lindo for lunch today. I hadn't been there in a while but I noticed that their wait staff was much more attentive. Everyone greeted us with a smile and seemed happy to work there. A restaurant can have great food but it's the service that will always get me to come back!
I love the Goat Yogurt.. oh and their goats milk is the cheapest. The brown eggs are like farm eggs from home. Thank you Trader Joe's
Love that this Walgreens is open 24hours! :)\nThe store is well lit, well organised, and staff cordial at the least. \nCosmetics are mostly out of stock... Especially the ones that we need, currently. :(
I am hooked on the sweet and salty toffee.  I agree it is pricey, which is a good thing because I won't be buying it as often.  Last time the $8 little bag didn't last 30 minutes, but I am sure my hips and thighs are still holding on to it.
Nice bar to grab food and a beer at. Service from bartenders is mediocre. Atmosphere is Irish-feeling but feels kinda meh
Recently went to this place.  And need I just say ill stick with Applebee's next time. Food wasn't great for the price.  Service was HORRIBLE.   Waitress was chatting it up w her fellow friends and not friendly. Deffinately won't be going back!!
Excellent place to do business with. You can price your own tires online before you go. I had a TPS sensor go out and they fixed it in 20 mins. I am a fan!
I drive from North Scottsdale to see Karen. She's been doing all if my kids hair for years since she was at the Scottsdale location. Coming from NYC I was very particular in who touched my sons hair. I like his hair cut not shaved like a barbershop. She takes her time and does exactly what I ask her to do.
Cool staff, nice selection. They had lots of pre used and old systems. If you haven't been to a game stop you need to go. Rewards  program is legit.
Not sure how anyone can say that this place is anything less than awesome! I got the Caniac Combo and it was so great! Loved the light breading on the chicken fingers and the Texas toast was so soft and buttery. Coming back fo sho! :)
Good food! We ordered Achari Murgh and Dal Makhani.. Very Overpriced !!
Best bar in the Far East valley. Excellent selection of craft beer on tap and a menu that is so beyond your average bar food fare Plus a relaxed atmosphere and fun staff. They have a nice patio (for cooler times of the year). Don't let the somewhat plain exterior fool you - this is a wonderful jewel near the Superstitions.
COD AW release was horrible!  They let a group of people in to Pre pickup the game an hour early then refused to let the rest of us in that came, then allowed a group of people to hold up the whole line for 10 min
Excellent service; GREAT food. \nThe staff is really nice and accommodating. We eat at Bunky's frequently and I just hosted a baby shower there.  They did a great job of accommodating my budget and making my friend feel very special.  I highly recommend them for catering as well.
This place is ok. Not superb but at the same time not horrible. I believe that they are open 24 hours now. They also serve smoothies, milk tea and boba. Their fried spring rolls are decent. The pho is mediocre. The place is nice and spacious. Average pho noodle house that could be better.
Love this place!  Great Bloody Mary's, Wings, and watching football.
Love this place. Great beer and great food. The location is awesome for before or after Badger games.
Very high prices for very little food. Tana has better food and prices.
A clean Vietnamese restaurant.  Very nice!\n\nThe pho is ok (the tendon was not very tender).  The spring rolls were good.  The pork chop was excellent, although I would appreciate more pork grease being drizzled on my rice (not sarcasm - the rice really needs more pork chop fat).
Wow totally better than I expected.  This is not like a Wolfgang Puck's place but actually seems to be influenced by the chef himself.  The menu surprised me by being really heavy on fish, but I got some and it was good.
Okay, reserved a car from this company and thought everything was good but come to find out that after declining collision on the car we were charged for collision. What a nightmare !!!!!! I hate the merry- go- round and want off !!!!!
A great place to get your nails done. I've had both pedicure and manicure here. Both nail techs were very detailed oriented and spent a lot of time making my nails look great. They are also all very friendly and make you feel welcome!
Steak frites have a pesto like butter sauce on them.\nVery accomodating staff for our 3 children.\nQuiche is divine, I'm still thinking of it.
Was just their for a special occasion my wife of 41 years and a great cook loved it.gino our waiter make's u feel special.family owned business.must gve try
Went to look at there shop and the owner was beyond rude and ended up yelling in my face and also clapping right in my face because we parked in the wrong spot. I believe that man has anger issues i wouldn't recommend going there. RUDE SERVICE.
Cute outdoor patio area for drinks if you can get over passersby who occasionally request money and interrupt conversation. Large servings. Decent prices. Nothing too exciting. The s'more desert was a total disappointment.
excellent food, excellent wine selection! staff not very knoweldgeable at times but theyre very nice to make up for it!
Whoever came up with adding Sriracha to the PBJ burger is a genius!  The Sriracha added just the right amount of heat to let you know it had come to the party without kicking the door down with a pink wig on and screaming, \"I'm here!\"  Great stuff, love this place.
Fabulous, just fabulous. Service is spectacular and food is beyond amazing. The wait was awhile, maybe half an hour or so but totally worth it. The breakfast burrito, salmon hash and potato and zucchini pancakes are delectable.
Had their lunch combo with Chicken Teriyaki and Gyoza.  The Chicken was barely warm when it arrived and the gyoza just didn't taste good.  Was not a pleasant experience, I won't be referring anyone here.
This place is just okay. The food was decent, but it is overpriced for what you get. Also, our server was not very attentive at all. It was a busy night, but he hardly came to our table, and when he was there, it was obvious that he did not want to be there.
Super nice family that owns this restaurant and boy can they cook their buns off!  Perfect place to eat on weekends for a great breakfast at a great price or stop in for lunch for one of their killer bbq sandwiches with yummy french fries!
Awful drinks. The beer was extremely watered down and the mixed drinks were horrible. Not a place for a group get togethers for lunch before a game.
We LOVE hot bagel, the food is delicious. We will go on the weekend and get the bagel, egg, meat and cheese.  The bagels have a nice taste and are a change from the store bought type.
They are opening up a planet fitness in the university area in march 2011 for all you people over that way!
I've been to other cirque shows do getting to see one in Vegas was a must. We left before it ended! Boring, 80% fillers, no quality acrobatics like I've seen in some of their jaw dropping shows. Disappointing and a waste of money. Feeling cheated!
These guys are great!  This is the go to place if you have knives that need sharpening or reconditioning and they do it at a ridiculously low price.  And they can usually do it on the spot while you wait too.  Recommended.
went with a party of 10, food was delicious.  raw oysters were fresher than the ones they serve at the rio seafood buffet, and the screaming orgasm was delicious.  definitely coming back the next time i'm in vegas
Just food alone--  5 star\n\nPlace is old and dumpy and the service is average.  Location sucks\n\nSo I gave it a 3 star.  FOOD IS VERY GOOD.
Food is just ok. Wait staff constantly complaining at the bar about how managers are incompetent and customers can hear it. Drinks are small but salads are good. Split them, big and overpriced for 1 person. Mussels better at Upstream. Pizza ok.
Always a good lunch spot, good service and decent food!
All I can really say about this place is \"Meh\".....
What a wonderful evening to start out with happy hour and mike I or ( my guy ) excellent food from grilled shrimp to creme burlee fun friend, tequila ... Had a great time mike was on top of it at least we were one of few customers on the patio .
Excellent service!
Went there for the first time tonight.  Great selection of yogurt and toppings.  You can even mix your yogurt into a blizzard like creation.  Prices are good and employees are nice.  Will be back for sure!
great  free show when your walking up and down the strip. good for people of all ages. a must watch when you are in vegas
Sorry I just did not like this show. I felt like the impersonator did an excellent job imitating MJ dancing. Where was the big Las Vegas production?  There was only a guitarist, keyboardist and a drummer with no good backup singing. The performance sounded like a karaoke. Come on Rio make it a big production.
Very clean and the girl I got was very nice. I told her it was only my second time. She was quick and it was painless! She mostly just cleaned them up and they look nice. The cost is reasonable too! I will be back!
Pretty decent Mexican joint tucked back in a little strip mall.   Good drink specials and TV's playing football.  No complaints.  We want to try the lunch buffet some time....
Fun place to hang out on a chill night. Follow them in facebook and they post what they have on tap from week to week
My colleague bit into his egg roll to spit out a bolt. No further review necessary (see photo).
The food was very good and very fresh.  Trying out the different salsas was cool - I have never eaten anywhere that had that.  The price was right!  I had a huge meal, beer and horchata for $20.  That said, the food did not blow my mind. 4 stars seems about right.
I've been coming here for three years and can't say enough about how much I enjoy it. The girls are great and always very accommodating!
Good coffee. Casual, comfortable ambiance and I had no trouble finding a plug. They have a ton of local products and really yummy bagels and pastries. I don't know that I would continue to go out of my way to go here, but it was definitely not too shabby!
Decent pizza.  Not the best in town, not the worst.  Don't go out of you way for it but if you're in the area and want a pie, you could do worse.
I usually get the sirloin,  but the fish dishes aren't bad either.  Steak is always nicely cooked,  along with the delicious side dishes.  Desserts are delicious, save some room for them. The tally nice thing is that they are consistent!
Tried the spicy ramen with egg and beef.  I lived in Tokyo and I have tried many different types of ramen.  I didn't have high expectations but I thought it was good.  I will definitely go there again.
Amazing breakfast! Great prices, excellent service, and a perfect way to take a break from the overpriced, touristy strip fare.
Great pedi and the wife got new nails !\nGreat service and a job well done . Very friendly .
The service was terrible, the food was adequate and we won't be back. There were only a few tables seated but the servers were absent most of the time. It was a horrible experience.
It was solidly good, nothing amazing, but can't complain either
Best pizza I've had in a long time! I've never eaten here before so I was not sure on what to get and the staff was more than patient and helpful. Very clean lobby, super helpful manager and delicious food!
horrible experience... got jipped with bottle service .... waitres' are hot but the vip hosts are morons.... thanks for screweing up our night...
I hate the west side. Sorry west siders. That being said, I give every west side place a fair chance. This Subway had workers that were clearly not excited to be there. I understand you work at Subway, and that it's kind of a thankless job sometimes but c'mon.
Best bar food I have had in Scottsdale. Head and shoulders above the rest
Good food!!  Nice atmosphere!!
This review is for the Scottsdale office--15616 N 83rd Way Scottsdale, AZ 85260.  I wish I had checked Yelp before going here.  Wow, they are as bad as the reviews say.  Three errors with me and I won't be back.
They need to offer drink specials and giveaways during football games.  This is a Charger bar and I am a huge Charger fan however, there are other Charger bars that offer drink specials and fun giveaways.  The staff is very friendly...the food is mediocre.
Dusted Chipolte BBQ wings were incredible.......service terrible unfortunately. One bartender and it was slammed. Felt bad for him but lacked any personality
This was a nice steak house that any man would Love! I took Mike for his birthday and lets just say he enjoy himself. I think any man would appreciate a good steak! The ambiance was so nice it was like being in a cool lounge with a great steak, lol! Its a Must Go!
Very disappointing. Over hype under deliver. Bad parking lot layout. No seating. Not friendly. Selections very limited. Save time and eat at a nice Scottsdale restaurant.
The Orleans is magnificent looking inside and out. Yet it's a tad creepy. Any Mardi-gras themed hotel usually strikes me like that. Lots of amenities, lots of legitimate stuff that actually comes with the resort fee. Cool hotel.
I was really pleased with the food here. I got some appetizers first and they came out quick and hot. After that the pizza came just on time it was a good lunch for me.
The service is terrible, It took at least an hour for my table to get our food after ordering it. Not to mention it is cold inside, and uncomfortable. The food was average.
I have been to this store many times and now I have stopped.  For one the people are rude the cashiers don't smile noting it's like they have no life in them. And the Manger the older woman she is just plain nasty.  To me it feels she hates her job. So I will never go there again
250$ + taxes pour une plante pleine d'insectes.
Ordered the duck. It was Ice cold in the middle when I got it. They came by and said they must have not microwaved it long enough.\n\nI'll pass.
Holy cow, the beer garden in this place is huge.  I couldn't find the people I was looking for, so I guess that was a bad thing in my case.  Looks like it could be a fun time, but it wasn't for me!
Get ready to pay 2 times any normal Starbuck.  Drip coffee grande (med) was $4.20.  I like my Starbucks, and I do drink it daily, but give me a break.
I don't agree if it's the BEST sandwiches around but they are certainly the biggest and thistly, the most filling.  Great customer service.  Wouldn't hesitate to come back.
Good sushi, not the best in town... with exorbitantly expensive dishes. This is great when others are paying. Ambiance ok.
Much better at selling cheap 3rd world made furniture than providing any decent level of customer service.
THE Worst McDonald's I have ever experienced. Believe me, I'm a vet & have been to them all around the world too! Find another; it's easy enough to do.
This is an exceptional restaurant , with excellent attentive  service. It can get a bit noisy , which is a shame nice there was really good music in the background. An upbeat , upscale casual restaurant. Though the prices weren't low , they were better than most restaurants of this quality have these days. Every course was delicious.
Oi. Normally a go to place, until we got food poisoning. Three out of six got severe stomach cramps and the sh**s. Not pleasant. Issued a complaint and had no response.  Since then everybody has said never eat the cole slaw from there. Just a heads up.
I couldn't love a local boutique more than the Frock Shop. The hand picked items and the more than adorable frock shop owner keep the local feel alive. I love this clothing shop for the fashionable woman!
Very swanky club...great atmosphere and theme...if you are a Venetian guest you can get on the VIP list and in free
We look forward to visiting Sharp Edge every year! They have a fantastic  selection of beer and food whether you're looking for a quick drink and appetizer or a full dinner. The Belgian Burger is particularly good, and be sure to ask for the herbed aioli to go with your frites - I can't get enough of it.
I had steamed chicken and veggies along with hot and sour soup! I would never get tired of it!
Definitely an interesting dynamic!  We arrived on a Saturday night at 8pm and the party was just getting started!  Enjoyed some cold beer and great guacamole with friends and snuck out before the 10pm crowd arrived. Overall a fun place!
Truly enjoyed thier food here.  Went with another family and got Parrillada De Tres Carnes.  I highly recommend- its now my favorite Mexican Restaurant in AZ.
I forgot to mention , last Sunday... All the tables were dirty and there was an elderly couple that wanted a table , my 11 yr old son cleaned off a table for then as well ! Really? Give me a break! Hire more staff already!
Wife and I split the lettuce wrap appetizer and we each had a stir fry for lunch.  Fresh veggies, she had tasty seafood and I had scallion lamb, both excellent.  Great ambiance and impeccable service.  We expect to return many times.
BEST French restaurant in Vegas!  Never disappoints. Dover sole is too die for and the souffl\u00e9 is amazing! My taste buds were doing the happy dance :)
As a former starbucks barista I know only to expect the best from starbucks but this particular location is my least fav the drinks always taste bad and i leave unhappy so i gave them a few trys and each time they failed so i will no longer visit this location.
Great service, and the drink Smoke and Mirrors is super good! The food was great too
The best guacamole! Everything fresh. We were a party of 4 and all my French guest enjoyed their meal. Perfect service and reasonable pricing for the quality of food served. Thank you !
We have been getting  their donuts for many years  and ohhhhh aren't they  the most delicious donuts in town... Only maybe not add good as Krispy Kreme.  Quality ingredients are easy to notice
They have great food and excellent service. I highly recommend going for lunch or dinner or even stopping in for a drink at the bar.
First time they came they did a good just cleaning the carpet but there where spots on the floor that they didn't clean up.  Second time they came they came late they where suppose to come in the morning from 8am to 12pm which they came after 1pm. When they came for the second time they took out one spot but not the other.
Went out of our way to find this place since we were close to the hospital, only to find it was closed. Got there at 7:56pm on a Monday. Yelp says it closes at 9pm
I can't stay away. This is the place to go 7 days a week. Try the crumb, cake, or glazed. You will not be disappointed. My kids love the donut holes. Should I be feeding a 13 month old donut holes? Only from Good Donuts. :)
Boooo.  I was gambling and only comped two drinks.  Service was slow.  Over all it gets a meh?
One of the BEST question around
Great mexican fare, absolutely tasty and well executed. Great for lunch, not sure I would have dinner there, in the Canal Shoppes mall, unless you really want to see and hear the gondoliers on and on. A bit pricey for classic mexican food, no matter how good, so rating is set  at 3.
Oh Fry's, you were listening! On my last visit I saw you added Tofutti to your natural section. You also had organic basil and organic leaks. I heart you! You rock!
The price scanners here will always, always overcharge you, especially on staple items like bread and milk. Bring a pad and paper so you can write down the shelf price. Or better yet shop at the new Winco in Henderson where groceries are 33-40% less.
Love pro nails! Reasonably priced, good at designs and very friendly and thorough! My last gel manicure that I got done here last 7 weeks and didn't chip at all... I was super impressed!
Relatively good Autozone located conveniently to my home. They have ok service and are pretty well stocked in all the regular merchandise necessary. The parking is nice as well. There are plenty of spots. Easy access too.
Been there twice so far and I already see a huge difference.  Love this place Jill makes you feel at ease. The prices are great too. I have told my friends about her and are excited to go get laser done.
I ordered the curry veggie-chicken and it was oily and flavorless. I asked for chili sauce with it and I got oily pepper paste that didn't add much spice to the dish.\nVery typical small-town American-style Chinese food. Do not recommend.
The technicians were friendly, however, for them not being very busy, I waited quite a long time. It was nice they did not try to up sell me on a million items. I only wish they had nitrogen for the tires rather than air. They should have referred me to a place that carries nitrogen instead of mixing both in my tires.
This is my local Starbucks down the street and around the corner near my apartment. This location is very fast....has a friendly staff....and of course the half off Fraps from 3-5 pm are the best deal in town right now. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Service was worse than bad.
The chipotle chicken panini was delicious and large.  Very hot, flavorful, juicy, and reasonably priced (especially for an airport).  They even gave me a delicious chocolate chip cookie.  Definitely recommend.
Great place to go for a happy hour with a large group of people....for the appetizers, beers, sports, the crowd and the drink selections.\nThey have plenty of room for larger groups and have small, cozy spaces for a quick, couples escape to enjoy each other & good conversation.
I tried almost everything on the menu.. Every thing is delicious specially the chicken shawarma and the rice is my favorite
Fantastic Greek food, especially love the feta fries!!! Took away one star due to the employees sitting outside the front of the establishment in the outside dining area smoking, other than that I have no complaints!
I thought the food here to be a little on the bland side.  The paella I had just didn't do it for me and though the steak is just shy of being an entire cow I was still reaching for the salt.
Average pizza and the interior was a bit on the dirty side for my liking
Great coffee joint but the Americano was a bit too acidic.  Lots of people were ordering some baked goods as well. Will have to try that next time.\n\n\nJust ordered the ice coffee, much better than the americano, less acidic.
I had my screen fixed here and the next day it cracked. They would not honor the 30 day guarantee. I would NEVER recommend this place. Poor customer service. Do not waste your money.
Very Unprofessional. Can Can bought the wrong wire for the job without checking what the appliance called for. Then got mad when he found out it called for different wire. He then proceeded to put his tools away and jumped in his truck and drove away without  a word. I would caution anyone thinking of using this company.
Had our wedding meet and greet there. Service was great. Music was good. Definitely would eat there again.
Obviously, don't go out of your way to come here. But if you're staying at Monte Carlo, it's not so bad. I had the Ribeye steak which was actually cooked properly (medium well). Not much more you can ask for from your average casino cafe.
2 stars for the food and one busser who's name I didn't get. He was a peach. Other than that service was fucking horrible. Who the hell hired Alex?\n\n\nUPDATE: be careful what you write about this place or you'll get a nasty email from the staff.
This place has such potential.  To bad running it is teenagers who could care less about the food presentation or customers.  All the waffle sandwiches are good!  This would have been a 4 star visit had the over interaction with the employees been more reasonable.
our table was right in front of the fountain window. \ni was most impressed
Amazing location with verrrry hip atmosphere.  The bar is dead by 10pm but if you can score a seat on the hillside deck and linger after dinner there is no place you would rather be.
This is a good steak place but not like the best steak ever, it's owned by Emeril, so most of the dishes has this unique Creole / Louisianna taste...If your staying at the Venetian this is a good place to get your steak fix =)...
Saw this guy on 3TV segment.  Just a heads up he was rolling little balls of fondant in his bare hands and sticking them on a side of a cake.  If you want to eat food that has been rolled around in someone's bare hands by all means give this place a try.
I've been sitting here for lunch for just about an hour. Took 45 minutes to get our appetizer and then 15 minutes more for salad and soup. There are 5-6 tables where I am sitting. This is unacceptable.
The doctors and staff are extremely nice and helpful.  The facility itself is very clean, but really it is very expensive.  This is the only vet we have taken our animals to since moving to AZ, but they are considerably more expensive than WI.
Their glassware and utensils always smell. I can't put my finger on it but they smell bad. We have tried to eat at this location a few times but always end up making the trek to the Red Robin on Mayo.
Pattie's...I don't get it.
I used to work across the street so it was super convient for me to go to this mall... it's a one stop-shop on your lunch break. But i wouldn't go out of my way to go to this mall if I'm not in the area.
We went at around 2:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday. So there was I think only one server but she was really nice and we loved the food! Tots were so good looks like a fun place for happy hour.
I love eating lunch here. Their Antipasto salad is amazing! It is a large portion with tons of meat. I also like to add chicken. The staff is very friendly and they make sure food promptly.
I'm giving this place two stars because I liked the costumer service! The guy was extra friendly. The burger was one that could have been thrown together at home & did not fit the bun & the fries were only so so the ketchup was running and tasted funny.
Pretty damn good,a little overpriced,hence only 3 stars. Love the interior,service was great,lot of options(mushroom swiss burger,sweet fries)give it a shot!
It's really a pain to go to this Sonic. The service is horrible. They just have the idc attitude. Such a shame.
Great restaurant! I've never been disappointed. The food is consistently good, and the service is very professional.
This is my FAVORITE fro-yo. \n\nMy favorite flavors are cheesecake and brownie batter. \n\nIt can be a little pricy but the rewards card gives a great savings. \n\nThe only downside is that the staff can sometimes be grumpy.
Mainly use drive thru at this location and for the most part they are usually fairly quick and get your order right. Average location.
While she does a great job, she is VERY unreliable. Be prepared for her to show up at least 30 minutes late, if at all, and to constantly reschedule at the last  minute. Again, she does a great job- if you can actually get here there!
Service was very poor, servers didn't know what they were doing. Dropping everything, we have been sitting for half an hour and still our food has not come out yet. Food is not all that great either. Well not worth my time in Vegas.
yummy!!!!  Love the pizza, hate the wait.  It is a great place to go in the fall/spring when sitting outside is enjoyable.
Worst customer service in pharmacy. 5 people working and takes forever to be acknowledged. Then they argue with you over your coverage. I'd just go to Walgreens if my rx coverage would let me. You should too if you want to actually be helped.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!\nI went in for the first time today with some very delicate items that needed to be cleaned. Everything was undamaged, perfectly cleaned and Seville is not expensive at all. Best service I have ever received!!
I always stop in at Halo Thrift Store whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Nice store with friendly staff, and all for a good cause.  I was there yesterday and got two suit jackets, a sweater and some cat toys for under $20.  What's not to love?
Great restaurant, superb food and atmosphere. Very friendly people and service. \n\nI love to eat with my hands.
Oy vey! Stay away, there's nothing here to see. Kmart, Phantom of the attic and a lottery place. This mall is dead! Deader than dead, dead dead!
Sat in lounge both times...great view of the fish tank. Also the crab and avo stack was delicious. Service was poor. The cocktail server the last time was very unfriendly and seemed like she was having either a terrible day or was just plain miserable. Definitely ruined it.
Fun atmosphere and good food, overall.   Not a \"can't miss\" type place, but solid.
It was pretty good. I can't say anything bad about the place. Good service.
Great service, wonderful desserts. My veal osso Bucco was good, lasagna was great! Enjoyed our experience
Good place for a quick dinner. I had the triple broccoli with beef chicken and shrimp. Flavors were good. Broccoli was crisp... maybe a little undercooked, but in a good way.
I am not a regular movie goer..but this I could get used to..Top notch service from internet booking to check in to some pretty good food and drink service and a really comfortable recliner..A good dinner and a movie date place but it will spoil you for the regular theaters forever..
This place has been a joke everytime I've gone. I only go when friends go & everytime the worst experience ever. You get poor service on all fronts.
Great imports of coffee, freshly roasted. Very alternative but lively atmosphere. A bit on the pricy side but can't really complain.
Just an update, called to make reservations for a client lunch, was informed as they no longer have a kitchen, they no longer take reservations.  FYI. Gave three stars b/c I haven't been.
Use to come here often. Had the worst service ever this evening. Food took over an hour. No apology from server or owner. Was simply told by server that she doesn't control the kitchen. Will never return and will spread the word about lack of service.
The place is not very cool.  I cannot for the life of me understand why this place gets good reviews.  The food was honestly the worst food I've ever had at a pricey restaurant, but I did like the environment.
I decided to give this place another try.it is still inconsistent but I have had some good service and have had days where the computer is down and they aren't empowered to help the customer. Overall giving it a better rating and hopefully they continue to improve.
I'll keep my write-up short and sweet.  I expected poached eggs with my eggs benedict, I got hard boiled eggs.  The staff was apologetic and made their best effort to give good service, but the food just fell way short.
Good South Indian food.  Went for Saturday buffet lunch.  Will definitely go back
Horrible....What else can I say.
Food sucked and the service was very bad. Couldn't even get a refill on my coffee. Will not be coming back here!!!!!
Hot sauce and salsa w/chips hit the spot during happy hour with a cold beer.  Lunch specials are a good deal too.  But for dinner, the menu is grossly overpriced and most items are rather average in flavor.  Perhaps we're paying for the location?
I love the ambiance and atmosphere of this place! The food was excellent. The only slight downfall is the limited menu options. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and will revisit!
well it is free and this is Vegas
Definitely one of the finest restaurants in Phoenix, and I'm picky!  The food is incredible, the service is delightful, and the prices are reasonable.  I have been blown away every time I've come here.  Woohoo!  As good as it gets!
Not many deep tissue folks.  And if you want to change the location of your massage envy membership, not easy to do.
Clam chowder is too salty. Crab sandwich had a little bit funny taste. Hopefully the salads are better.  I'll come back and try again in a month or so.
This place was recently bough by a new owner. the store has then improved a lot. they now offer a lot new products at good prices...
The food is ridiculously poor, except for the chicken wings which I could eat pound after pound. A good place for afterwork drinkage though.
Out Of Business.  What took so long?
the food is fine. my cantonese friends claim it's quite authentic actually, but the service sucks. hostesses and waitresses both quite rude and i'd rather take my money elsewhere.
We gave it as much of a try as anyone could, lotsa drinks, lotsa apps, lotsa disappointment. On top of this, they managed to mess up the interior of one of the only decent interiors in the strip. \n\nthe service was good tho, so at least it has that going for it, but only that
Brought a friend in on literally the last day I had to use my groupon - show was great and there was no pressure from the wait staff with regards to ordering a bunch of drinks/food. A good beer was a decent $5 (minimum two per person) and the comedy was laid out in style.
Another buffet deal from buffet of buffet,  but this one not my favorite,  the food for buffet just too so so.\nService was good and nice view of the flamingos, that's it.
Great food and service.  Restaurant was clean and inviting.  All the employees were super friendly and polite.  Loved the fry dipping sauce.
Food is great but this time I was with two other friends. Each person's plate of food came out one at a time and at 10-15 minutes apart. So we basically all ate one at a time. Very poor service.
shes is not accepting new appointments or clients.
Don't go here if you want quick service, an attentive waitstaff, a \"special\" request like rice noodles instead of rice, or good food. Perfect for college kids.
Tiny little place with great ambiance. I love the fact it is staffed by volunteers and all proceeds go to Seeds of Hope. Good coffee. If they had a few more available munchies they would be all set.
Impressed by hassle free returns, and the pair of loafers I scored for a song.
Fresh food, great selection, For less than $10.00 a person. hard to beat.
Serviceable, nice view when outside, but overall the food is just ok. Seems very mass produced which doesn't jive with the price.
Like this place - friendly staff, huge selection of veg for all you foody needs and really well laid out, so even when its busy you can still get around. The only down side is it can be a little more expensive than some of the other shops around argyle place etc.
Food is really good tastes  amazing too. Also the server was very professional.  BUT literally every dish was like nothing there. If u really wanna try here just let u guys know. U will cost 31 $ for like 5pics of shrimp and tons of chips on the top n it's called pan fried shrimp with chips lol.
Cox really sucks right now.  When I first got it, the speed was good, but recently they have started severly throttling youtube, I bet they are having a peering fight with someone, such BS!
Out of date furniture in the room, not enough variations in the Buffett selections from morning/lunch/dinner; however it was ...nice to see they are making an attempt to renovate select areas of the casino floor though. My suggestion is to wait on this place about a year when all of the projects are complete
Come to Studio 54 if you're 40+ or like people who are 40+. \n\nSmall, cramped and devoid of any attractive people. And let me remind you, I'm drunk and it's dark, yet, my opinion still stands.
Went here after a basketball game.  It was late but well before closing time. Service was a little slow.  But that wasn't what bothered me.  When they brought out the pizza.  A huge cockroach crawled out from under the tray.  Grossed me out.  Never came back since.
Great place to stay but as far as playing here this is not the place to play never have I seen anyone win here but to stay its a very nice place the rates are up there might need to bring out the savings
My favorite Thai restaurant in Madison. All of their appetizers and soups are delicious. The wait staff is super nice. You also get a ton of food meaning leftovers for a few days.
Delicious! I had a wonderful crepe with banana and nutella; the husband had a breakfast crepe with ham and cheddar cheese. Light and delicious, completely satisfying. It was so nice to have a delicious, quick bite that didn't cost an arm and a leg. I would go back again in a heartbeat.
Terrible service, unreliable, try anyone else before you call these people.  Rude on the phone, showed up an hour late!!!!!
This is the place to go late at night/early in the morning.  They have a late night menu where it's cheap enough to grub and still have a little change in your pocket to throw into a nickel machine.
I am fan. We finally went here after many years of just driving by. It is not very impressive by the look of it, but the food is really good. Order the Posada items, they are really yummy. The service is good. the salsa is really good. We will go back again. The price is right.
I won't be back. The food was OK, but the temperature of the food coming off the buffet was not what I would consider safe. I won't press my luck by going back.
Amazing start to finish. Possibly the best ribeye I've ever had. The queso fundito app is fantastic. Wife had the veal chop which was awesome. And the margaritas were some of the best I've ever had. Will definitely return.
What happened to this place? \n\nService was bad this time, wings were choking-ly dry! 2 months before yesterday the burger was gross but service was good. They used to have better food!
poor service, employee's did not know how to operate register, and manager did not either.
Hit or miss, sometimes you'll find something sometimes you won't. I love that they carry higher end brands. Staff is the only problem, very rude and unhelpful. This isn't Barney's or Neiman Marcus, this is my sisters closet so please be a little more pleasant. :)
The delivery is insanely fast!  And the food is delicious!  My daughter loves the chicken lo mein and I really like the General Tso's chicken and the crab puffs.
The name fits!  Lots of candy to buy.  I like how you can get a bag and throw in what you want.  Expect to pay a ton.
Not the best Cuban food I have had ... the lady forgot some of our oder and overpriced for what we got ... i will not come back ...
I get my dresses and coats cleaned here and they always do a good job.  If I forget to print out coupons before I go, the really cool girl at the counter will spot me one.  Once, I needed a dress cleaned for a special occasion at the last minute and they totally accommodated me.
This is one of the best Indian restaurant I have been in Pittsburgh and anything closer to south indian food in taste and quality.
I've been in here a few times. I haven't bought anything though. I love the free recipes and all the organic healthy choices. Despite the prices, they seem busy enough.
Large and tasty gyro pitas.  Great crispy fries.
B \nE \nA \nU \nT \nI \nF \nU \nL \n\nBy far, my favorite experience staying here in Las Vegas. Phenomenal luxury & amenities. Generous suites & comparable price point.
@holverson: SCREW YOU Valvoline Instant Oil Change! I schedule a 3 hr appt. & you close without canceling. Make me drive 1 hr w/kids. You suck!! #FAIL
They have new owners and a new menu. All of the sushi chefs are new too. The new menu is good. There are only so many rolls you can make.  It pretty much comes down to how fresh the product is and how clean the place is. I would recommend you try this place.
Save your money and see another show. Very disappointing and very \"uncomfortable\" show to watch.
Really great concept. Food is good and the coffee is super tasty. My little one loved it. We will definitely be back. Nice job.
We had always been here with 12+ friends.  We never had an issue.  Great food and staff.  I had the Caesar Salad and Filet Mignon. Both were great.
Love Cane's!!  Love the chicken, the bread, and the Cane's sauce!  Service is always good, even in the drive-thru!
Excellent job!!
Good vegan split pea soup, prices a bit high for what you receive though.
Un peu cher pour un repas du midi. Les classiques sont absent. L'ambiance est intime.
my good friend beasus jeazus has informed me that it has closed and is now a cpk. weak. but  ohhh how i love cpk....\nhey and young, screw u! i see that review down there!
Dirty no service.  Got tired of waiting and left. Only 2 tables in restaurant and one had finshed eating already. Not sure what all the hype is about.
SO we have been in Anthem for awhile and have gone to this restaurant many times, even through all the numerous owners. So far we are not thrilled. The food is average and the service is slow. The bar is nice and there is seating outside which is great however not the best mexican food.
I still enjoy Old Chicago after all this time.  Great place with lunch specials, good soups and always something FUN on Tap!   It feels like a true pub and places that seem few and far between these days. PS. They still have the PIZZA thing Down Pat!
Deliciously messy. Awesome coleslaw. I got the true Pittsburgh eatery experience!
Place kills it!\nGreat service and awesome pho Fasho...\nGood boba selection. The little homie who works the floor is coo as heck. The coolest thing about this place is that is clean clean..
Great location. Always solid food and drinks. A great place to people watch. Also my BF likes to watch games here. Nina (I think that's her name) is attentive and pleasant.
Airport bar.\nFood looked good, Did not eat.\nOne 12 year old double Scotch on rocks.... more than $35\nDang these airport prices!!!\nService was fast and friendly.
Best pizza of all phoenix in my opinion.
Adam runs a great business with My PC Clinic! He truly cares about his customers and wants to ensure that they receive the best quality service. If you need your computer repaired - I definitely recommend My PC Clinic!
$14 for 2 scoop and a dipped sprinkles cone.  Ohh well kids were happy and quiet for a few minutes
Best Indian food I've had in Pittsburgh.  Delicious buffet, and well priced.
Food was okay......service was pretty good for buffet.....the concept is very cool
My go to place to watch any game. You can always find dogs on the patio too. Service is great, but the food can be hit or miss.
Place just opened for the day and the restrooms by the food court are already disgusting and the housekeepers are just standing in the food court texting and looking stuff up on their phones while talking to each other.
It sucks.  Guy making the burrito refused to put pico and lettuce in the burrito.  I know how it goes normally, but refuse?  That's just strange.\n\n\nUpdate:  It tastes like a brick of salt!\n\nDO NOT GO HERE
Wonderful ambience, good service and great food. Because of its great location on the strip..its always busy and can be a little bit noisy. But so are most of the good restaurants on the strip especially when there is a big convention in town.
Very surprised and pleasantly so! Came in late from the airport and decided to grab a bite and this place was inside our hotel, South Point.\n\nThe food was excellent and although the staff was not overly friendly, they were very good and we thoroughly enjoyed the food!
Often forgotten, even as a neighbor (only because of the speak-easy lack of signage) but always a great place.  Little known fact: Dick's serves breakfast every day starting at 7am and their breakfast meals are amazing!  Go in for dinner and get there early, because this joint is small and space is limited.
Had a decent time meeting up with friends here on our way home from GA.  Our drinks, salads and sandwiches were exactly as we expected.  No evil eyes for hanging out after we were finished with our food.  Coffee is fresh!  If you like Panera, then this will meet your expectations.
Food and service were ok. But it is overpriced, spotty service, the \"patio\" where they stuck us is basically a tent in the parking lot, no salad included, smallish menu with no pizza. If you are thinking of going here, don't. Just go to Mama Ricottas.
The selection was big but the quality of the food reminded me of a cafeteria. My cousin and I agreed that the food tasted as if it was sitting out for a while. The dessert section was an over load of cupcakes that were way too sweet. We would of been happier if there was a variety of sweets.
This restaurant needs to expand. The food was great! Our whole party loved their dishes. My favorite were the potatoes that came with the traditional breakfast. The seasoning on them was amazing. The buttermilk pancakes were also very flavorful and fluffy. If we're ever back in the area I would love to visit this place again.
great place confortable and relax, but the music is too LOUUUUDDDD
Pumps stop at $95.00. This is 2014 and gas is $4.00 a gallon. Time to recalibrate your pumps. Some people actually drive big boy vehicles.
If you have the means I highly recommend an upgrade to a tower suite. Oh and room service is so much better than having to other people. Can't wait to do it again.
This store is full of that cheap, cutesy, country crap.  It's all made in China and then astronomically overpriced by these ladies.  The sales staff was uppity and rude. \n\nYou can get this junk on ebay for half the price.
This is THE place to be Sunday afternoons.\n\nLive music, good food and drinks on the back patio.\n\nIt doesn't get any better than this!
Absolutely phenomenal dining experience from the service to the outstanding steak, breads and sides that accompanied our meals. I can't wait to visit again on my next trip out that way. Loved it!
This was the first time I have ever tried Gumbo and it was delicious!! And the fish was awesome as well. And not only that, the staff was very very nice and accomodating.
Claim Jumpers is summarized best as quantity over quality. If you enjoy hilariously large portion sizes of bland food then this is the place you want to eat.
Not so great menudo was awful, the burritos well lets say glad I didn't live to far away needed a bathroom quick!!
I enjoy Netflix, but I am really bad at getting my mail and sending my mail. I do everything electronically. I really wish there was more of a selection within the Instant Queue.
Love this off the strip hideaway! Perfect for a romantic night away from the hullabaloo of trendy Las Vegas Blvd.\nThe food is terrific, the atmosphere old style vegas - what's not to love.... Even stars from Vegas lifetimes ago adorn the walls!
Love Swish!  I go there once a week. Great food and great service!!  Loyal customer.
Just moved to Vegas and stumbled upon this place.  The udan noodle soup was full of goodies including egg, tofu, vegies and two tempura shrimp.  The sushi was fresh and everything had a great taste to it.  Would recommend this restaurant for sure.
We stopped here on our drive out of Vegas, and it was a great surprise. I ordered the pork and egg roll with noodles, and loved it. The price was great, too. Family of four ate for less than $30 - a steal in Vegas.
I ordered an almond taro milk tea, which was pretty good. However, the popcorn chicken is not the typical popcorn I was expecting. And I got a bunch of breaded pieces left :/
Good stuff typically better when you're a lil tipsy.  Service is always quick - inside is actually pretty clean but I recommend hitting the drive through and going home to eat.\n\nBest thing... Open 24HRS... So Useful for those awesome breakfast burros :)
Sorry 2 stars i dont know the area and im into kayak fishing anyone knows of thats allowed in the park or anyother place that i can use my kayaks???thanksvin advance
Two words to describe this joint: outstanding BBQ.  If you eat meat, this is a place you have to try.  Great ribs, great pork, great brisket.  The wait is always really long to get a table cause the food is fantastic, but the space is a bit small for the demand.
Yes! Such an amazing place in the Old Scottsdale area. Lunch is out of this world and dinner on the patio is so charming.! We will be back
Wow, busy place!  Lots of bar space, good place to hang out and drink. Drew is the best bartender!!
Had the best time only bad thing but not really is only T.G.I.F does room service.
The food here is delicios, but it takes forever. From the time I ordered to when I was served 25minutes. Come only if you have time to spare to sit and wait.
Food was great but the service was incredibly slow.
Yet another sports bar that's on campus.  Don't get the  mushroom soup here even though it sounds awesome!
Good atmosphere. Lots of TVs and they'll put any game on you want. Friendly staff. El Diablo hot wings were 5/10 but the fried burrito was awesome! \n\nGuacamole sucks though and they charged extra for salsa! WHAT!
Service 5 stars, food 2 stars, atmosphere 2 stars. Overall 2.5 stars.
Soup and sandwiches are good. Now for the up keep of the establishment... The floors, mats and tables are always dirty. I seriously need them to do a better job at keeping the restaurant clean. It's rather disgusting.
Was there tonight  was seated around 6pm. Terrible service. Left after waiting  twenty minutes for the server to come back to take our order. Won't be returning.
After seeing good reviews on yelp, I always want to check out the place. They are always about to close when I plan to go in. I finally got a chance to check out this place. It is expensive and has very limited selection.
Went today to get a tan and they were closed. Said they were going to be open at 11am, waited almost and hour and nothing. Waste of my time!!!
I love this location because of how massive it is, and because they have way more items than most the other locations. The employees are always friendly and really helpful too.
1st time and its delicious!!  Its also healthy and a good serving the rice is yummy.
Good beer. Fun atmosphere at outdoor beer garden. Great people watching. Especially on Fridays in the summer.  Blonde doppel bock is outstanding.
Love to sit on the patio with their delicious lattes. The food is good too. Even my husband, who rarely says a restaurant is more than okay, was impressed by the fresh-baked bread.
The food is good and they are very quick and friendly\n\nOnly drawback, I don't know how many English speaking customers they get  here, but there it's usually not a member of the waitstaff who speaks any form of English. You usually have to point at the menu and hope for the best..
Not competitive. The grocery stores and Lees all have lower prices. It is a shame.
Great food and boards
Consistently rotten produce brings down the rating significantly, but they are pretty well stocked with everything else. Convenience and good prices bump it up a bit. If you don't expect much from place you get your groceries, this is the place for you.
Very nice owner but bland, mediocre food. Maybe we aimed too high? We ordered chicken Parmesan and Fettucini Alfredo. Chicken was tender but pasta was tough and sauces flat. Soup tasted canned. Disappointing because I read other great reviews. Maybe sandwiches and pizza are better?
If you're looking for a trendy place with loud music and good people watching, this is a great place to go. The sushi bar is enormous, the decor is cool, the music is rockin'.  \n\nBut if you're looking for great sushi, go elsewhere.
Solid Indian buffet that reminds me of all of the Indian buffets that I've tried.  A tad overpriced but the tasty samosas justify a semi-regular visit.
Well B&Q has just about everything!\n\nSigned up with there club and you receive offers and discounts!\n\nJust saved \u00a3200 on tiles!\n\n:)
This place is amazing! If you are looking for a great gyro this is the place to go! This is ran by a husband and wife who are amazing people! They are so friendly and great to talk to! We go there once a week now because we love it so much
I like the store but they recently switched out their baked goods supplier and now they don't have decent chocolate or almond croissants anymore.   Now I have to go to Panera bread, Starbucks or the local bakeries.   Bad move, I hear that a lot of customers are complaining about this.
Pretty good food.  I had the TAP chop salad and it was over dressed.  Get the dressing on the side.  Good atmosphere and the service was good.
I still love Phoenix Muni but I don't love their concessions. While at a game tonight, they ran out of hot dogs, chicken tenders and even spoons. They didn't seem prepared for the crowds even though it was a sold out game. Poor Phoenix Muni.
I stopped coming to this location because they NEVER give you napkins in the drive-thru..employees here are pretty grumpy.
We got the appetizer + steak/shrimp for $35. It was the worst steak I've ever been served by a restaurant. Very chewy and overcooked. The rest of the food was mediocre, as was the service. Wish we'd dined elsewhere.
Service is poor, portions are small relatively speaking, and if you expect them to have all ingredients after 8:45/9:00 you will be sorely disappointed.
Maybe it is a female thing or a near female thing that the reviews love this place so.\n\nYeah it is fine but I sure did not have an orgasm. So A-Ok is it.
Awful salty, chicken with unfresh aftertaste, lousy service  Never again.  Used to be good but went downhill quick after they RAISED the prices.
Just as many claim it is indeed a diner with diner food. Sometimes it breaks my heart that there are a hundred better places in Vegas but way slower because of the location or the fame game. It's like any restaurant on the strip will do.
I love this place. My family and I frequent it. I love the bibimbap and the kimchi fried rice. They have great sushi also!
This place could definitely use an interior upgrade. Went on a weekday and parking and seating not so busy/packed. The experience is fun which is why I gave it a 3. Food is so-so but nothing special.
diarhea.  Three times from this place.  Once from a burger, once from chicken fingers and once from frozen custard.  Love the chain.  Just not this location.  Too bad too because it is the closest to my house.  Finally learned my lesson.  NOT GOING BACK to this location
The organic selection keeps getting larger!! Who needs expensive \"whole foods\" if the com has everything you need for cheaper price.
Even though the line was extremely long here the cashiers worked quickly and our group of ladies were out of there in no time.
One of the better Home Depot locations, because it is rather quiet and the staff isn't overworked & seem nice.  Staff was polite to give me a few cuts, even a precision cut that was against the official rules.  Huge parking area.
It does not inspire confidence when your bar tendar has to look up on his phone the most basic of drinks, not complicated high ball drinks I'm talking white Russians and Manhattans, service was slow and food was not stand out, I could say these things could be attributed to growing pains but we wont be back to find out.
This is my favorite steak restaurant in the WV, I've been here numerous times and love it every single time.    The idiots who don't like this place probably ordering salads.   If you like steak and burgers, u will love this place.   Great atmosphere and great food period.
Your average gaming dive bar. This place is as basic of a neighborhood bar as you get in Vegas. It would be fine...however if you arent born&raised, know someone, or look like a \"Hendersonian\" you arent very welcome.
Cheap but food tasted weird. Would not go back.
Wow, the lady working is a big grump! With that attitude I would rather stand in line at the post office!
TV's everywhere, good place to see everything!  Pizza was average.  Staff was nice and did a good job.
Very very very slow service. Reception acts as though they have not been trained to handle a full restaurant. After taking our order we were told by our waiter that our order will be delayed. Good food but badly trained staff.\n\nManagement lacks the knowledge of how many servers should be working during peak hours.
Awesome bbq, sides are great. They have nice portions for the money. Been here over 20 times, must be good lol
D-
we are always looking for a good pizza, and Mr Jim's fit the bill. The pizza was good, it arrived VERY quickly and we now have our new pizza place.
Get the souffl\u00e9 and the steak. Incredible and a beautiful restaurant.
Catherine was not very pleasant, and had a very bad attitude. Maybe I'll come back, but probably not after that. Plenty of other bars to go to.
I am sad to report this place CLOSED its doors a long time ago. I used to like the lunch buffet.
Skaught is amazing. He is great at cut and color. The salon is hip with art on the wall that they change every month or so. Makes it feel like your in a new salon each time.
absolutely the best wisconsin dairy \uff5e i love the rasberry and cherry flavour I personally recommend it as the best icecream ive ever tasted\uff01
Close this place down - what a shame.
Really Good!! Mashed potatoes are awesome!!! Waiters are friendly and quick!
Good food, bout what I expected for prices. They did accommodate our party of 17 which was cool. We had our own little room area. Chefs were just OK, no cool tricks.
Nothing exciting, not exactly high quality. Just another casino/hotel for the budget minded.\n\nSmall rooms and small bathrooms. It is what it is. A place to stay for the night. \n\nThey have a casino downstairs. $1 black jack tables. That's pretty much it...
Best pizza in Phoenix, fun experience, small rooms and tables but the food is the well worth it.
The service here is soooooo slow!!!! You shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes in the drive through when there's only two cars ahead of you!  This happens more often than not!  They need to hire more baristas during peak times!
THE BEST RESTAURANT IN LAS VEGAS HANDS DOWN.  Everything is well thought out and fascinating.  Have never had a bad experience here.  The tasting menus are must trys.
Gone down hill.  \nJust to be stuck outside waiting with a bunch of yuppie tourists takes away from the breakfast experience.  Great food sometimes but no longer my favorite.  I would rather make breakfast at home.\nMy dad agrees 100%.
Not much to say here that hasn't being said.  PJ is my staple restaurant for fresh, healthy mediterranean inspired food. Avoid if you don't like crowds though, it's almost always busy.
Great use of fresh ingredients but not filling. My husband and I did find it tasty but still prefer some other pizza joints to this. It's one of those places that after your meal you talk about picking up a snack or more food on the road on the way home. The service we got was ok. We were rushed in and out
good place to stay, the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. The room was clean and roomy.
Well, I  came to eat here with a group. The service was very slow.\nand the food didnt come to my table until it was 45 mins later.\nAlso, the food was really awful. Way too much salt and not tasty at all.\nI dont recommend this place to anyone.
The service is horrendous. Went there numerous times and my orders have been messed up.
I have eaten here a couple times and  the food is pretty consistent. I would say the food is pretty decent.
I love this place it's my personal Disneyland. I have a tendency to go in for one item and come out with way more than I intended but I love everything I've purchased. Try not to go in too often or I'd be broke. Every sales person I've come in contact with is so helpful.
Can be a really fun cool place with the exception of one bartender. I wish I knew her name because she is horrible.  Actually, it was home bar for about 8 of of us  but none want risk her being there so we will wait until she is gone before going back.
I dig cafes and had a BOGO so decided to check this place out on my lunch hour. The food was decent, but then I was sick for two days after. I won't return!
had the great experience here!  both hair and nail technicians are nice and friendly and did a wonderful job.  i would come back here next time I am back in Vegas.
Don't you dare to go to this place!!! Don't get tricked by the reviews! It's super hip and the food is just okay, doesn't taste fresh at all!!! The service is even worst!!!
Loved the Passion Juice. The ginger flavor was subtle, but it elevated the juice significantly. I had the Beet POM burger, which was good but not great. Would definitely go back to try more specials.
Def just for kids.
Great food. Ordered the cheesesteak and garlic fries: good size, hot, and full of flavor. Staff wasn't the friendliest, but it was late on a Sunday evening so we understood and let it slide. Will definitely be back!!!
If McDonald's made Chinese food it would taste like this. The price is higher than average, which just adds to the disappointment.
Fun place! The staff is awesome, very friendly and efficient. Food is very good--I especially enjoy the hummus plate and the grilled cheese with tomato soup. Drinks are very reasonably priced. Great atmosphere and a perfect choice for happy hour!
No complaints here!  Went for Happy Hour on a busy Saturday.  We were seated right away.  I had 4 awesome margaritas and 3 delicious beer-battered lobster tacos for $40.
I tried their salted caramel ice cream at Devoured and wanted more!  When I got here I changed my mind and had the mint chocolate chip in a waffle cone.  That was great as well.  I'm looking forward to the hot weather and more ice cream at SR!
Ein gutes Konzept  ruhige Lage und die Zimmer haben eine Kitchenette  War nur eine Nacht hier  fand es aber angenehm  es ist nicht das Neueste Hotel  aber durchaus gut gepflegt und sauber
No no no no no! . It should not take an hour and a half for a basic haircut and style. Second I shouldn't leave so covered in hair I have to go home and change my clothes. The haircut was mediocre. The salon although busy with a very dirty. It was to say I will not be returning.
Decent. Nothing to write home about good place for an appetizer and beer. However the main menu has an identity crisis (bar and grill is not fried rice or egg rolls maybe dumplings not so much). Sometimes small bar drama does not need to be shared with all.
Best grocery store in vegas.  Prices, selection, and staff is great... especially the produce guy.
Having a change of heart about them, I have high hopes that my future visits will be much better
Usually they have amazing pizza, but today it was room temperature and below average.
Saw Dracula untold this morning 30 mins late and manager gave weak ass free small Coke. Ridiculous and terrible give away at least a free movie, as this film was ruined. In 1985 I saw back to the future on time, I wish I could go back in time.
if they check you into the roman towers, tell them no way!  its the last tower to be renovated in feb 2013 and right now its OLD!  yuck ...
Sky harbor in general is good but terminal 2- not much of anything. Limited restaurants and only few flights that fly out there. If you coming to terminal 2, then plan on not waiting out here too long.
Not nearly as good as it used to be.....disappointing pad thai n duck salad.....too bad....
Amazing decor, great atmosphere , perhaps a little expensive.  I am glad I went but would try somewhere first.  \nA good experience that I would definitely recommend.
I have no idea how these people stay in business! Cluttered, rude employees and much higher prices compared to other warehouse stores in Vegas. My last visit was a horror story! Im guessing they depend on out of town customers that don't know any better. For me, never again!!
Service kinda sucked, so did the food. It's a meal though, and if someone else is paying, why complain? I wouldn't go there again though.
Aliante - Not at all impressed.  It seemed unorganized from the cashier to seating, to getting my food.
My neighborhood place. Good ppl good food.
Best burger on Mill
Don't be fooled by the quaint exterior and pretty flowers. This isn't a very nice boozer, I'm afraid.  It's a pity really, because it could be so much more.
good food, good service, good vibe great place to eat at before a night in old town.
Great place. If your a sushi lover. Than this is a place for you!
Hands down best burgers in Pittsburgh. They can do no wrong. I have been there on two different occasions and they have wonderful customer service and amazing food. What more can you ask for?
Too expensive for very very average food.... Outback steak is probably better .... No ambiance.... Old cliental...\nGood bar & great employees ... Concept poor ... Many better choices in area.
I know this is probably not their fault, but I lost $200 betting on the Celtics last weekend.
By far my favorite Thai place in Pittsburgh. Great food. Great prices. Also sometimes for take outs, they throw in a dessert, which is always a pleasant treat.
Max front end supervisor is the biggest reason I go to this Costco. Has that place on.lock down. Handles whatever is thrown at him. Will make a great manager one day
Slight wait for a table even though many were available. Found our server and overall service to be very good. The croutons on the salads were stale. Pizza looked to be on par with CPK, but the taste turned to be extremely bland. Bland like a frozen pizza. Again the service was good.
A bit small of a place mostly for take outs.   The chicken and eggplant parmesan were OK, not thrilled.  Perhaps better to order pizza.   You could tell the east coast attitude of some employees.  Not bad, will go back
I have been to this show several times and it is by far the best show I have ever been to.  If you are looking for something special to do while in Vegas this show should be on your list.  I am also a huge Beatles fan so...
3.5 stars\n\nThere is nothing special that separates them from other yogurt chains/stores, however the Pistachio yogurt I had with Mochi was very good.  If I pass by them again, I'll gladly have a snack here.
I called Jodi at 4:00 on a Saturday for a same-day boutonni\u00e8re for my daughter's date to a dance. She happily accommodated us even though she's a wedding florist! Heart of gold! And beautiful boutonni\u00e8re!
Cracked my android s3 screen and brought it to desert  wireless, by far the best service and prices!
I love sakana. They have the best lunch time happy hour! Its always delicious and seriously reasonably priced. :)
The fire at the Monte Carlo should have burnt the place to the ground!
Passing by we stopped in for a quick slice of pie to fortify us for our continuing journey. Not disappointed, the pie was delicious!  some seriously good Jam and a very keen and friendly owner.
A Montreal staple and my favorite poutine in the city. Sorry banquise.
Chips were good but crushed to little bits. Shrimp cocktail was terrible. Cilantro rice pretty good.
Mostly I just go here because it's quick, cheap, and located directly across from my office.
I love this place. I usually call ahead for pickup, and order the greek salad with gyro meat. So yummy!\n\nIt's too bad that the place is so slow. If it were in a more populated area of Riverview, no doubt they'd be a lot busier.
The food isn't something to rave about but it's edible. I love the fact that they offer fried green tomatoes and grape leaves. I have only been to (C)Ritters for late night munchies and that also happens to be when Pittsburgh's finest come out to play. Never a dull moment.
I don't recommend this place. Food was medium at best, the service was terrible. And the price was $155.00....you do the math.
Found a piece of thick human HAIR in my egg rolls! Gross! Pork bun was raw... Not fully cooked . Don't waste your $ here. So gross . This place is unsanitary ! You will get sick.
The place little outdated. The hotel is not on the strip but has some good views of the rest of the strip. They have Penn & Teller as a permanent show.
Best McDonald's in town. Professional, fast and consistent.  Thats really all you can ask for in a McD's.
A very nice upscale restaurant.  Bar was crowded but didn't have a problem ordering a drink and music was a little\nLoud. But it was Friday night.  Food was amazing and so was the service.
Since, there isn't exactly a farmer's market in Las Vegas this is THE place to get great produce at albeit higher prices, but that's why you came here.. you didn't want hormone-injected and weird gas exposed food.
Small quiet and comfortable! Menu looks great as most coffee joints do but this had \"tuxedo mocha\".
Good BBQ, good beans, good Mac and cheese! I wish they would have done more with the bread my pulled pork came on. Great atmosphere for a BBQ joint!
Ordered for delivery here because I was at the TownePlace Suites nearby.  Lots of food and the sushi was awesome.  Delivered in less than 30 min on a sat night.
Not as nice as other savers I've been too. Maybe I was just disappointed because I drove a half hour and didn't find anything.  Also, they don't have any 50% off colors on Fridays which was a bummer too.
I felt like I was bothering the employees here with my order. It took me making eye contact with three employees (one of whom was standing around) before anyone came over to take my order.
Cold and stale fries. Got the \"modern dog\" which is essentially a Chicago style hot dog. It wasn't clear whether they had bothered to heat it up or cook the hot dog as it was room temperature. Terrible terrible food.
I am very happy with the service.  My carpets were extremely dirty and Rick did a great job of getting them clean.  I live in a rental, or I would have ripped the carpets out!  Great service and a great price.
Big portions, fast and friendly service.  Feels like I was back in The Bronx
Worst service I've ever had! The line was long which I can deal with, but the attitude from the workers not cool.
Love Frank & Lupes.  Moved here from Cali and have been on the quest for good Mexican food.  This place is the best that I've found so far.  Very tasty!  Love the outdoor patio, although the service there is slow, but the ambience is great!
The worst!  All the employees stand around up front and look at you while you wait at the customer service desk!  Is only one person allowed to provide customer service?????
the pupusas are great, but the fish not so good it was over cooked
I will admit, the food is amazing. But the last time I went there, my dad found a live cockroach underneath his sushi. Then our waiter killed it and then asked \"Do you still want it?\" The food is good, but we're not coming back. After finding that cockroach, no.
I'd give it negative stars if I could. Just don't go here. Worst bar in Oakland! I hope it closes down. There is honestly no place where I hate the workers more.
Being a big eater, I thought a tapas restaurant would not be for me.  This worked got me I was way stuffed.
I am glad to see that they changed the lettuce of the Seared Ahi Tuna salad!! \n\nWhile I like the food here, I still stand by my 4 star rating because again, for the price you pay, it's a little overrated.
Returns are not easy... Lots of employees talking and trying to figure out what's going on.
Just called to place a order and the guys was a jerk to my lady had to hang up. He cost rosati a new customer we love Italian food will never eat here. Have some respect jerk
Servers were great. Food was decent. Price, a tad high but considering they have plenty of fresh carved meats and plenty of options including a salad and potato bar it's high but just a little. Quiet, very clean. Overall I enjoyed it.
I really like this bank too, I come in here to buy the money orders to pay my son's tuition. The staff is always prompt and wonderful, and they remember my name!
I should washed my car with newspaper that had been prepped for paper mache... I would have had less spots afterward.  I feel like they add calcium or something to the water.  Theoretically this was convenient, but there is a reason why people pay for a quality wash.
The food is pretty average and I've had Mexican people tell me that it does not represent their cuisine at all.  The last time I ate here I got sick off the tacos so needless to say I'm quite turned off by it.
What a great place! I love the patio. They are friendly to cigar smokers. Jazz on the patio in Saturdays is relaxing with a great live jazz band. The revamped menu is delicious. Check it out!
The rack of lamb was great!  Also, the view from where we were sitting was breathtaking! The Bellagio fountains, the Bellagio sign just everything...it was my anniversary and I'm so happy that we went to this place.  The staff were attentive to every need. ;-)
I love this boutique!  So many cute things and different than what you see at Nordstrom and other department stores.  The salespeople are very friendly and honest which I love. Its reasonably priced for the quality, uniqueness, and style you are getting.  Definitely worth checking out!
I'll keep this as short as possible.\n\nNot a terrible place, but it certainly is the epitome of a dive bar. I'd go back, but only if there was something going on (theme party, specials, etc).
There's free wifi, but not enough charging stations at the gate. The security line is a breeze. I think there's only 13 gates here, and only about 5 active gates operating on average. The bathroom stalls are AMAzing cause they are massive. Enough room to wheel in your luggage with enough room to move around still.
Best Chai Latte in town. We had a chocolate twist and a quiche lorraine. Both very light and delicious. Brought home a ciabatta boule, which was much more moist than we are used to but very good.
wtf is up with all the hype. yes the atm is cool. yes the cupcakes taste good. but they taste almost the exact same as any other fancy cupcake you would buy. two stars because for all the hype this place was a mess of a business
Had a great time!! Music was pumping and the crowd came to party. Will be definitely coming back
Outstanding food!\nHad the salad with shredded beef and was really tasty. No dressing needed here or even salsa for that matter. Service was great as well. Cute little place. Enjoyed myself and the atmosphere here.
Burgers and Sweet Potato fries were good. Good Service
Food was ok, not great....the beef fajitas had quite a bit of fat on them and the overall meal was more Mexican-American than authentic Mexican....prices were reasonable and the service was fine so I give them two and a half stars....
Mediocre in every way.  Service and food.  Overreliance on salt in the remoulade was a disappointment from this name.  The whole place looked tired and past prime.
Cheap and reliable.  Just a normal gay bar with good prices and good people.  It's laid back and exactly what I like in a bar.  The clientele is more mature than many of the gay bars.
Love and go here often! Get there early in the day as inventory can be pretty limited later in the day.
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!!!  Service is alright, but ice cream in general makes up for everything...You can never go wrong with Peanut-Butter & Chocolate ice cream!! I think that is all I have to say about this! :)
Free to visit, and the scenes are changed several times a year to go along with the seasons. Absolutely beautiful! Definitely a must see when visiting Vegas! Plus it's right around the corner from the Jean-Philippe P\u00e2tisserie....mmm!
checked it out based on yelp reviews \nThe local lager was proper - and chicken pot pie was deftly a hit - overall decent experience for sure!
The Caldo de Rez is my fav!!! They do it right here & I always come here when I'm craving it.
Don't come to this location! Bad customer service I specifically asked for a hand wash then they ran it through the machine!
Great food! Best polish sausage in the world!
I love this place I like to sit back Very cozy the food is very good..\nLet's not talk about they frozen lemonade OMG and the pastry are so good
Double double a California classic, fresh and tasty.
The food was good. But our waitress was so rushed and stomping around.  We are finishing up and my stomach is in knots from nerves watching this waitress rush around.  Sloppy service almost spilling anything with liquid in it.
Horrible, horrible service. They can't keep in order. Waited more than hour after we sat down. All the foods on the menus are greasy and salty. Not worth the wait and money.
Best damn pizza attached to a gas station I've ever had! Go Falbo Bros!
This place sucks!  There are way too many good sushi spots to even bother wasting your time here
Avoid this store at all cost. Seriously, if you are dying of a horrible disease and the only known cure is eleven herbs and spices, *GO TO ANOTHER KFC*
We stayed in the villas and it was really nice for the price. Great location and a nice view.  Within walking distance of restaurants and Starbucks and a golf course. There was great shopping nearby.
Asked for a couple of donuts and then tried to pay but was rudely told that they only accepted cash for under $10 purchases. Since I live alone I couldn't use that many pastries so I ended up leaving empty handed. I felt okay about that though because the employee did not make me want to do business there.
Good consistent BBQ. The portions are hefty and the prices seem reasonable. I really like that they have so many sauces to choose from and that they have paper towels at the tables. Not much more to say, I mean, it's a chain but the food is pretty tasty.
New York style bagels that actually taste like New York Bagels. \n\nService can be slow but the bagels are worth the wait. Go on the weekends and there is never a wait. \n\nOh, and get their cookies. The oatmeal raisins are amazing.
Disgusting Chinese food. After the dirty diner let out that they had several major violations I knew I would never be back...
BUH-BYE, JON KYL!   ...Now, if we can only get rid of McLame & Brewer!  ...right???
The only reason 1 star can be given is the flavor choices and taste.  The SMALLEST wings I have ever seen, they must be off of baby chicks.  I thought it was getting punked, actually LOL.  Never to be back
I would have given this place 5 stars BUT I kind if think it's ridiculous to have to pay for an accent nail! No other nail salon has ever charged me extra. Why can't u get 2 nails a diff color?! They have all the new colors which I enjoy but they are also having a price increase March 1st
Worth the experience but average ice cream, ambiance and service.
This is your typical Urban Outfitters for the most part, just a little on the small side. The store is staffed with people you'd probably try to have sex with. They just don't look like they'd enjoy it.
Another great meal at AZN. Wonderful ambience, great sushi, impeccable service. Beautiful decorations for the holidays.
Forget Pamela's. Davio's has some of the best breakfast in the city, a great vibe, and little to no wait. I recommend the homemade jelly, and the happy waitress.
This restaurant has been open for quite some time now and going back after not liking the taste of the food the first time, my opinions are the same. This place does have some terrific plates but for me the taste is a too bland compared to other restaurants that I have been to in the valley.
We went during the day. This was a decent experience and I'm glad to have done it at vegas.  You get a really good view of the strip and you'll get some good pictures out of it. The ride is about 30 min.
Was a fan, portions are a bit small but the kimchi soup was outstanding and filling.\n\nI lived in Korea for a year so a bit biased but I would visit again.
The bacon and cheese breakfast burrito is top notch.  The thick pieces of delicious bacon spread throughout to be enjoyed in every bite is a wonderful touch.  The cheese holds the the whole thing togther making every bite as good as the one before.  The salsa does well to compliment while not overpower the essence of the meal.
Decided to go here because the line for the Buffet at the Bellagio was super long. The prices are ok but the food was just meh. The portions of the pasta were decent. But over all i've been to better
It was good but nothing spectacular. I ordered Pho noodles with beef and meat balls. Also, shrimp spring roll. The food came out really quick!
Service was ok. Got seated as soon as we walked I'm but rarely came back to our table after that.\n\nOrdered the steak and eggs. Steak was cooked correctly but was cold upon arrival. Flavor was ok. Hash browns were mediocre. Eggs were good. Pricey as well.
great coffee...great/fresh food.....great owners....great atmosphere....love this place!
Lowes will always be the copy cat box hardware store in my book. I just have a much better experience with the service and selection at home depot.
Poor service, very slow. 20 minutes for a wrap and the guy at the cash register was very rude. I complained and he shrugged his shoulders. Owner was there and was only concerned with light bulbs, not customers. This place will last 6 months.
I've been here 3 times now for an eyebrow wax and I haven't been disappointed yet. The prices are good and I like the type of wax they use. If your looking for a new place to get your waxing done, definitely go here, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Orange roughy?  Ever hear of sustainable fish?  Not cool.
A friend bought me gift certificate-  what a delightful gift!!  I am not a spa regular, but went with the organic facial and dermabrasion.   It was very relaxing and definitely worth a repeat trip.  Plus, all their coupons make it fun-- what girl doesn't love a sale??
Go with mojo or any of the other places.
food is not bad, but for all the reputation of Puck, it's way below expectation.
Terrible service,  wings are not good and the girls aren't even that hot. Would highly recommend not coming here. I personally will never come back
The sushi was ok but on the pricey side. The service was extremely slow. Although we had a large group (8 people) it took us 2 hours to have lunch.
This place was ok. The service was great but the selection was extremely limited and the food was mediocre... not bad just not as great as I was expecting. I may go back but probably not as I have been to other vegan places with better food and a better selection.
Phenomenal food, phenomenal service. You pay for quality as you should. Do not gripe about cost in a place like this. Go ,enjoy, tell friends how amazing it was
Been here 3 times, enjoyed it each time.\n\nThis time we had the prix fixe menu. So much food, could not finish it all.\n\nGreat food, great view, great service.
Freaky slow more like it. Ordered 2 Sammys @ 7:20 p. Arrived at 8:25pm. Soggy, delivered by a driver who seemed annoyed with us because he was late?! It'd be faster to order pizza. Next time we'll just go to Subway.
This new 4 peaks location is just a taproom currently! No kitchen yet, but they have amazing food trucks every day, each day a different food truck.
Staff is friendly ~ been here three times last year & i need to schedule again :)
I came here to see J. Cole...The line was non-existent... Horrible organization. For that I give this place the two stars..
We both got sick after breakfast
Great pizza, great price, and great service! This is a cute little pizza joint right next to an affordable laundromat. The pizza came out quick and was delicious. Everyone there was super nice which made the experience that much better. Would definitely go back!!!
Won't be back. The parking lot use to be packed. No I know why it isn't.  Not sure what happened. Food below par service very slow.  Rice way over seasoned.  Perhaps the manager will read this and make corrections.
The place was empty on a Sunday evening.  No stadium seating.  Arm rests do not go up.  The only nice thing was that it was empty...
Amazing place to stay... Great suites!!! Very modern!!!
the casino was nice.. like the place ... i want to stay here next time... the buffet was awesome
Its decent but we prefer mineos.
Love this dry cleaner they are hands down the best place to have your items cleaned and washed!!
Me and my husband stop in one of are day dates. The food was great the customer service was wonderful. This was few weeks ago. The best thing we are first time customer.
I really like this nail salon! The prices are great, it's very clean, and the staff are always friendly! Plus they always do a design that I pick from my Pinterest ideas! The best is, that I can walk in and I have never had to wait!
This location is always slow. The lemonade tastes horrible. The driveway is odd and inconvenient. You can only make a right-hand turn on both exits.
I'm talking about the Wolfgang Puck express in gate D.   I ordered a Greek salad and the lettuce looked and tasted like it was a week old.  The tomatoes seemed to have been dipped in vinager for days.  It was disgusting.  Doesn't this company have quality control?
I'm pretty sure these beans are refried in lard--this makes my tummy happy, but not my waist. Good food, super friendly staff, and all day breakfast. Kind of dive-y and more of a lunch place. I wish the chips and salsa were free, but just a minor quibble.
Stayed here on my recent trip. Housekeeping sucked. They didn't even change the sheets or clean the bathroom floors. The facilities are fine and the hotel itself is not bad otherwise.
meh, overpriced mediocre mexican food.\nit's not so much that it was overpriced mediocre mexican food it's that it was just not very memorable.\nservice was good. i see no reason to every come here again.
We came here the other morning for breakfast after being at the club all night.  The food was great!  I ordered their chicken and waffles and whatever they used as batter on the chicken was the bomb!  The prices are very reasonable as well.  Definitely going back again!
I got the Peach Bellini (which tasted like a peach slurpee) with an extra shot and 6 jello shots, which got me semi tipsy for an hour. I was kinda bummed that I wasn't as buzzed as I expected.
Quite dated.  Not seedy, but not great.  We were there four nights.  Had to ask for soap, had to ask for shampoo, no drinking cups, toilet ran, fridge door hard to close...  Breakfast was OK, decent fitness center and pool area. Overall, couldn't give it 3 stars.
The food was absolutely delicious, the service was great, abd the atmosphere was very nice. I would go back in a heartbeat.
Overall an OK hotel. Stayed here a few times. The prices are usually a lot more fair than hotels closer to Vegas. \n\nGreat hotel to stay at when in town for Supercross.
The menu looked great and I was wondering if the food would match up and it did.  Everything was wonderful, the server made great recommendations and the atmosphere was very nice.  It doesnt feel like your typical cozy Italian restaurant its more modern and upscale looking.  I will be back for sure.
Terrible!!!   Don't waste your money here.
I would avoid this hotel. The live to get their hands in your credit card. They will post random charges constantly without permission. I am also a Wyndom client and am totally blown away they can't do something to the management here for their fraudulent activities.
Great California burrito. They always get my order right. Great Mexican food, for Vegas, that is.
Pretty strange to be told by an employee making a sandwich that he would be fired if he added any more pickles!
This place has potential.  I didn't understand why the staff was so grumpy. While waiting for the food I watched other patrons just push their food around the plate.  The baked potato and bottle of beer was good.   They should start over
Excellent smell but nothing outstanding. Good portion size.
Typical bar food. Not the greatest at all. Their food is pre made and frozen then cooked it seems like. Waitress even described a dessert that way. Just eh.
The company was great,  service was very good, pizza was just so so.  Bacon Martini yuck.  Fat modules floating in a perfectly nice glass of Belvedere.  I drank it but even writing this now makes me queasy.  Sorry Mellow Mushroom I won't put you on my list of must returns.
Super awesome food. Had chicken tikka and kabobs. And had the best beer in the world - Haywards 5000. Great host and servers. Highly recommended!!!
Thanks for telling everyone Yelpers. Now there's tons of people here.
I had an awesome rootbeer...no really.  The turkey cobb sandwhich was annihilated and the string fries were polished off.  The place was brand new when I went.  It was all good. I plan on going again soon.
Because no stars was not an option. Traveled from north phoenix because of the reviews....735 on friday night and they're locked up. No lights on. According to the information here, they should be open. Peace out!
Steffan was extremely helpful in answering all my questions and even providing ideas etc. thanks!
Waited 1.45 hour for a 5 min shooting game and another hour to spend 1 min. walking through laser beams. Two of the attractions were broken and the wristband to track your points and keep the groups moving through were also broken.
I always think their food is too salty but we come here on occasion.  They now bring your order to you and the food is served on plastic, washable plates rather than the disposable ones.  I like the chicken but like I said it's just all on the salty side for me.
Waited almost an hour for food and with a toddler!\nReally? And on a Sunday.... Food was ok but waiters never came to update us, I had to keep flagging them down asking what's up. Not impressed with the service nor the food
Walked in as a whim. Was convinced to pay 4$ more for polish that would \" last longer - at least a week\" not only did my nails chip that night, she cut me so badly i was bleeding.
Excellent service, and great food, but it is definitely not a place you go if you are on a budget.
The only place in the neighborhood that i will buy my booze! \nThe selections are awesome for wine, beer and spirits! I usually drink strongbow and they always have it. I also love that they have Rogue Hazelnut brown. Prices are great as well!
It's a place you go to because it's close to the university, but it's always better to go somewhere else. If you have the choice, might as well avoid this place.
Same menu,prices,set-up... everyone sits at the counters. This branch,though, appears to have less seating than the one located in Mile End. Service prompt and courteous as always.
Lady didn't speak English and she has no idea what an old fashioned is.  Completely annoying
I will NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER Fly this airline again. Customer service is TERRIBLE and there's no such thing as a cheap flight here!
I love the food and the drinks are perfects
The food here is very unique yummy fusion between Mexican & Chinese. Have to try it to believe it! very laid back & I got to have a glass of wine with my dinner. Im def a fan
Stay away. The line just to check in was 20 minutes long and the staff felt as thought that's ok. Too many more details to complain about. The single worst hotel I ever stayed at.
Very cool and edgy store!  Some racy stuff, but kids love it as well.
My first LGA experience...won't be back unless someone begs me. Omelette was served cold, too busy to care what the plate looked like and no silverware clean. The place was packed. Why?
I was not very happy with the service or the milk tea I purchased this morning...I don't think I will be returning here again!!!
I would like to give them a 0. There is essentially no services. After sitting down, there is no waiter for 10 min. It takes them more than half hour to bring us water. The waitress is also very rude. \n\nThe food is average.
The outside had the coolest things, with lots of metal art and yard items. The inside was disappointing. Not much to be excited about, didn't see much of anything interesting.
Went for lunch and the service was not impressive considering we were the only two people in the place. They do serve Boar's Head meats so the sandwiches we ordered were delicious.\n\nIt looks like they do a brisk business on pastries and cakes. They look delicious but didn't try any this trip.
Joe Wallace will go out of his way to assure your Signage represents your business or organization they way you want. He did a Lobby and Window sign and really helped me with the right vision for the signs. I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for the right image.
Another great dinner at Joes Stone Crab.  I had the stone crab of course, sauteed spinach with garlic - everything was fresh and perfectly prepared.  Service was impeccable and the place is very comfortable.
This place is in the Golden Nugget where I stayed so it was convenient.  But I ate there twice because the Italian Wedding Soup is so good.   Very delicate and tasty.  It's made with chicken instead of beef.\nThe pizza is also good as well as the pear salad.
They need more workers poor service had too wait on ordering and then had to wait on food way to long
Great sushi!! Service is just okay. The happy hour is great and super affordable. The sashimi has always been fresh. We live around the corner from this place so we frequently go here. Definitely would recommend it!
I was quite overwhelmed with the amount of soap in this store. I'd hate to see the bubbly mess if the store was flooded. Whatever it is you are searching for it has to be in this store. It has many of your natural brands that can be hard to find in certain towns.
Came here and say in the drive thru for way too long, so drive up to the window thinking some would see us and help. Well someone saw us, but quickly walked away and never came up to the window. Needles to say, we drove off without food.
Oh my! So delicious and scrumptious! Just the perfect way to make a apple fritter! I will return( start my diet tomorrow......) smoothies are to die for. Dunkin donuts/krispie kreme have nothing on BOSA donuts:-)
AWWWWESOOOOMMMEEEE!!!!!! Hot waitresses, great atmosphere, great decor, food ROCKS! So glad we found out about this place. Ate here after a long night at EDC. Boom!
Great food but the service is so bad it's almost funny. ALMOST. I don't know of it's worth waiting for my food and having to ask constantly for refills. I would try it once but I don't recommend coming back for seconds.
We were craving ice cream for dessert and found Eis Cream Cafe through Yelp. So glad we tried it! The ice cream was delicious - we had a hard time choosing which flavor to get because they all looked good. The cherry and banana nut were awesome. Definitely coming back!
I hate prive..rude dramatic poeple...club is lame...& no where to dance or just chill way too overpacked....the only good news the bartender know how to make a purple hooter....go & order that & then just leave
This is the best Culver's I have ever eaten at. From the moment I walked in everyone was friendly and helpful. The facility was very clean. The food was delivered to my table in about 5 minutes and was exactly what I ordered. I will definitely eat here again with my family.
We are burger snobs... we think this is a good place to get a tasty and healthier burger - Highly recommend!!\nNot sure why many have complained about the service - we found everyone to be very friendly, helpful and patient, as we looked over the menu trying to figure out what we wanted.
pros: Great place! Good organic food!   Enthusiastic stuff!\n\ncons:  High turnover rate, often new stuff is clueless and service could vary from good to bad
It's Walmart. At least it's cleaner than the one on Ft. Apache and Tropicana.
Expensive but the staff is friendly and they move the line fast.
These guys suck! Horrible people, horrible service. Do waste your time or money! Did not enjoy the experience period! Try a vending truck for better luck!
It's really good americanized mexican food. I get bean cheese and rice burritos and it is always good without fail. They also have great horchata.
Great place to watch a game if you want to watch with a group. Nice atmosphere, but the food menu needs to be seriously redone. Too many other places around with much better food. If the menu and food quality improved this place could be great! Goldies their other bar in Scottsdale has a much better menu.
Why!!!! So disappointed. ..wanted good mexican food and the roll tacos are so nasty.  Super hard and cold! Isn't there anyone supervising how the food is cooked.
Not much different than any other Jamba Juice, except that they don't take gift cards (permanently). An employee there told me they are not a part of the franchise, so check to see if they are participating in the same promotions if you're going just for that.
Well equipped friendly and helpful.  They had a broad range of good clothing and equipment and were knowledgeable about riding in the area.  Wish I had something like this where I lived.
My kids absolutely loved getting their haircut here. My 2 year old keeps asking to go back and sit in the race car. We will definitely be going back.
Food was cold when it arrived.  Not worth the $
My first cheesecake factory experience. It's beautiful design and friendly staff added to the delicious meal and incredible cheesecake. The staff was on the ball. We had an enjoyable time. Couldn't eat all the cheesecake... great treat later!
Thought I would try again but once again my sandwich was wrong. Will never come again
Chicken quesadilla, chicken fajitas - sucked. The chicken was flavorless and dry. In fact it tasted as if it was microwaved/ pre-packaged. \n\nAnd waaaay to expensive. \n\nWill not eat at this chain again.
You can get lots of stuff cheaper!
I think there are better options in the Downtown area. The service was great but the Loco Moco was cafeteria-style.
Popped in for a coffee when I was in the neighborhood.  It's an interesting concept - cafe inside a bike store.  The menu and quality seem reasonable, but you have to be ok with the constant smell of rubber tires...
I took my client here as a treat. She loved it!
It's a better sub then what you would get from the other sub places & it should be... $$. \nThe kids that work there don't care, so don't be surprised if they mess up your order or give you some attitude if you make a crazy request, like throwing on a few peppers.
Good food and decent vibe.  I would eat here again without hesitation.
Cheese curds are super greasy and delicious and there's a great beer selection but when I went they double charged my credit card so make sure you check your statement. Our server was pretty awful too.  Otherwise I would give them four or five stars.
So....I really LOVE pupusas and Salvadoran tamales and these might be the best I've had.  This restaurant is in an area with many options for a variety of ethnic cuisines including other restaurants with Salvadoran menus. Glad we stopped here!!
The 4 cheese ravioli was great but the service was awful. The menu items were pretty pricey as well.
OMG wtF 35 dollars for hot dogs, and they wanted 5 more for the chili! \nIt gave me the runs and I will never go back!
Excellent beer selection here in this small bar with limited hours, and without the subpar service of Papago.  Same owner as Tops of course, and it is convenient to have a couple pints and then shop next door for takehome.  Nice place, just wish they were open daytime more, especially weekends.
This place has the most beautiful view of the city.  You absolutely cannot have a bad experience here, and recently they enhanced the food selection to make it more of a high end experience.  That way you can get more than the usual ball park food.  LET GO BUCS!
This is a good bar in a great location inside the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.  Service was excellent and the drinks just right.
A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game ,ball racing car game and connect 4 also there are several games that can be played in groups of 4
Has what you need. Then again, I primarily go for coffee in the mornings while working across the street...it's a gas station, nothing more to day.
Good NY style pizza!  Lunch specials is a good price, too.
This is the third Margaritaville we have been to...Key west was def. the best (food-wise), but this location had the best entertainment. The nachos are a must at any location! Pretty cool to grab a bite to eat, enjoy the show, then play a hand or two of Blackjack next door.
this is our go-to dine-in pizza spot on the West Side.  The kids love to play in the downstairs play space and the pizza is delicious.  My favorite pizza flavor is the Algo Malo.  It's surprisingly yummy.
WORST SERVICE EVER!! people are SOOO SO SO RUDE!! the yogurt is SOOO GROSS!! noone go here !!!! its the worst frozen yogurt place in the valley! needs to be shut down!
Grate food cold beer and Hot women
The staff is always friendly and super quick. I know a lot of times people complain that non starbucks type places take too long but it certainly isn't the case here. The iced caramel is my go to and the matador is delicious but super rich and sweet.
I have been here a few times with out of town friends and we have always sat outside so we can people watch.  You can also see the Bellagio fountains across the street which adds to the great views.  It's a lil pricey for what it is, but it is RIGHT on the strip after all.
Maybe the sandwiches are good but we had the veggie omelette and it was not good; dry and flavorless. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the manager was helpful and the peanut butter cookie was good. I do not recommend for breakfast.
I love Target to begin with. But this is by far my favorite target. It's always so clean and everything is stocked, the staff is always super friendly. \nI constantly shop at this target and have yet to have a bad experience.
Very cheap groceries. \n\nBut think about it, cheap groceries meaning you won't get any good services. The stock people barely know where certain products are, the cashiers are somewhat friendly. They just ask you how's your day going and leave it off there.
Always fresh here! Love the free birthday meal too! Small space so show up early if you want a table. Best to call in advance for take out too.
Servers are friendly and organized. I would recommend the beef tripe/tendon, short ribs and for dessert the sweet tofu. Definitely a place to visit when in Vegas with the family.
We ate here last week and it wasn't anything to get excited about. Lots of food as usual. Nothing was very good. It was decent at best and needed salt. I know salt needed at Chinese food! Yes!! I won't go back! Customer service was great
The Gumbo is to die for.  I have tried the sandwiches as well.  The Gumbo is my absolute favorite.   The staff is always friendly and even when the place is packed you still get great customer service
I will not recommend this restaurant. They used to be good two years ago. I dont know if they change their chef.
Fun sushi place with modern decor.  The all-you-can-eat includes everything on the menu which is awesome (includes apps and deserts!).  Watch out for rolls with banana and creamy sauces, as they are super rich and can fill you up too quickly.
Yummy Thrifty ice cream, snowie treats, and world famous smoothies....
great greens and beans. Solid Italian food but not nothing outstanding. Large portions, BYOB, with jelly jar wine glasses.  Either bring your own stemware or a modest bottle of wine.  A good place to go with friends.
The best yogurt I've ever had.  Try the pineapple tart and you'll think you've died and gone to heaven.
Decent. Not something I would go out of my way for. They let some of the food sit out way to long!
So fattening. SO unhealthy. SO DELICIOUS! It was worth the drive from LA to AZ.
This is a great way to get around Vegas. I do wish it was cheaper. Other than that, it was great
The guy behind the counter was friendly enough. The cupcakes were very small. They should take coffee out of the name, I felt as though I was drinking the complimentary coffee at a Motel 6.
I can leave Massage Envy after a massage and a facial for $80 total and feel like $1,000,000 !!!!!
The highest I give for quality food in a rundown stripmall is 4 stars. This place is amazingly authentic!! \n\nThe lady who owns it is awesome too. Super friendly
Waited 1.5 hours to pay and another hour to be seated. The buffet ran out of food - no prime rib or meats! Great desserts.
The raspados are absolutely delicious however their hours are unreliable. My husband and I went today at 1240 because the website said they open at 1200 but they were closed. I was craving their cajeta raspado :(
The pancakes are the best in the world.  Good food. It's a little pricey for what it is though...  You are paying tourist prices.  They DO NOT have locals special prices.  Too bad.
Macayo's food is good, just the service sometimes leads a lot to be desired!
Gets the job done. Filling value menu, can usually be full for $2. Quick drive through that doesn't close.
I ordered the 8 oz filet medium well with Mac and cheese and fingerling potatoes! My steak melted in my mouth like butter very juicy and cooked to perfection! The beer I had, Seef, amazing! Very romantic atmosphere as well!
Just another safe breakfast joint. The corn beef hash wasn't the good kind from the can. And potato pancakes were good but not worth the $7.
The service department here is the worst. I will never bring my truck back. Now a happy customer of The Bill Luke dealership.
Bad!  Be aware!  Stay away!  Horrible service! I eat at many restaurants, really don't like to give such negative reviews, but in this case....stay away!  3 of us sick after meal!  I could go on and on!  Went with a group of 8 and we all felt the same way :(
Tommy V in Scottsdale was awesome last night!!! I had been there a few times before and the food is always great.  Our waiter, Chris, was very knowledgeable.  I did not know this, but they had a jazz band last night.  Chris said they might have the band on weekends.  I would definately return to this place.
Very easy on line booking. I could also track the status of the shuttle. Our driver Derick was so curteous.  Thank you Derick for your great customer service.
Staying here was godawful.  Stay far far far away.  But stop by to see Carrot Top :)
Do not waste your time waiting for this farce of a pirate show. Not a show for children either not that I think kids should be on the strip at night anyways. It was really just barely dressed burlesque dancers lip singing. I miss the old real pirate show.
Great place to eat and watch the games.  And this is at a great location. Great service.
You will get the shits after eating here.... tried several times since I work close....  myself and coworkers all have the same result with different menu items.....  pass by, eat somewhere else.\n\nYou will thank me later
The boss trying to sell me something they want to sell, which sucks. And the food is very low quality in all the Korean restaurant. I have had. Donot come here in Uiuc!!!
Food was delicious! If you are unsure what \"authentic\" Mexican food is, double check with your server about he plate you are interested in before ordering. Great outdoor patio. Slow service. Great house margarita!
So many choices but a bit confusing if you don't know where things are. as for items on sale, they seem to have X-Small and Small only!
wait time 2 hrs to c dr.....still waiting for my blood test results after a month or so ....nobody called.......\nif u need a real dr office look somewhere else
This place is a bar/restaurant. Do not expect a lot from the food because it is horrible. My advice, do not eat here.
Cibo is a great place to get fresh, delicious pizza in an intimate setting. The crepes are also delicious and I recommend this place to anyone looking for quality food at a good price. The fact that it is an historic house adds charm!
for the first few years this place did an awesome job cleaning all of my vehicles. However about 2 years ago something changed and they started understaffing, under stocking the lobby and the entire staff became lazy....why did I come back again!? I must've forgotten. stay away unless you are desperate.  such a shame
Really long menu with lots of options so you can customize every meal!  Also-- long list of soups.  Love every one I have tried so far.  Also, great service.  Very personable waitstaff who look you in the eye and engage in conversation too.
Picked up a pizza and breadsticks tonight. Great food, and friendly service. Great visit.
Worst service ever! We waited forever to get somebody to take orders from us. And that's right after we told them that we are ready to order! Wrong drinks served as well. The waitress is just not in the mood of working!
Not worth it, eat somewhere else. We bought a day pass thinking maybe breakfast was a fluke. It wasn't, and there is one thing I have to say abou this place : GROSS !
Best car place I know, recommend to everyone.\n\nJust picked up my car, it came in *under* the estimate they gave me. \n\nBeen driving for oh 30 years now, in 3 different states, and this is by far my favorite car place.
Free cover + nice bouncers + open bar + house music = unforgettable (or rather, forgettable I should say) experience! I will be back, Marquee!
Regular pizza at fine dinning prices
Very disappointed with this store located in Boca Park. Service was terrible. I am posting a picture of the sandwich we ordered. Pretty much bare with very little on it. Server didn't bring all our order, had to go back and deal with the line. The light fixture above us was filthy and had dead bugs in it
Bring your own ranch! They charge $1.00 for ranch. Food is OK but service SUX. E for effort.
Disappointing!! It is 9pm and we can't get a burger... Because they don't make them this late --- what? We left the Panther's game early! Oh well. We're here and it will be the last time.
We came here on a friends recommendation.  The food was good, but not really a wow.  The best part was the twice baked potato. The place itself was quaint and cozy & it was nice to see old Montreal.
Very small theater- but very inexpensive tickets and snacks. This place is usually empty, yet regularly get's the latest blockbusters. \n\nI'm a big fan, but if it came to a blockbuster action masterpiece like Dark Knight, I would head elsewhere to an Imax or larger screen.
Just got back from Brunch there. We had the buffet for $8. It was not very good compared to other indian brunches we have had -- cheap priced and cheap food. Flavor -- blah. \n\nMy suggest avoid or avoid the brunch
Italian owned, so you'd think they could make some authentic dishes. Not impressed.
Zach at Ganem Jewelers is fantastic!!!!
I had this place last night , sushi was good service was fast nice people i ordered the spicy tuna and rainbow roll , sushi portions are nice spicy mayo was good and eel sauce , ill go there again when im in the henderson area =]
Burgers are ok mine was a little greesy. Better than most fast food places. There are other burger places that are better. I dont think I will be back since there are better choices close by.
Amazing company! The best one in Vegas!
went here today for the first time after reading other reviews...they were inexpensive and quick. Definitely will be returning!
Love the place :)). Green tea creme brulee was awesome..
Not very impressed. Pad Thai, watered down.
The food is fantastic.. who knew you could have so many crazy vegan substitutes for weird meats..  the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired (the last time I was there there was a tv showing some sort of religious figure speaking for about an hour) but the food totally makes up for it.
My lady and I both got food poisoning from here. Enough said!!!!!!!!!
Favorite Park in the city! Beautiful spot! Fitness,Family or Fun!
This is a beautiful salon!  I love my stylist Guillermo and follow him wherever he goes and I really hope he stays here because I loved the atmosphere.  Everyone was very friendly and of course my haircut was amazing at a reasonable price.
2nd chance didn't make it better . They messed up our dinner order and had some  kitchen issue, so we had to wait. Food came Orange ckn and it was overcooked and very,very dry !
Terrible place awful food worse bartenders. Gross
This place is a dump .... mold everywhere toilets.sinks.showers in cabinets would not deem reasonable for a prison let alone an apartment complex
Lavender vanilla latte is perfect.  Highly recommended any espresso drink here.  No food or baked goods available, just coffee.
I can't really comprehend how a chain restaurant can serve fresh produce--but they did, and it was great. The asparagus was maybe perfect? Also our waitress, Mary, was pretty rad. The best thing that anyone on a road trip could have asked for.
Zero stars needs to be an optiion!  Terrible food!!  No other words for the quality of food except TERRIBLE!!
Totally cheap, nasty, gross food! Skip this place.
Food was amazing. Micheladas were the best weve had. Its great for large groups and perfect on a Sunday.
We had the lemongrass chicken and the spicy eggplant with tofu.  We also had the dumplings for an appetizer. It was all very good.
Just OK. Food was anything to rave about. I've been to other Tacones and the food has always been really good. Very disappointed. I do think this location focuses more on the alcoholic beverages than the food.
It took over 45 minutes for the food to come out.  I ordered the chicken fried chicken.  The chicken was so rubbery and the crust was soggy.  My eggs were over done and the toast was burnt. Will never go there again for breakfast.
A grand \"old dame\" of a hotel. Friendly, efficient staff. Well appointed.
5 stars ONLY for the food. Amazing burgers and bruschetta to die for. Service was very poor. Bartender/waitress was extremely unbecoming and acted very inconvenienced to serve us. Would go back purely for the food.
We stopped here on tour one time.  And then one time again on the way back.  Had a nice meal, some beers, some shots, hung out for a bit.  Everyone working there was really friendly.  If I'm ever headed through again I'd definitely stop in.
Ive been coming here for the past 5 years and they have maintained their low prices and great quality food. I lived in Mexico for 10 years and this is as authentic as it gets in Arizona.
Gorgeous pool and very clean and I wasn't there in summertime and the service is great in the scenery and the people scenery is gorgeous
good for wings but I had one skinnyrita as the waitress said it was their one of favorites but i didn't like it that much.But it is ok and the location is nearer to me so i would love to go again for wings..:)
Our waitress was nice. But everything else wasn't. Food took forever to come out. Ask for  water in a kids cup, took them 15min or so. It was Thursday nooning, hardly anyone there.. I like Johnny rockets but not coming back to this one :(
Average Mexican restaurant. Margaritas were dreadful, sent them back. Had chicken suiza enchiladas and my husband had chicken fajitas. The chicken was good. Server got several things wrong with our order but was friendly. Nothing special or outstanding about this restaurant.
Flies buzzing around the cooked chicken. Employees were aware of this but did not seem to be very concerned. Go to this location if you are desperate for poorly protected and unsanitary fried chicken.
Part of the City Art Centre this is unfortunately not as good as the attraction it services. A fairly soul-less though bright enough high-ceilinged room, at \u00a36 their cooked breakfast is not good value & you'll definitely find better for less elsewhere.
This pizza place is in the food court of the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas.  It's similar to sbarro's, but has more varieties of pizza toppings.  The chicken & veggie and mushroom pizza is very good!  There's also some pasta, salad, and garlic bread.
Maybe I'm just unlucky but I've been three times now and everytime I've gotten stale, hard buns. I think I'm done.
Not a bad visit...the store seems to be always busy...but that's usually a good thing...overall another profitable visit to get our groceries!!!
Walking distance to my apartment. The service is ok . The food is really good . I reccomend the sliders or fish and chips are really good. T.V's are kinda small for a sports bar and grill. I go back for the happy hour 2for 1 bud or margaritas .
So gross, I will never come back. The staff was drunk, customers drinking left over beers from other customers left on tables, people with starring problems. Just a low class dive bar that needs a complete make over. Stay away, there are better places to eat - Jack in the Box would be a better choice.
They do coffee right; no complaints with my small latte. You can taste the freshly roasted beans. They have some tempting baked goods brought in from their downtown location. I loved the zucchini- goat cheese scone with a sprinkle of sea salt on top. Yum!
