Had a ressie for 9:30...showed up...was given a beeper as if i had not made a ressie...excited for the food...not excited to tip
They are always fast and the place is spotless. I've never been into a teriyaki Restraunt that was so damm clean.
If I could give this place a zero I would. The repairs which I had done, turned into more repairs which were preventable. Please\nSave yourself some money and take your business elsewhere.
Dear EBC, \n\nYou made me hungover and unable to fully enjoy Marquee on Saturday, but I ain't mad at cha. \n\nLove, \nJewels
This is my favorite place to get Mexican food. I live in Salt Lake City and make it a point to come here at least once every time I come to Vegas. The guacamole is awesome, they make it fresh at your table.
The Thai dishes are good but the Chinese dishes are average.
This is a good park!  It is a public park so you can expect to find the occasional used bandaid and cigarette butt in the sand- but so long as you keep an eye on your little one (mine is only one) then you should be fine.  I love that they have two separate playgrounds - one for older kids and one for younger!
Good food decent prices, only been here for lunch though
Extremely small portions!!! Rude service and don't even think about asking for onions, pickles or cucumbers....you'll get 3. It will be the smallest sandwich for $9.00. Worthless, walk a bit further to Chipotle.
dollar cones on tuesday and wednesday.. can't beat it!
I understand they're a business but if I responded no to the first 20 things they tried selling me you would think they would stop asking the next 10. I do enjoy the top off program because I'm very concerned with always keeping oil in my vehicle.
Average hotel bar. Stopped by with a couple friends on the way back to the hotel.
Wonderful place. Great service. Honest work. Can't say enough about them. So grateful I was referred to them.
Love the food, decor, and of course awesome cocktails. Definitely one of my top choices for downtown cool.
This place always has what I want or need- and at great prices too! I love when they have the ten for ten dollars deals on bakery products such as flour and sugar. I stalk up for the holiday here! The pharmacy is great too, they are always very friendly and very helpful.
IHop is a good place for breakfast, the food is reasonably priced and the portions are good. My only gripe is that it is always too cold in the restaurant.
Good location, the room was fairly nice. Overall, A OK. Nice cafes inside as well, decent food.
Bought a personal pan pizza at aprox 2 pm. Wife got a taco. I am now throwing up pizza now since 7 pm. Food poisoning. Stay away
Purchased a Groupon based on the menu online linked to the site. Sat down and noticed some dishes were up to $5 more than the online menu and they would not honor the price. She was rude and would not help us in any way. We walked out.
attention : new york pizza does not have online ordering there is a website named : www.bringmethat.com that has them listed there, however this website is a scam they have noo agreements with any restaurants on their site . also their prices are way higher . please call if you want to order from new york pizza .
Wish Chef would find another location outside of Suncoast.  His recipes are very good.  Service could be better.
More mornings than not the drive thru is slower than a snail. I'm not sure why the line just sits for more than two minutes. Simple coffee and sandwich turns into 15 min.
My friends and I still call it 'Los' and it's my favorite burrito spot. Bean & cheese burrito is the best ever but the entr\u00e9es are legit too.
Amazing food, especially the Peruvian soup
They have the best waffles in town!
The room is spacious and reminiscent of the one at Red Rock.  The overall food quality was good, but the variety was disappointing because the ethnic stations were closed as was the dessert section. I settled on a rather mundane breakfast of cooked-to-my specifications (thin) omelet, OJ, fruit, bacon and more fruit.
Had breakfast today with the family.  Weekly tradition for Wednesdays!  Pat took care of us like she always does.  Great meal and service.
The margaritas and atmosphere are wonderful but the food is average. I would definitely go back for drinks, but for food, I would visit Poncho's down the street. That restaurant has amazing salsa and it's spicier than the salsa at Los Dos Molinos.
It's annoying here. I've been many times, the service is always good. But the restroom doors, hideous art pieces and boring menu are not cute anymore.
The Spicy Fish Masala is pure awesomeness. Shrimp Fried Rice is my next favorite. The flavor is unique. Will be a fan forever!
Go to Manny's on Ind Sch & El Mirage! Soooo much better food & drinx
I have taken several lessons here and really enjoyed myself.  I didn't think that I could really learn to dance at my age, but they proved me wrong.  I just went to their dance show and it was a lot of fun.  I definitely will continue to take lessons here as I am having a great time!!!
This was the worst food i ever had. They messed up our order when they delivered it. So we had to call and I brought the rest of the food. My daughter got sick a few hours  later and I believe she got food poisoning. So my review on this is do not eat here
Decent food, great service.  HUGE margaritas, and not stingy with the booze.  We got the lobster tail and crab legs.  The lobster was sweet, if a bit dry.  Crab was very good quality.
So good!!! My kids loved the burger and bangers n mash pasties.  The tiki masala was awesome and so was the classic and Greek... Casual little place... Super good!
It's exactly like every other Barnes and Noble I've ever been to, exactly.
Tried the stir fry crispy beef and the spicy island chicken. The beef reminds of Peking beef drenched in sweet spicy sauce. The chicken tastes horrible, dry and flavorless. I wouldn't even call this real Chinese food
While staying in the hotel, I ate at the buffet twice.  Everything was excellent.  I particularly was fond of the prime rib.  The selection of pizza was also very good.  For an extra 5 bucks endless mimosas!! They also had a chocolate filled eclair that was to die for!
I wish I had something nice to say about this place but everything about the experience today was disappointing!  I will not be visiting this location again
This airport reminded me of the movie BLOW. It's beyond old school. Old dirty looking carpets and all around boring feel. However, it is functional and it does what its supposed to do.
Easily one of my top 15 all time meals. Absolutely delicious & fresh! Practically licked the bowl of the tableside guacamole. Pulled pork tacos melted in your mouth. And the margaritas washed it all down with a smile.
Used to be my favorite restaurant in Vegas. But since they stopped serving breakfast all day, it's just another restaurant. Okay food. Okay service.
The waitress is suck.\nAnd the dishes tastes not so good \nBad restaurant forever.\nMaybe u guys can choose Golden Harbor to eat the Chinese restaurant\nDo not come to this bad restaurant\nYou will be regret for your choice
Smart Gym has lots of new state of the art equipment. I've tried several of the group fitness classes which have been fun and challenging. I've found the fitness instructors to be first rate. It's very clean, there are members of all ages and the monthly rate is very affordable.
Chipotle bowl has just the right amount of spice and just the right amount of sweet....\n\nI swear the donut has some crack or something. They just hit the spot. \n\nGreat service, clean location, simple good food.
QTs are usually pretty clean,fast etc but this one is the most ghetto QT I've ever seen. It is in the Tolleson area so par for the course I suppose.
Great food, little empty inside but the girl was polite, food was excellent, could be a little bigger portion but taste makes up for it.
Awesome food & great friendly staff. Awesome new owners,  this is definitely NOT the old Aros Grill.  A definite must try...
Renting from them is a nightmare. They don't understand the language in a lease agreement and take much too long to respond to any repair requests, if they do at all. Be careful dealing with them. Have enough money for an attorney and a good one.
This Starbucks is in a great part of the Hilton Village. I live right down the street and come here often. My drinks are always perfect but this isn't the quickest Starbucks. If you are in a rush skip this location.
I love this place. They have such great food, i leave satisfied every visit.\nThe foods delish, the staff is friendly, and the decor is awesome. \nCould eat there everyday  :)
Nice job Mr. Wynn. A great place for good, creative union of Japanese and Chinese. Delectable flavours supported by impeccable service and fine music. The sashimi, lobster and various table shares were outstanding. WOW!!!
Honestly, going here on a Saturday night was a completely normal experience. Beau was looking for a case for his phone- and while we left empty handed, it was not crowded and someone helped us the second we got in the door. No complaints here.
Service was good. Really expensive for breakfast. Didn't like my order much. It was something with salmon in a skillet. I like the the atmosphere though but wouldn't come again.
This place by far has the BEST Hot Dogs in Charlotte!
If you have eaten at a Cheescake Factory, then this is the EXACT same.  Large portions and huge menu.  Decent breakfast (including a buffet).  Inside the Venetian casino.
The food was excellent but the service was poor. Our waitress was no where to be found. I hope they fix that soon. But again the food was great absolutely loved the food.
this is my favorite buffet in all of las vegas. i come here everytime and i'm never disappointed EXCEPT by their crabs this time (it wasn't really alaskan king crab because the crab legs seemed small) . but other than that, their food is delicious and i would come back again
Traditional and delicious food. Really neat restaurant that used to be a church.
I have ate here a lot and got it to go. Today we ordered my pizza and wings TO GO and they marked it dine in. So my wings came out 10 mins before pizza was done. Making my wings get cold as I waited for the pizza to get done.
Most disgusting food ever! Meat is bland, guacamole tastes gross and the place looks dirty! Their is nothing gourmet about this place, yuck! Oh and to top it off the staff is rude.
AMAZING!!!  The scrambler is unmatched and those marigold potatoes... Wow. You must go here.
they did not get 5 stars because the first boat broke down. I am just glad it was not in the middle of traffic. oh well crap happens! \nthe tours are entertaining and fun for the whole family. i got into the quacking at strangers. they give everyone a chance to drive the boat.
The atmosphere is very calming, very soft lighting. They have a reasonably priced wine selection and also the menu is amazing. I would definitely recommend the chicken carpaccio
Cheap gas on the Western edge of town.
Baby Stacks is one of my favorite breakfast spots in Las Vegas.  Good service and great food.  Expect a wait.  It is a popular place.
Ron totally took care of our needs at the bar.  Steve the manger was totally accommodating to all our needs.  Food and drink was totally great.  Piquillo peppers were to die for.....we will be back!!
Love this spot! We go once week, some times twice! Awesome spot to just kick back and enjoy an awesome prime rib, and an ice cold draft. Friendly staff, great bartender!
Wonderful, cute and excellent food! We waited a few minutes for a table but we'll worth it. Service was awesome too.
Highly recommended if you have kids.  Great family outing in Vegas.  You get a decent show and food.  The food was okay, but the tomato soup was excellent.\n\nNo utensils here...it's finger lickin' good.
Be warned; you can't book anything earlier than 2 months in advance!\n\nI called today to schedule a massage and was told that the soonest they could schedule something was early March.  Who schedules massages that far in advance?!
went back recently, same b.s.
The food was amazing! Hands down a great meal, but the service sucked. At one point our server asked us a question while he walked by...but he never stopped walking! \nIt just didn't have the feel of a 4 or 5 star restaurant.
It has gone downhill. Hour wait for less than mediocre job. I have been so many times and it keeps getting worse.
Excellent Breakfast, friendly staff, and great ambiance! Highly suggest the cheddar biscuits and Hawaiian French toast.Great little local spot. Can't wait to go back and try the Monte!! :) Yummm!
Asian food that tastes little like authentic Asian food -- even less than something like a PF Changs, I can't say I was impressed. I won't be returning to this place.
The service and atmosphere was great.....but it couldn't make up for the super greasy food. Even the spaghetti squash dish was swimming in butter. I like comfort food but this wasn't comforting it was just oily.
Quality service, warm atmosphere! Sherry provides skilled, soothing skin care treatments. I left feeling relaxed and refreshed.
Amazing service and heavenly food. The Fez burger couldn't have been bigger or better. Yum!
I only order the Chicken Katsu from here and it is very good. The sauce is yummy + mac salad that comes with is delicious :) \n\nCustomer service is great.
Always on point. I get the Carmel chicken.. The crab wontons are a guilt must have. And I love there  tea too. Ate her for two years and always pleased. Thx!
most overrated and overhyped burger i've ever come across\neveryone said i must have animal style- didnt tell me it was like thousand island dressing which i hate- anyways perhaps i'll try it again NOT animal style and rerate for now gets 2 stars for edibility
Beer, real good. Burgers, awesome. Fries, yum. Service, decent although a bit slow. Overall, I like this place and will be coming back!
Fast delivery. Food was hot. Crab puffs were excellent. Beef egg foo yung was tasty albeit the gravy was a little bland. First time to try them. Will definitely order again. Forgot to ask for real Chinese mustard. Hope they do have it for next time. Very affordable. Good job.
This place is to DIE for with BBQ. I have eaten at a ton of BBQ joints all across the USA including some of the best in the west in Texas and this place is at the too with BBQ. You will not be disappointed and the price is great as well.
Ten stars! First Poke experience and I had to fly from Texas to get it. They literally gave me about 15 samples. The described just about every dish and answered every question I had. Walked over to a Hawaiian cafe to order some rice and munched out. They have no tables strictly to go.
Nasty. I'd rather spend a little more for better quality food. This is one step up from Applebee's.
They've just never been a bike store that is really pro cycling, I mean not really there for cyclists. Everything is an argument, the work they do sucks, they have cheap bikes that are better than department store shit, but only just better...
Definitely a great  place to stop in for a beer and a good (not fussy or overpriced) bite to eat if you are in or near 4th Ward.  This place is a  Charlotte instititution! I have many fond memories of gathering with friends at Al Mike's throughout the 90's!
Food was so good and prices are reasonable. Definitely coming back next time we are in Vegas
Good sushi but my fianc\u00e9 and I have had much better.  Maybe because we have been to the best of the best, but this was just ok and nothing spectacular.  It was fresh ingredients though and a nice cute date spot for maybe a first date.  Service was quick!
This was one place that I was not surprised to check it out on yelp to see everyone has given it 5 stars! The food is fantastic and the fact that you can pick between 1 and 10 to your specification to its spiciness is also fantastic!! Its all good so I have no specific food to point out!!!
If you go here, get a gift card from restaurant.com. They always have specials so you get 50%-70% off the cards. It ends up costing you $3 when you get a $25 gift card to this place. So worth it.
First time going to this particular chilis. Seems about the same as any other except they were out of veggie burgers. First time that's happened in many years of ordering it at every chilis I've ever been to. Not a great first impression.
I was here last night for the Mosaik ballet.  Gotta love this old, nicely restored theatre.  It's a classic and I enjoy attending performances here every time.
The martinis are slightly better than average; the service is slighlty below average, so it evens out.  Go during happy hour; otherwise, it's not really worth it.  Typically, it's lots of locals, and it's not the Strip, so you definitely could do A LOT worse.
Bomb ramen. All the other food is delicious. Always worth the wait. They can always do most specials any day. Love the atmosphere and service. Never have been let down by this place.
Christian has been cutting my hair for over two years. She is a true artist - her cuts are both stylish and trendy!!  I recommend giving her a try - you won't be disappointed!
Fast & efficient service. Employees are very amiable and prices are reasonable. A great quick pick up especially if you're waiting for jury duty!
Good but not as hyped.
Pretty good dining experience.  I had the horse tartare.  But I preferred Garde Manger!
Real ghetto never again that Indian lady's , and she didn't even help rude and very ignorant + she certainly doesn't no nothing I tried asking her simple questions and not even focused or anything I'm giving a star just because u have to so I can post this
Definitely the nicest Waffle House I have ever been to. Really friendly service and delicious breakfast.
Rooms are very old fashioned!   This place is screaming for some upgrades!  Other than that, it was an ordinary hotel...nothing stands out to me aside from the castle features on the outside.
Good food in a comfortable setting, staff was pleasant and attentive. Wines were pretty pricey but pizza and pasta were good! give it a try.
I would not go back to this place, even though it is close. It looks run down and dirty inside, both in the waiting areas and exam rooms. I did not feel very confident in the skills or assessment done by the doctor or the staff. It seemed quick and not very thorough.
No receipt, wrong change, and the food was awful. In my chicken burrito, I found tendons, a lot if fat, all dark meet with brown fatty tissues. Seriously, I hope I throw it up but don't want to taste it again.
Beautiful clean rooms, friendly staff, and lots of choices for entertainment
Geez!!! Just another Sam Woo with bad Service!!! The food not so great. Dont plan on coming back!!!!
Best massage in the whole valley!!! Michael is amazing!!! He can do a variety of massages but his deep tissue is phenomenal!!!
The food was ok at best the waiter sucked for being the same owners as Vic and Anthony  steakhouse the two don't compare to each other this place reminds me of a over priced joes crab  shack with bad service
The Chicago hot dog at Johnnie's is simply the best Chicago hot dog I've ever had. Even compared to the ones I've had in Chicago. I generally order two hot dogs, a side of fries, and a soda, and I get out of there well-fed for under $10.
Une vari\u00e9t\u00e9 de succulentes poutines! J'adore celle avec des merguez! Miam!
We had the Mezcal drink! Great. On to the Duck confit stuffed Rellano. OMG. The best we've ever had!
Had the calzone Saturday. REALLY good. As usual, great service, friendly people, plenty of sports. A great spot.
Excellent breakfast and a fun place to go with kids! We have only ever had breakfast here, and on their breakfast menu the waffles amazing! The breakfast tacos and scramble bowls are excellent too.
This place is wonderful!  Food is always fresh and delicious.  We come here at least 3 times a week for lunch and are never disappointed.  The soups are to die for and they have the best lemon bar I have ever had!  Best part is the owners...they are so sweet and make a point to know all their customers!
These guys have been my plumbers for years and for good reason. Very trust worthy, punctual and friendly. Always get things done quickly for me and at a great price. I love the fact that they are a family business too.
Absolutely love the food and service. Everything is always fresh and high quality. Can't beat the lunch specials and the portions are shareable. I havn't found anything that I don't like, I've tried.
The food was tasty and attractively presented, but the preparation was incredibly slow. It took over 45 minutes for a half-dozen sushi to come out of the kitchen, and the restaurant was less than half full.
If u like authenticed northern chinese food then this is for u. Trust me I was born and raised in that region of China.
Had high hopes but found pizza boring and plain.  Not enough sauce and way too much cheese.  Menu states thin crust but it was more like a medium  thickness.  Now that said, for the price, fine, but you get what you pay for right?  Case in point with Say Cheese's pizza.
My favorite pizza in Arizona, almost as good as my favorite place in Seattle. Cool ambiance, great food, just an interesting place to be. I'm also a sucker for old restored buildings. They make an amazing white mushroom truffle oil pizza - and I hate mushrooms. Eat here!
I've been doing business with PostalMax for a number of years now as I live nearby and have had nothing but positive experiences with the PostalMax staff.  Always friendly, helpful, and fast!  The rest of my family uses Postal Max also for their shipping needs, I would highly recommend!
W hotels are fabulous - but this location lacks luster. Mediocre rooms, subpar services (front desk, valet and housekeeping - left me stranded w/o toilet paper after 3 calls), ultra cramped gym.  However, the pool is worth checking out - nice concept layout in middle of a desert oasis.
Eww, food was horrible.  Only reason I gave it 1 star was because the fries were decent.\n\nEww. Never again
I was hoping for a more adult friendly place. I haven't been here in years, it used to be a gay-friendly hotspot. Now it seems to caters more to families and children. I've heard the restaurant is good, but I haven't visited yet.
Great place great bakery and owners are from AUSTRIA, AMAZING PLACE FOR EVERYTHING.
The technicians were nice but service was horrible. 1 and a half weeks to fix my dryer and 3 visits. There were 2 technicians each had a different diagnosis neither had the proper part. It was pretty amazing at the failure they had. Today is hopefully the day they fix it
Not like it used to be!! I used to be a regular here about 10 years ago. The place was always packed and we would get great service. Well....Went back tonight and found it to be over-priced with poor service. No wonder the place was empty.   Shameful.
Thas was absolutely horrible.  The table cloth was dirty.  The buffet was small and not very appetizing looking.  The bathroom was moldy.  Stay away!
Good stuff!\n\nI typically order the chicken parmesan meal, which comes covered in cheese and spaghetti. The garlic butter breadsticks accompanying the meal are soggy, but flavorful.\n\nIn need of a filling meal and craving Italian? Consider Fazoli's.
Place was good, The ladies are fast and efficient  sad they anit have Hennessy but they made up for it . Sports channel is always on   Had a good time
If I could put negative 1 million stars I would place sucks, DO NOT COME HERE AND EXPECT TO BE SEATED, do your self a favor and not be lazy and find a better brazzilian BBQ place on the strip unless your willing to wait for 2 hours.
Renee and all the other stylists at Studio 480 do a great job for their clients.  I've had my hair done there many times and always come away pleased.  The nail tech does a great job too.  They carry a variety of hair products as well.\n\nThe new location has a great decor too.
very good for a buffet in spite of the incredibly long line.  great desserts (creme brulee) and decent meats and veggies.
This Hawaiian themed burger joint was ok. They have some Hawaiian style dishes & a wide variety of burger toppings. The food was pretty good but the service was very poor. Waiting 10 minutes plus just to get drink refills or more napkins is not cool.
Average for me, NJ pizza rules, this place was ok, no complaints.
Worth the wait and the money...be sure you are hungry. Brunch worked best for me except I couldn't last long enough to get to the oysters. The service is awesome...people tip the cooks, waitstaff, and the bussers!
Great value! The salad pizza is perfect if you're like me and don't care much for red sauce. The wings are delicious and you won't find a deal for 40 wings cheaper than you can find here. They will even let you choose more than one flavor if you call rather than order online.
this place is delicious! Since they only have seats around the bar, the wait can be horrendous at times.  We waited 45-60 min for 4 seats.  But it's worth the wait. The oysters are really good, as are the other dishes they have.
Lots and lots of sushi...but not that many taste good. \n\nLots of other stuff too, but also doesn't really taste that great. \n\nThey also charge you for drinks. \n\nIt's just A-OK...
Visited here with friends during school residency. Just a notch up from a regular Chinese restaurant. Wasn't really impressed. Tried this spot again in Fresno but my rating will remain the same!
Nom Nom Nom.  The end.  (for now)
I would highly recommend this place.   The food was delicious.  We got the pork buns very good as was the Thai chicken.   I ordered the pad Thai it was excellent.  The staff was outstanding.  Very attentive.  Some of the best service.    Only downside. Parking is very limited on the street but worth the walk to eat here.
Could have easily been a 5 star but our food came out cold. You could tell that if it had been hot it would have been good. Ribs, creamed corn, potato cakes all cold like they had been sitting awhile with no heat. Cool spot with outdoor seating and music. Good for kids.
The food was excellent loved it the bacon wrapped filet was great
I was a little worried about it at first because it's in an open room with others, but it's clothes on and I have to say it was amazing and I'm telling everyone about it. I will TOTALLY go again!
Timely, helpful, honest!
Though a bit off the beaten path, I was thoroughly impressed with Farren's:\n\n1) The food was absolutely delicious.\n2) The service was excellent, I never had to wonder where they were and the food arrived promptly.\n3) Kobe beef burger? YES!
Excellent #glutenfree food + customer service! Highly recommended from #TheFoodClick!
Just a normal update.  Went again for dinner with friends on Friday, 6/24.  Very good again.  Nothing has changed.
Tuna sandwich was horrible. Dry tuna from a can and no flavor. Way too much bread and the top was burnt a little. Felt sick a couple hours later.
Heard about Maui dog on yelp so when we flew into Phoenix we stopped by. The Hot Dogs were great. You must try one. We will make sure we go back before we leave.
Had the Andaman Duck and would get it again.\n Also tasted the Pad Thai that's also very tasty
Not really loving the new changes going on...
Slow service!!!  Overpriced. Food when it arrived was cold but we were too hungry to complain.
Nasty!  Fish is square like overstock freezer patties.  Shrimp was flat discs of ???  I do not think it was real shrimp.  French fries were barely cooked dripping with oil and soggy.  Had we not gone through drive through I would not have accepted the food.  We will not ever go back.
My recent experience at this location was terrible. If I could I wouldn't even give them one star. Their customer service is truly that bad!
The carnitas and chorizo skillet is 4 stars in and of itself.  It's that good.  A little Cholula and it becomes divine.  \n\nI'll be back to try more.
Place was okay but I've been spoiled by other places.\nJust beware -- some of the rice is flavored with what I could swear is apple cider vinegar instead of rice vinegar.\nWhat the...?\nThe waitress took it back, though, and tried to make things right.
Superbowl in AZ! \n\nAnd Giants / A's spring training?!\nI might have to move here from Feb to March!
One of the best shisha spot in Montreal.  In a very relaxed ambiance. Monday jazz night and of corse Sunday night groove with Dj D. For a mixe of hip-hop and disco and oldies hit. Just amazin'
Have been a few times now.  Discovered that you can get items not on the specials lunch menu from the regular menu - just gotta ask.  Our service was great, the food was great (Kaprow), and they serve cold or Hot Sake which is an added bonus.  Will definitely be taking my friends and family here!
Can't go wrong with their buy one, get one free t-shirt section! Always a lot to choose from and a great atmosphere in the heart of campus.
The best chinese food I have had in a very long time!!! Service is great as well, always friendly!
Worst service ever! Waited ten min to be greeted was never offered wine or dessert! Never received refills on drinks bread sticks etc took our server 10 min to come and check on us! Will never return to this location!!!!!!!!!!!
Great shop with a good group of Mechanics.  I've taken quite a few cars there. Support your local shops and still get it done cheaper.
Stayed here for the first time.. Fabulous!  Great atmosphere... Friendly staff, clean hotel & rooms!  Only down side is there are no shower curtains in the showers... It's cold out there!  They said the architect they had said its the new style!  Oh well. Everything else was great!!
The food is good but this place has the slowest service on the east side. \nFrom the menu to the check, everything takes forever even when there are only a couple tables in the restaurant. \nI suggest you call 20 min ahead and order before you walk in.
Ate here tonight and there was a roach crawling on the sushi bar next to my friends plate. We told the waitress and she just looked at the counter and walked away. I am super grossed out and I won't be back. ever.
Excellent place to eat. Their food is always hot and fresh and the bagels are always soft and melt in your mouth.
Oder eggs, hash brown and bacon person next to Oder the same to go after he had his breakfast because bacon smell great
I have been coming here for about 2 years due to one item on the menu.  The ham and bean soup is INSANE.  The best soup in Vegas hands down.   The rest of the menu is awesome as well but get the SOUP.   Sick.
So many good beers! I recommend the jalape\u00f1o beer, it's really unique. It's a more relaxed atmosphere compared to NoDa brewing right next store. Birdsong doesn't have TVs, but it's nice to hangout with friends for a drink.
RIP
Recently came and had this awesome company redo my sinks and cabinets in my salon. They did the most amazing job and now I have brand new eye candy for my clients! This company offered me a reasonable price and got the job done in a timely matter. I def recommend this place to anyone who wants to remodel their home!
Got here at 10:30am and the food was super dry and all breaded items were hard as a rock.   You would THINK they would be fresher early in the morning.  Save your money and go to Buffet Asia on Nellis. You'll be making a much better choice
This is my third visit each time I've gotten a server worse than before.  The chips and dips are great. The food spicy, too spicy the waitress didn't even notice we Had not eaten it! Save your mouth fun a phat burrito  or go to the one in Texas!
This is the most amazing restaurant. I've eaten here 2 or 3 times since 2007 and wish I could go there every week, however there are so many other places I like to try. I HIGHLY recommend the duck 5-ways. YUM!
The breakfast was good. However it was the first place where the waiter asked (sic!) for the tips.
Rhonda is very empathic and caring. I love patronizing this small business. I switched from a different brand to one of hers for my German shepherds and it really improved their coats almost immediately. She is really a great person and a German shepherd enthusiast. Need I say more?
I'm all sad...I read the reviews and was all excited to get a Rock Star Pedi and come to find out they aren't accepting new clients.  I won't knock them from their perfect 5 stars, but I think everyone else should know so you don't get all excited like I did....
Yes, there's a lot of candy.  Great.  The drinks are pretty cool.  Good job.  But this is Las Vegas and I'm hungover and all I want are some freaking eggs.  Who stops serving breakfast at 11!?!  This is unforgivable.
Great food and atmosphere but two rounds of shots for 5,  a plate of fries and 2 games of bowling came out to 360.00!!!!  I would NEVER go back here. .. way over priced. ..
Went here for lunch the other day with a friend. The food was yum! The portions were generous. Service was great. Our server's name was Blake and he was just sweet as can be. \n\nI can't wait to come back and try it for happy hour because I have heard good things.
Great martini's and they have a very good steak tartare (see photo).
This is an absolute must if you're visiting Montreal. You get to see so much more of this spectacular city! There's stations everywhere so dont worry about exceeding the 30 minute free trip. \n\nHere's a tip, don't bike if you're drunk though, especially at night.
The soup wasn't bad, but the guy who was serving it was really creepy and totally ruined the entire experience. Plus, they were out of my first and second choices even though they were supposed to be open for 2 more hours.
Not a good showroomif you are in a wheelchair. My friend got stuck in the wheelchair lift and we never saw the show. They refunded my tickets for $183 but the billed me for $411. They admit that this was a mistake but they have not sent a letter to MC and corrected the mistake.
I was so excited for a new yogurt place in Buckeye, but disappointed when we actually tried it. \nThe atmosphere is nice, the staff is very friendly but the quality of the yogurt is not very good. \nToppings are pretty good, just wish the yogurt was better quality!
Good pizza. . Server Brad was great. .. from Seattle and appreciated the environment. . Good job guys!
Have gone here multiple times, good food, great location for the Benedum and Heinz Hall. However, always, there is a grumpy, short tempered woman at the door--forced us to hang our coats, even though we were freezing.  I wouldn't honestly complain, but this lady is just rude.
The food here is really good and perfectly priced for a casual  fun night with friends!  The drinks are generously blended and the atmosphere is engaging.  The servers are prompt and attentive, too!
Only have been here to get their pies to go for a pot luck.  The pies were mouth watering...  SO GOOD!  Need to come back to try the food.
Very good bagels with a hint of back east charm (small and a bit worn down).  Love the Sunflower bagels, not sure what makes it so tasty but Yum!!
Good and cheap cookie sandwiches, but the store seems a little sad and empty.
SOOO GOOD!!! I always get the 4 piece spicy. Perfect every time. You won't be disappointed. It's also a convenience store with a really good selection of drinks =]
Very pleased.  I booked online, found a discount coupon, and the payment process was easy enough.  They picked us up in Carefree and took us to airport.  The driver was friendly, prompt, and did not chat a lot. Very happy!
give them 2.5 stars but i am forced to round and i rounded down. Service good, dogs decent but food a little pricy and they have coke. that keeps me from going there more. I like dogs so find myself stopping by on my way out of Target.
There's always one person doing a pedi and one doing nails. Never enough people working and when you come in they give you a high wait time because it's just two of them. Average service. Nothing special about them. Decent price. $20 for a pedicure.
Nobody greeted us or asked if we needed help. Spencer's, has the same prices but brand new appliances.
I really love their juices here but their customer service makes you not want to ever come back.  All 3 times I've been here the teenage girls act like they are doing you a favor by taking your order.  Usually takes 10+ minutes to get anything even if there is nobody else here.  They are just busy in the back gossiping.
Had delivery through grubhub by far worst delivery good I have had got their version of the French dip the core de lane well the need was cold should be hot no au jus and the meat was burnt very poor experience especially delivery time was an hour
Service is awesome.  Staff is great, ordered tilapia burrito stuff with rice, sweet corn, purple cabbage, omg it was delicious, recommend this to anyone.
This place is great.  The staff is really friendly and the chile verde burrito is fantastic.  You know a mexican restaurant is good when most of the customers are hispanic.  I eat here for lunch three or four times a week.  Best cheap mexican food in Vegas.
Stop by once a week always to great food and great service.  Food is just like back home. This is my substitute instead of traveling home. I recommend this to all my friends. Stop by and grab some great grub.
Had lunch at the Grand Lux Cafe at Palazzo, waited 15 minutes before anyone came to table 15 to put in order, then 40 minutes to get food! And wasn't impressed with that! Will not return!
Bacon! Bacon!  And more Bacon!  Even the donuts are made out of bacon.  It is really quite good though not spectacularly so.  -2 stars if you are a vegetarian.
The spinach dip was good but the burger was quite dissapointing and they burned the onion rings they charged me more for.  Service was also very slow
This place has some of the best meat I have tasted in a while. Great service and selection! I will definitely be coming back quite often!
We love Mondays 5 filler burger specials!!
decent, but serioualy whose going to tell at 7 in the morning after a long night of work =]
Quick, clean, easy to use monorail system- our favorite way to get around Vegas. The monorail was very rarely crowded, and there was security at each stop so it felt safe. The multi day passes are definitely the better deal if you know you will use it!
Horrible customer service.  The staff has no idea what they are doing.  It takes them 1 1/2 hours to make and deliver a pizza.  Definitely would not recommend this place.
You get what you pay for... cheap show... crude humor probably aiming for nonsense comedy... funny in spurts.. over all WAY TOO LOUD! Skip if you can! Not worth a night in vegas sorry
Wanted to come here for years. I finally did, and the sushi was blegh. There just wasn't much flavor. Good service though!
Once again they are 45 minutes late. This place is ridiculous \n\nThey are also remarkably disorganized \n\nIf you have a choice AVOID DOC!!!!!!!
I usually only come here for the movie theater inside. It's close to the house and shows a pretty good range of shows. If there is ever a freebie, there are lines out the door. Other than that, ok place to go watch a movie.
robertos sucks
I am not usually fond of buffets. This is worth it - the atmosphere beautiful surrounded by live flowers and a light airy atmosphere. The food is all very good. I had the lunch selection which is a good value with brunch served. The cheese omelette was delicious at the station and the desserts yummy! Try it
I been living at sky for the past 4 months, I can say security is tight and friendly. Perfect because we live on the strip. I love the fact we have so many amenities like sauna,steam room,pool, jacuzzi,valet and my favorite the gym. have to say there always clean!!
Had to update my review. Second trip here was awful. Tina did not even ask us what we wanted. We did the combo plate that is normally $20 and it was cold and bad.\n\nService girl was very weird and made us uncomfortable by standing over us watching us eat.
This place has gone downhill, and now seems to have a borderline trashy clientele, and last time I went on a Saturday night it was half-empty. Just like our server's head.\n\nNice decor. Drinks are very good, but not the best.
This place was awesome! They offered great prices for our quick civil ceremony, the customer service was perfect especially DaNella Ketcham the manager and Minister Richard made it very special!
I came here yesterday with a friend and we LOVED it! The food was delicious, the service was fast & great, and the restaurant was nicely decorated & clean. We are from Florida and will definitely return to Butters before we leave!
Stayed here twice both times tv had major digital breakup(unwatchable) no casino attached which can be good or bad wifi sucks balls. Big balls.
Amazing as usual
Been going here for a few years.  Always great service and delicious, fresh food.  Like another reviewer said, you know it's a good sushi place when it's Japanese-owned.\nThe negative reviewers probably went on a (rare) bad day or are just big complainers in general.
Just had a super cut! Michele did a great job of explaining what steps she was taking and what the result would be. And it came out like she said. I had called ahead and my name was on the waiting list when I got there. I was in and out in 20 minutes. I will definitely be back.
Beautiful paintings. Must see for any age. Its a good location for window shopping.
Weird their hours say they open at noon on Saturday because at 215 today, they weren't open. I was on that side of town and wanted to grab some cupcakes, but they lost my business to the cupcakery.
This is what every restaurant aspires to be....perfect\nEverything is perfect each and every-time.\nI have been going for what? ten years maybe?\nTheir steaks are always cooked to what exactly you ask for.\nI LOVE THIS PLACE!
I think this is my favorite Cantonese joint in Vegas. I enjoyed all of their dishes. Our table of four ordered nine different items. (My eyes are bigger than my stomach). They have a vast selection of items so it might take you a long time to decide.
Top-notch food and service! Truly a Madison, WI  gem!!! :
This place gets only 1star as well because of the waitress was nice. One of the hostess as we walked in was rude and did not even smile. I commented for her to smile, the more she gave me this dagger look. We were excited about this new place but with what happened, it will be a while for the next visit.
always a good time, great service and atmosphere.  i send many of my clients here when they want to know where to relax with a glass of wine.  a class act every time.
We always get take out from here when we're craving Thai.  I usually opt for the Pad Thai, which is delightful.  The spring rolls are just okay.  \nIf you randomly crave Thai, like this girl does, this will hit the spot!
Huge portion sizes. Just very bland, season less gyro meat. I sadly wasn't impressed.  If you are basing this place on portion sizes, it is a 5. However, I prefer taste to size of my plate.  I will stick to Zs Greek for my gyro.
Thank you. Everything was wonderful. The earlier the smaller the crowds and the food is always amazing. I wish my friends would have allowed me to enjoy it all at a slower pace.
Moe's is meh. Bland Americanized Mexican food. Nothing special. Go to las velas or chipolte instead, both are in market square.
The food is ok nor more then that,and the coffee is good , but the SERVICE IS SO BAD that ill never repeat that mistake!\nAfter you talk with the manager here you understand why all the employees don't give a SH.. About your requests.\n Bad name for illy brand.
Resort fee now $18.  Puts the lie to the rates they sell to booking services.  Thoroughly unscrupulous -- shame on both companies.
Over priced, far away from everything, you have to connect through the internet on a wire through the wall.
the food was mediocre, service was not good. \n\ngo to the dhaba instead. you'll be happy.
Place closed with no notice. Two days after they sold me a gift card. Gave to a good friend for Christmas. Guess we are out of luck getting our money back.,,
This is an average pho place compared to the standards we have in Sacramento. Their broccoli and beef is the worst I've ever had. I've had the pho here on two occasions and was satisfied both times.
The Earl Schib of Brakes.  If your wallet needs to have the dollars rotated out of it, then go here!
My husband and I had food poisoning! A doctor friend tells me it was most certainly the sushi. Would give ZERO stars if I could. Automatic 15% tip to the bill even though we were only 3 people. Cash only ~ seriously?? If you want to pay $100 cash for food poisoning, go here.
This place is terrible. The teacher had NO idea what she was doing. I felt she was potentially harmful. Stay away from this loser studio!!!
Second time dining here.   Great food.   Great Service.  The place is clean and nice.  Our food was really good,  good portions.   When we got the check the waiter set a plate down with ice cold sweet watermelon.   We will be back!   We are looking forward to their Dim Sum!
Not for vegetarians. Had the mushroom burger, which is a giant mushroom cap on a bun. It was under cooked (cold) and soggy (weird) the taste badly over powered the topping and the bun. Will never go back.
What happened?!!! Used to be the best now I'm editing my 5 star to a 1. Lost all care, quality, and pure taste. Staff fails. Bartenders are subpar. It's just not an enjoyable experience anymore. It's like the owners threw in the towel.
It's not great... but it's not awful. A little overpriced for mediocre food. Love the spinach enchiladas. If you're in the area and there's nowhere else close by you want to travel for Mexican, it will do.
I have taken my iPhone5 here twice now (I clearly need a better case!).  They are fast, friendly, and do a great job.  Hopefully I won't need to come back again anytime soon, but I definitely recommend them!
When is a \"Long Island Iced Tea\" not a Long Island Iced Tea?  When this establishment neglects to include tequila, it is however offered al la carte. The receipt even lists it as a \"Long Island Iced Tea\".
The best service/wait staff in conjunction with an excellent menu selection, truly better than all competitors on Bell Rd.
I love the spumoni ice cream.  tiramisu is good too.\n\nordered also the \ntortellini soup---it's ok\n\ngoat cheese salad ---decent\n\nthe daily special salmon stuffed crab is really good.
Sushi is pretty good but prices are outrageous. I bought two drinks and two rolls for happy hour and two rolls after and the bill was over $60.
Coca Cafe is my favorite brunch at Pittsburgh!\nThe special menu for Sunday brunch is worthy to try.\nI will suggest my friends try savory meals, because it's really awesome!
Fun experience, but when you come with an organization that walks the field prior to the game they make you stand behind the stadium in a smelly ramp by the trash dumpsters in the sun, in Arizona for about 15 minutes. I've done this twice, once when it was 110 and once when it was 95. What are they thinking?
Apollo cleaners is the best dry cleaning company in Tempe.  They have outstanding customer service, competitive pricing, and great owners.  They make supporting a local business easy.  I would recommend them to anyone.
The food is amazing and on point! Great customer service and the servers are very attentive. For genuine and authentic Mediterranean and Italian food, I recommend this place for sure! It's a little tucked away in the plaza on azure and teneya but it's definitely worth the find! Awesome food!
Love this little gem of a place. The often changing menu specials are creative and always delicious. Great service and a cozy patio.
Uhh... Trails? What happened?  I remember trails being this kick ass rock store that carried posters, cool rock shirts and anything that basically kicked ass.  Sure they had their pipes inside a cabinet.. but it seems Trails is now 90% pipes and 10% anything else you could think of.
I normally love Dairy Queen but these last 2 time that I've gone there's been long hairs in are bananas split including today I'm not sure If we want to come back.
It's Taco Bell.  The crew here is fast and friendly, though....so that definitely would be the differentiation for anyone viewing this review.
This is second time I've been here and the fryer is broke so once again I can't get what I want not to mention that every time I come I have to fight for a table which makes it vary uncomfortable. I will not return until they either get a bigger place and they can seem to fix the fryer.
Grrrr\nHated it!\nI love this chain,but hate this location!
Bubble tea was below average. The bubbles were really plain and too soft. The smoothies are even worse, with the Mango being particularly bad. Your better off going across town to Jade Mountain or even close by to Tai's.
I have to completely agree with Justin about the quality of food from Number 1 Brothers; it was one of the worst pizza experiences I've had.. and I gave them two chances. The 'cheez' is nasty and it seems like all of the toppings are either canned or jarred. Avoid!
This food is amazing.  They have a great happy hour.  I haven't had a bad experience yet.
Their sandwich is very fresh and delicious ... Love it
Food is pretty good. Solid cheap Chinese take out.
I have my office cabinets installed by VIP Smart storage on August 2nd, 2013 and I'm very happy with the result. The cabinet is good quality,  stable and look good. The company have quality employees who are professional and provide excellent customer services.
all you need to know is...\n\n\n#iwannarock
OMG! Get the bread pudding!  Its AMAZING!!!!!  Also got the corned beef, wasn't the best I've ever had.  But the one man band is really good, reminiscent of Jack Johnson.  Our server Roxanne was really sweet too.
This was my first bikini wax ever and Vanessa was so nice and she kept me calm. It wasn't terrible at all...I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Good food, horrible service. Long wait times even though the place was only half full
Food is not great it's good to check out once but I won't go back
This has always been awesome place on my list of places to shop or have a sandwich went recently and had a fantastic lunch.
This is one of the worst buffet I ever went in Vegas for dinner...For $31 person with a very limit selection is bs!! I will NEVER come back to this buffet!!! Very very disappointed!!! It takes a lot to disappoint me at a buffet!!!
I also had high hopes. In fact I drove from wintersville for good sushi. Instead I got low end sushi for a high end price. The service was 5 stars so feel bad giving two. The. Food was one star. So 5 stars minus two stars equals really bad sushi.
the food has lost quality...way over priced...smaller crowds\nreflect the growing trend of lost business...small menue...no fowl..\nthis was my last visit
Alright fuck it...it's delicious.
Love the coffee and the food menu!!!  I love this place and the atmosphere!  My only complaint would be that the tables are ALWAYS full with people doing some type of work.  I just think there should be an area that is for short term customers!
Gotta have my sweet pork salad! So yummy!
I love this place! It has a charming atmosphere and the staff is really friendly. We ordered the plantation chicken sandwich that was season to perfection and was just the right amount of food to fill us up. We will definitely be back!
Drive through is a plus especially at 550 in the morning. \n\nStaff seems tired and not unfriendly, just not welcoming like other places. Overall a clean store though. But ya... Nothing too special here.
I really enjoy this place for a Sunday breakfast. We usually go for the omelettes, but enjoy the pancakes and the banana bread is to die for. We started splitting an omelette lately, because they are huge.
Love this place! My wife and I come here every year for our anniversary. Everything from the food the staff, the scenery even the amenities are top notch. Highly recommended!
We have a great time on Fridays and Saturday night! Fun karaoke with the Karaoke Kings, good drinks! Nice outdoor patio. Excellent for bikers, locals,passers-by, Cowboys and whomever just wants to have fun. Pool tables, video,shuffleboard,etc.
Great place, good food, sometime its slow service
Love this place! Get corn quesadillas!
Disgusting! Lol never go here. nothing is fresh went here for lunch today &i must say nastiest buffet ive ever been to in my life. Dont waste your money\n\n\nGood service but really bad food.
It not that good, big disappointment!! I will never go back there again. The service is not bad just the food is not good.
Closed, soon to be replaced by \"Teriyaki Time\".  We shall see.
The first two times I went here the food was amazing!  However, I went back and while the service was great--Paris is awesome--the food was just ok!  I'm going to give it one more chance because Paris is an awesome bartender!  The owner, George, is a Hoot!
very expensive mediocre food.  I was very disappointed.
Wanted to ghost hunt but was too drunk and had a blast with naked chicks in the pool. Walls are paper thin...
Good food and flavor.  Cold greeting at hostess desk.  Service good.  I would go back.
Maggiano's is a good place! The service is great. The food is appetizing. My boyfriend and I enjoy sitting in the outside area with the strip view.  We always have a few cocktails and share some good food.... and people watch! Great place to spend an afternoon!
Beer selection is unprecedented in Pittsburgh, great draft list with about 50-60 beers, a lot of great microbrews.  Food is so-so at best.
This place is terrible.  The help is rude.  I have been here three times and walked out the last time after the bartender stood around and talked to his buddies instead of serving my date and I.  I know it is new, maybe it will get better.
Service very slow!! I understand its crowded i wish waiters could have been more attentive. Once food came it was good.\n\nService a bit slow and biscuit/gravy cold..i understand its busy but waiter could have been more attentive.
I have never had sliders and matzo ball soup as tasty as Chompie's. Their normal sized portions are huge, they dish out a lot of meat, and I love the NY theme inside. It isn't mind blowing enough for me to become a regular however I'm glad my cousins took me to this place
My favorite breakfast place in all of Las Vegas. The staff is amazingly friendly and efficient and the food is off the hook!  Try their omlette-crepe combos for a treat you can't get anywhere else.  So fun.
Update
On my boyfriends 23rd birthday we had a party of 6 arrive here. Very attentive service, owner extremely nice and the chefs very fun. Would definitely recommend Alex! And recommend sharing a meal. It is a $7 up charge but beats paying another $20+ a plate.
Good food, but a bit pricey. I enjoyed the pho and the fried rolls, which were done just right.
Pro's:\nFriendly staff, well maintained beds and great location!\n\nCon's:\nEvery single door in the salon seems to be broken along with the door lock.
Great new brewery. Gotta check it out!
Thea place is 30/70 at best hit or miss mostly miss lately.  My gel manicure didn't even last a week. I can't go back any\nMore . I don't have time to get my nails none every week ...
Solid place to grab a martini and listen to some sub-par live music. Far from amazing but hey not everywhere is going to be right?
I was going to mark this as a place to try until I read the rude responses by this owner to negative reviews!  I'll pass on this place. Sounds like food is primarily bland & don't complain about it! they throw you out?
Loving the euro fries & bahn mi dog!
The Desert Botanical Garden is beautiful, therefore, the location and ambiance of Gertrude's is wonderful.  I went there for dinner and wouldn't hurry back.  The service was slow and the food was only ok.
High end shopping mall. Bought a pair of Skechers at the Skechers store for my aching feet.
The food was ok, the prices was too high and very few selection dinner choices. Will not return, because of false statement made of another restaurant, very unprofessional
I always like the meatloaf, mashed potatoes and green beans.  This Bob Evans was like the others.  Average chain service.  Good when needing something familiar :-)
Food was fair but service was horrible!  Took an hour to get 2 gluten free pizzas and 2 pastas.  Not busy at all yet the waiter never came to our table either before or after food came.  When mentioned to him upon receiving the bill his reply was \"yeah - it happens!\"
Good sauerkraut, and beef bratwurst. The sauerkraut chocolate cake was fresh and delicious!
OH MY GOSH we had an amazing time. This place was so cool. I wish I were getting married so I could have my wedding her. I am so planning a girls night to Adult Education.
Was there on a Saturday night with a group of friends. Service was extremely slow and our waiter kept getting our order wrong..it shouldn't take 30 min to get a drink...\nDrinks are good though, but I don't think I would go back
Their brunch buffet will set  you back a few thousand calories. Lots of eggy, hot things.. Pastries, good coffee...but a pretty penny. Oh.. and ready self for the queues.
An Rizona institution and the best damned steak I have ever had.  Cooked to perfection with a good salad, beans and bread - the essentials.   Casual atmosphere and very western kitsch but by far the best view of the city.   This is scheduled to close due to development which is sad; this has been here since 1954.
Dont eat here its nasty and they recycle their food.. The only good thing about this restaurant is its damn cheap hhahaha if you are cheap and want cheap quality of food then you eat here you cheap ass hahahah
To see a moving and touching story, I'd recommend Phantom, but to see a beautiful creative gorgeous breath-taking mind-blowing production - sets, costumes, lighting, props - I'd highly recommend The Lion King!!
Definitely not authentic Indian food...felt like fast food Indian food at best.  Service and atmosphere were just ok.
They have the best mixture of asian fusion food! You can't go wrong with anything that you try! Love this place!!!
Nice place to have lunch. Pretty decent price for what they have to offer. It gets busy during lunch so be prepared to wait.  The servers were nice and friendly. Haven't had any issues w/ them yet.
It kind of sucked really. Bartenders took forever, would forget what you ordered, didn't seem to really even want to serve anyone at all. The place was nice, but the service sucked.
They have a great breakfast menu and lunch menu that is served all day! I love the Door County Granola which consists of great big chunks of granola in creamy vanilla yogurt accompanied with Door county dried cheeries..mmm! Quietly located on Regent Street. Great atmosphere to eat, drink coffee and read the newspaper.
Great place! Very friendly staff and very reasonable prices on the drinks. It's a bit out of my way, but I know where I'm going next time I go to the Chaparral Dog Park!
I had the Spicy combination rice and was more than satisfied. The employees are extremely friendly, the portion of food was great for the price, and the lemonade was good as well.
Stopped by for a Chipotle fix this evening..awesome service. I waited 2-3 minutes for fresh steak and they threw in a free cup of soda for the wait. Clean, friendly and quick. This is exactly how a franchise should be run.
The prices are a little high and the food is ok. I have had better pizza. The wings where also ok. The people where nice both times we have eaten there.
Decent pizza.. Nothing particularly special that'll make you want to come back. We ordered two large pizzas and had to wait 45min which may be fine if the pizza was awesome but it was just okay. Save yourself some time & just order what's already pre-made.
Yucca is one of the best places to see local bands - no cover, cheap drinks and cool atmosphere. It gets a little crowded, but it only enhances a live performance experience if the band is good.
Not a bad dive bar.  Being able to see the ice surface is unique for this part of the world (not back home) but not being able to get to the area directly is a travesty.
Server took forever for popcorn and soda. Manager talked to her 3 times while I waited in line. \nBut over all I love this theatre it's clean and staff is very friendly.
Fries are amazing. But WTF is up with the 6 inch wide tables? I get it's a sports bar/book, but if you're going to be serving full dinners with multiple courses you need to provide the real estate to serve it on!
Everything tastes the same and is totally flavorless. We tried three different times and came out with the same thought. Will not be going back.
This place really has gone down hill!!! 2 yrs ago they had it right, however my last 3 visits have been a complete fail!!!   Orders completely wrong and the fries were the worst I had in many years
Great cigar shop.  Great selection with a large walk in humidor and average prices.  Get the card, buy 10 cigars and get 10 bucks, so every cigar you buy is actually a dollar off.  Better selection than any shop in my home town in northern california.  The people are real friendly too.
Worst service!! Assistant manager Trish doesn't know what customer service is about. I have worked in retail for 10 years and aware on how customers should be treated. Will never go back to this location ever again!
Not an extraordinary store to purchase pet accessories, but it's close proximity to PetCo will make sure you get what you're looking for.
When they tell you it will be 15 minutes, expect to be waiting 25. They screw up on a regular basis, but give customers money off of the haircut. Not very friendly, yet talk about the dumbest stuff with each other. Go someplace else if you can.
This airline rocks! Theyre always organized, on time, and friendly! What more can I say...wish they all could be like aslaska:-)
Very happy with Affordable Laser's services and the staff! The location is very easy to find and the staff is very professional.
Take a downtown hotel. Move it to the South end of the strip. Fill with Hooters waitress rejects from six states. Offer $3 blackjack. Invite douchebags. Profit.
Ok, I have been here personally...  If you're meeting someone for drinks it's okay.  Almost always crowded with pretentious people, the dance floor is tiny, the food is average and everything is expensive...
condition is wonderful through the music does not match so well.\nI will try some spicy food next time
Great \"local\" bar..pool table, plenty of places for friends to sit, eat, and drink. \n\nOpen till cows come home!
Excellent pizza, particularly the fennel sausage.  Items other than pizza do less well, but highly recommend the pizza
maple. fudge.\n\nare. you. fucking. kidding. me.\n\nsweet jesus on a biscuit.
Saigon Noodle has the best pho in Madison, hands down, especially when you talk about value to amount of tasty food. It is usually packed on the weekends but the service is quick and the food is worth the wait. If you don't need the wait, come on a weekday or Sunday night.
This place could be really really good. Simple things like changing the fryer oil so not everything comes out dark brown and tasting funny. Unfortunately it looks like this place may have already jumped the shark though I would go back if you could get a retardant impossible type makeover.
Horrible customer service. The employees seem to be lost when you ask them a question.  They stand around and chat with each other about  personal things and give no respect to the costumer.  I had a very uncomfortable experience at this store and others.  good luck best bye
The Lion King was so entertaining! I was lucky enough to sit so close.. row E! :) \n\nThe hair, make up, costumes, music, dancing, singing, etc all phenomenal! :) If it wasn't so expensive I wish I could watch it again and again and again!
They get beans and tortillas right, and that's my benchmark for good Mexican fare. From there, we move to the carne asada tacos, which are excellent. Can't go wrong here.
It's the Olive Garden. Same as any other. And that's the point.
My hair was badly in need of a new dye job.  Lawrence was very attentive and did a fantastic job and gave me a great hair cut!  Price was very reasonable as well.
After a long, late night at Jazz Festival, this small diner was exactly what the doctor ordered.  Eggs Benedict with sausage, and a side of Poutine.  Excellent day after food!  :) The cappucino was fantastic as well.
I have been going to this place since it opened in 2001, For a chain the food is excellent. The service is always exceptiona,.especially if you get Margarita as your server. My out of town guests always request a return visit.
Best in Phoenix, no doubt! Family friendly to the maximum and the food is incredible. A little pricey, but we are talking great service with friendly staff. Relaxing environment with amazing selection. Did not see a gluten free bun for that special request, but all in, excellent!
Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the cocktails flat out suck.\n\nFood was pretty good, albeit small portions. We had room for dessert and we were not disappointed.\n\nService was friendly.
good burgers. amazing malts!
One stop home brew shopping for the Tempe/East Valley area.  These guys have been in the business for over 20 years and can answer any questions you might have.  A great selection of equipment, as well as plenty of recipes and ingredients on hand, make this the only place you need to go for your home brewing needs.
I really enjoy stopping by this Chick-Fil-A on my way home from the University area.  Service is always quick and pleasant and I can get in and out quickly!
Customer service is not practiced at this location. We frequently grab a cool treat at night and so far have yet to encounter a friendly, helpful or polite staff member. It really is a shame to taint the ice cream which happens to always be delicious!
This restaurant is very nice on the inside but the Mexican food is definitely not the best I've had.  I don't think I would call this place bad, but there is nothing special or desirable about it.  I would avoid weekends because it gets busy and the food is not as good.
Poorly managed. Went in to get a sandwich at 12:25 pm on a Saturday and they had no bread! Maybe they should change their name. Not our first bad experience here. Won't be coming back.
Used to be good now not so much overpriced probably won't be coming back anytime soon
Lovely restaurant with great ambience and romantic interior. Excellent service from the servers. They have a table in front of the kitchen where a chef makes finishing touches to the food before it goes out to the customers. Their beer is awesome. Tuna salad is delicious. I will definitely go back.
Nice foods & beer. Affordable price.\nFYI, I had a chicken curry, a lamb curry & butter nan.\nBut servers were too busy to handle all of customer's need. They were all kind though.
OK service, and \nHalf-priced Mondays are real treats\ntoo bad music loud
My favorite Indian restaurant! Food is fantastic! Decant price! If you are gonna do dinner the portions are bigger then most Indian restaurants so great for big parties. I prefer the lunch experience with the nice verity of dishes!
I can't even. So amazing. The best glazed donuts of all time.
So well done--gorgeous spot isolated on a close, yet steps from St. Giles. The food was outstanding and the drinks list extensive. I echo comments on slow table service and there is a bit of hipster attitude in the place. But for a mid-afternoon snack it really hit the spot, with very cool ambience.
This place is the real deal...Had panak paneer and lamb curry with naan and it was excellent. Would highly recommend and I will definitely be back in the future.
I've been going to El Mar for years.  They have a great selection and a helpful staff.  I recommend them to anyone looking for classes, gear, repair .. Thanks guys.
I've been here twice for the lunch buffet and have been impressed with the selection and the freshness of the food.  Everything I tried was wonderfully flavored and the prices are quite reasonable too.
This is a beautiful hotel and well worth visiting!.  I've never stayed here but one who likes to see the insides of the Vegas hotels, this is one not to miss!  It's just done with class and worth walking around.  Make sure to see the fountain show!!
Update: This Winchells that I reviewed  on N. Decatur  has now closed and is now Dulce Donuts.    I hope to go over to Dulce Donuts soon and try them.  (the two stars are for the Winchells that was here. I just wanted to update so everyone knows that it is now closed)
The Kalbi burger. YUM. Good sized portion. Kim chee goes well with it.\nGet here a bit early because the place does get a line. Definitely not on the strip but it is worth the drive though.
Banfield is way overpriced and after finding a much better vet (honest, more knowledgeable, not focused on money) I realized how crappy this place really is. Would NOT recommend. I have yet to know someone that has had a positive experience with any Banfield, but this is the location I have personally used.
I have gone on the Wind Cave Trail in Usery Mountain (Mesa AZ) numerous times.  I have taken my wife, and mother, with me.  I have had no problems finding parking, and the trail is very good.  It is worth the drive East from the main Phoenix area.
I have been here twice and I have been impressed both times.  The beef wellington is worth it and for appetizer try the pork belly. If you're in vegas this is a must do at least once.
A very good mocha with the right balance of chocolate and coffee and not frothed too much giving it a good amount of depth.
I was at a wedding here and it was very nice.
Finally there is a diner in the area! The food is great and a break from the typical options in the area. Spending years in Clemson, SC where there are good diners everywhere has made me miss places like this.
Like K.B. said, its pretty standard mexican food.  I thought the salsa before the meal was too watery.  I had the fish tacos.  The fish was fried.  This place is ok if your in the area and hungry.  You won't be thrilled or disappointed.
This place has always been one of my favorites. Atmosphere is awesome here and great bar food. Bring back the old chicken fingers!!
6 of us ate here and thoroughly enjoyed Melque's advice on what to order. The food was amazing. What we weren't expecting was also her entertainment! She sang so richly while we ate. What a treat! I highly recommend eating here! Delicious! We will return!
10-15min wait, friendly, great nail service though. Yes I will be back when I return. Thanks for the foot spa referral Jimmy!
Awesome service, Awesome Food...Lot of food for the money...
Had a great hair experience with Erica!  Recently moved here and she is amazing at color and cut. She took her time to make sure I was happy with my color and cut, Received so many compliments, the salon is darling and staff was super friendly, I highly recommend this place no doubt!
I'm only giving one star because I have to. The pizza tookover an hour to get to our house and it was supposed to be delivered in 30 minutes. Also nobody answered the phones it just kept ringing. Worst service ever
Food can be good hit or miss sometimes business speaks for itself not a bad review just not a good one
At first I thought another fast food restaurant... but its not. Its awesome. The burgers are fantastic, and I don't usually eat burgers. The custard is amazing.  The decor inside is adorable.  Yay!
Go early in the morning to avoid the after work crowd but there are hotties everywhere!
Good service and a good selection of games. But there were way more kids at this one than at others I have visited in the past.
Great service. Arrive on time. Has free candy for passengers!! Friendly drivers and clean cars! Recommend for everyone !
Did he close? I moved away from Vegas a few years ago so I haven't seen him in 3 years. I'm now calling to try and get my records but can't find a number that works.
Always really really good food and all the staff and management are amazing.  \nLove the atmosphere also.\nReally BIG menu and everything is great!!
This place is a favorite among my friends and I especially because of the wonderful location. My favorite drink is their bottled Mexican Coke, I get it wherever I can! My favorite pizza there is there Margherita pizza, simply beautiful and delicious. Their ingredients are fresh and their crust is to die for. I only wish they were open later!
Terrible. Sub par food. Sub par service. The only reason this place is still open because of the captive audience. Seriously, walk across the street to Gallagers. No. I don't work at Gallagers. This place suuuuuuuuucks.
Very good food. Beautiful chicken wings. Even my salad was really tasty. Had to go salad to keep my figure you know. Christina the bartender was super friendly and took excellent care of us.
I attended in Atlanta, paid dearly for a ticket and was extremely disappointed. They barely gave away $5000 in prizes. I've waited a long time to be a part of this wonderful show and got the shock of my life. It was the worst ever!!!!
Well the food was OK at best.  Middle of the road BBQ is giving it to much credit.  I'm not a famous Dave fan but its better. Man I miss Missouri.
This gym rocks. The owner and staff are extremely friendly. Never have to wait to use anything. Its clean and well maintained.
The food here was very good.  They also have an excellent tequila menu.\n\nThe service was a little grumpy but I found that in almost all of the restaurants in Scottsdale, must be a Scottsdale thing.
I've been back two more times this week. Three times in one week to a single place is a new record for me. I have had a chance to try the koobideah and the beef shawarma. Both were very good, but to me nothing compares to their chicken shawarma. I'll keep sampling though.
Live this place!!! My favorite thing to have here is blackened Puerto rican mahi, it's so tasty...I'm only allowed to eat fish once a week but if I could I would eat here everyday.
This store is an expensive food city!
Love this place! Friendly staff , highly skilled people. Great location ! Whenever I have question about my hair I always get great answers! I only go to SuperCuts when I'm in the states. Other hair places always made a mistake on my hair but no not this one ever! Keep it cool !!
Food not genuine but is reasonably good. White rice was old hard and crusty. \nI will have to find better Chinese and I will.
Some of the best sweets in town!  We stopped in for Small Business Saturday and enjoyed the pumpkin bread, lemon cupcakes, peanut butter cupcakes and pumpkin cupcakes...all were moist and so  delicious!  This place could become a bad habit!
First time I stopped at Pop's, I was hooked on their sandwiches. Best place for a late night or early morning craving. Little pricey, but for the taste and variety, you can't beat this place!
Bought chicken millines sandwich. Returned sandwich. Will not purchase or refund in the future.
Staff ok, nothing special. Burgers ok, for the price and taste.  In and out beats five guys for price, taste and customer service. CAUTION- if you get fries and burger to go.. Grease went thru the paper bag and onto my car seat
The staff is always helpful and you can't beat the prices and selection. The location doesn't hurt either.
I went in for a late lunch one day and the food seemed like it had been sitting around for a while and looked picked thru.  Other then that everything was just okay.  It will not WOW! you or make you want to go there a couple times a week.  This place is minimal at best.
Snack bar has one person and it really slow sucks so she collect some money hemiplegia the food that's gross
My husband and I had our anniversary dinner here last weekend, the food & views were amazing. \n\nAs locals we've each been at this resort on multiple occasions over the years for a prom, weddings, brunches, staycations with friends, and we've always enjoyed coming to this resort.
Great breakfast A+ service
Shanghai Angus Steak ROCK!
Been there a couple times since it got converted over from Tangerine.  It looks the same layout to me.  Decent balcony, but that's about it.  Pass.
Gross gross gross says it all
I ate here back in December.  I love the pizza and salads here.  Absolutely delicious!!!  Try the one in Brooklyn, NY.
Went there for lunch. Excellent service, food is ok, I ordered black pepper beef and it was too salty... And had to pay for tea...$3.50.... Overall, it's good for a quick lunch.
Great place; fantastic patio and the prices seem fair.  Sitting out front is also pleasant in the sunshine as the back patio is almost all shade.  So many tourist traps around this area, we found this one listed in Frommer's and were not disappointed.
Two stars.  Go to your local taco truck instead.
Lots of good looking dishes and a very kind staff but was very disappointed when I actually got my food. Once I got my food it became painfully obvious that they use canned vegetable in their dishes. I will not be eating here again.
definitely overpriced, but if you buy the package deal it's not as bad. way fun if you're under the influence and have a big group.
RONALD IS THE SHIZZNIT. \nEnd of story.\nI get a dozen every time I go to Vegas and then feel super fat.\nThanks for making my dreams come true.
Very cool place.  We only had coffee, since it was a little late and I didn't feel like having a muffin.  The coffee was very good, the vibe of the place is very hip without being stuffy.  I liked it a lot.
Comparing to diddy riese cookies in los Angeles... nothing special imo. The cookies.... don't taste like anything special... the ice cream too. Its a fun dessert area though.
Large portions of made to order unique breakfast items.   The wait can be a headache and the decor is old which is the reason I gave it four stars instead of five.
We stayed here and the hotel is very pretty vey nice the ambience!\nWhat I also and like walking right though to the Bally Hotel because they are connected through walk way!
Incompetent office management, never saw doctor: office called at 6am one week before my appointment in order to change my appointment. When I arrived 5 minutes late, they refused to see me and I refuse to return. Health care is bad but this was a new low. Absurd.
Really best Italian, I'll say above average. \nReally get fooled by yelp. \nSorry I was really looking foward to good pasta.
Neat store!  I am a window shopper at this point.  They had a huge selection of styles and prices for sofas, beds, and tables.  Definitely worth a look.
I seriously love this place. The food, atmosphere, and grocery goodies are among the best in the Phoenix area. It just bums me out that there never is parking!!! It makes it so difficult to land at this place. Oh well, I suppose that it is part of the appeal of LGO ;)
Another must see! It's free, just gorgeous, so unique, & my whole family ages 6 to 70 enjoyed it!\n\nThanks again Bellagio for the free display!
Pros- tasty\n\nCons- location, overpriced, noisy.
Sushi was fresh. Food was good. Service was lackadaisical. Menu wasn't inspiring.  My companions all had the hibachi combos - I'm sure it tasted fine with all that butter, but they all left some food on their plates.
Good ice cream.\n\nI recommend the coffee and the mint.\n\nThe birthday cake remix is sickeningly sweet.
Over priced mediocre food. Lousy service and terrible location. Just order Pizza Hut your stomach will thank you!!
What a money pit! Food was terrible and not labeled!
I think the security staff thinks they are in Goodfella's.  I would only stay here if you want to get treated like shit.
It's your typical brunch chain restaurant .. Like eggspectations .. If you're prepared for that then you're good .. But if you're expecting more then you'll be disappointed ..
We went here this morning for breakfast and it is awesome. My husband loves corn beef hash and he says that's it's the best he has ever had! The staff was very friendly and she even called for us to book a massage! I recommend this place to everyone I know. Thanks
LOVE love love it here. It's a lil rustic country inside with benches and chalkboard walls. The pizzas are fresh so it takes just a little bit, but it's worth the wait. \nThe garlic knots are a must!
Cold food terrible service!  Not busy so no excuse, waiter didn't come back to table and finally had to ask another to cash us out.  Chili was cold, hamburger and fries were cold, no ketchup.
About the worst customer service I have ever had.  I don't know Toby Keith personally but I can't imagine he would want his name associated with the kind of service I received.
This was our first time here at Joe's Crab Shack!! Def worth it!! The staff is extremely nice and helpful and the food was great!! Not to mention my tiki Mai tai. :) we will be returning to a joes in the future!
Small and inviting. Good Iced Toddy. Parking can be scarce. More spots out back.
Top Quality Sushi! Top Quality service!  All you can eat for 25 dollars that includes sushi, hot apps, chicken, beef, noodles and even dessert!  Great place. Enjoy!
Hands down the best dogs I have ever had! Lots of awesome fusion flavors to choose from. Definitely a must go to joint to satisfy your taste buds!
Worst security at any venue I have ever experienced and way overpriced drinks. $9 for a double? Fuck that noise. Security goes through literally all of your stuff at the door, I've been through airports with hassle.
Fridays is Fridays.  We had to wait a bit on a Saturday night, but service was very good and fast.  I don't know what people expect of the food.  It's a chain restaurant, not gourmet.  I was just excited that my side salad wasn't all iceberg - bonus!
Don't get the Miko roll if you prefer light and refreshing flavors. Otherwise, they have the typical Japanese items here just like anywhere else.
Food is great with a ton of selections!! They also have opened back up the dog friendly outdoor section. They had to section off from the rest of the area and they did a great job.
Always busy and worth the wait-though we usually sneak up to the counter and eat with Shantel. Order the Fiesta Skillet!  And, the best part, you can get 1/2 orders on all the skillets!  They are huge!
I was visiting from Los Angeles and wanted some authentic mexican food and did not find it here. the food was bland, flavorless. Never again. Ugh messed up my night .
The owner reached out to me regarded the issue I had and was very apologetic and nice. He said they were switching to-go containers because of ongoing issues with them. I'll def return based on the fact that they cared enough to reach out.
Open 24 hours. Good food and very nice late night service.
Fantastic food!  Loved the pho and fried rice.  Ordered spring rolls that never came, even after a gentle reminder.  But we were so satisfied with the entrees, we weren't left hungry by any means.  We will be back for sure
The DJ sucked, the main reason I went was because they had an open bar and it was located at the hotel I was staying it (The Aria). The bouncers were very rude and the bartender wasn't pleasant either. Overall it was stuffy and out-dated I would NOT go back.
good foods but the service is very slow.  They basically forget to take your order unless you call for their attention or else you'll never get your order.
We love this place!!! Amazing food for moms and kids!
This place just closed! \n\nUnreal. Always had a decent crowd. Looks like they up and left as all the tables and chairs and equipment and everything are still inside
I like Sprouts. They've got a great selection, and always have good produce. The only bad thing about this place is that I feel extra guilty when I forget my reusable shopping bags...so bring your reusables.
This conservative POS rag makes faux news look like NPR. You got Scaife, himself pumping ten million a year from his own pocket to keep the paper up and running. No one reads it, the Post Gazette is the REAL newspaper in this city.
This is a fantastic museum.  There is so much to see and so much to learn.  The displays were informative.  It was hard not to spend the time reading every single one of them.\n\nDefinitely a must-see museum on the history of the mob.  It was very nicely done.
Great pizza; love their crust and the ingredients are really fresh. The Margherita with arugula tomatoes and shaved Romano is perfect for a light meal with a beer or glass of wine. Ask for it to be made with sauce. Super friendly servers!
We walked here from the last monorail stop in 112 degree heat because I thought it was going to be that good, it wasn't.
Great bargain for 3 days, came with helmets and lock.  Call the number first, two locations and one doesnt have a storefront yet.  The owner is very helpful and friendly, wanted me to have a great experience.  I will be a return customer!
To be completely honest I didn't care for Haven as much.  The burger itself tasted like a burger that you barbecue on your grille.  The food took a while to get to us.
The food is average and the service is TERRIBLE! The manager does nothing to rectify the situation.
This was an awesome experience, I've never been to any place like this, and have never been so exposed to the German culture. Tons of fun, food was good, beer can get expensive because its $15 to buy a liter... But it's very good beer and well worth it.
it was good food but the pics are not exactly what is expected the fried rise looks nothing like the one they present on the pics
Excellent staff great follow up. The product is timeless quality. Bring a little Bing in your life and expect great service.
We waited for over 20 minutes. No customer service. Rude staff. Left before we even got to try the place.
Best beef jerky in the valley and the people are exceptionally nice!  Super glad I finally found a place here!  :)
Closed....WTF....NOOOOOOooooooooo. What more do we suffer? Circuit City is going out of business....the Great Indoors.....WHAT MORE?!
Terrific food, margaritas and guacamole. Best happy hour for a group. Mena's only stop in Scottsdale. Try the late night deals when you are stumbling around Old Town and hungry. Go!
I highly recommend getting a haircut with Mary.
Like most high end restaurants on the strip, Emeril's is prefectly good, but overpriced.  The food is good, the service is good, the energy is good, the ambiance is good.  The banana cream pie, however, is really good.
Great food, had several different kinds of tacos and grilled Mexican corn.  All was delicious but it was super hot in that tiny place, very uncomfortable.
Location is good, but that's about it. The selection is quite poor and the service is slow. I much prefer Tokyo Sushi for price, food and service.
The food  was great  too bad the service was terrible.  I would go back but would make sure I did not get the same server.  It would have earned them a 4 star.  It was not just that the kitchen was backed up, she was not even friendly or checked on us.
One of the best Mexican food I have had in Vegas. Love their burritos and enchiladas. I recommend them for sure. You won't be disappointed at all.
Awesome food. Excellent service. The staff Is extremely efficient. Since we have found this place we go at least once a week!
Since I can't leave less than one star tin tin gets one. The food here is truly disgusting, cold, slimy, and flavorless. Avoid this place at all costs.
Went here once long time ago, I did not know the place was exclusively vegetarian, but the food tasted really good.\n\nThere was barely any service, and most of the restaurant's business consists of takeouts and deliveries. I would suggest takeouts instead of eating there.
An absolutely delicious brunch with honest food and eager to please staff. Youll definitely see me again.
This place has a good bit of something for everyone. It is a chain restaurant so there isn't necessarily that local touch but the place was inviting and clean. Out waitress was on point and was very attentive. Definitely gonna be coming here often :)
This place has a cool vibe. Unfortunately, all of the bouldering problems are set by gnomes and Lilliputians, which incidentally caters to what seemed to be their primary clientele: a raucous horde of screaming eight year olds.
It was good. Loved the decor, menu had something on there for everyone. Wasn't knock your socks off amazing, but good enough that I'll be back.
Wow what a nice find in FH. The Sangria and afternoon Tapas plate for $12 was wonderful. Visiting from Chicago and highly recommend - will be back on our next trip.
not bad....
Slowest taco bell I've ever been to.
It's Pho. Nothing special but I really wished the chefs don't spit when they're in the kitchen.
Good food, very good actually- the oysters tasted like they were fresh and I usually eat them fresh off a boat.  The staff was a little odd with the check in, and I could do without the band, but the food was excellent.
I love the atmosphere in this place. Very fun but service has gone down lately.
Draft selections are good...service is lousy...food is sub par. Not in a hurry to return.
Go elsewhere.  \n\nService is mediocre, at best. \n\nFood is bland. \n\nFirefly down the street is much better.
Another great visit!!!! Thank you guys:) youre the best!!! Love my eyebrows!!!! Highly recommend you to everyone i know:)
No matter what negative feedback i leave here Apple will still be a money making machine like McDonalds. They can treat customers however they want and you will still buy their products. So instead of wasting my time explaining my personal negative incident i invite you to go to this Apple store and have your OWN negative experience.
Marginal food.  Tables are too close together.  Be prepared to listen to others conversation if you are not fortunate enough to get a booth. Very good service.
Tried the Diplo- a saison I'd love to drink all day! It really was perfect. Shots on the house for my date and I - *thank you* to the excellent atmosphere and such nice attention :)
Does anyone remember when the Illini Union used to have a real cafeteria in the basement where the food court now is? They served some of the best comfort food available.  This was 20 years ago!
After going to LuLu's tacos I feel I was premature with 5 stars here.
Awful service, waited forever to be offered  a drink. When the the drinks finally came they were wrong.  Food was ok, however overpriced. Ambiance  is cavernous and confusing. Too many restaurants in Scottsdale with better service.
It use to be a cool place, It's gone down hill just a little, It's slow to get a cocktail, And really smokey at the bar because the doors to the outside are not closed so the smoke outside rolls in. \n\n\" we are our of here\"
Not the same since it was sold years back. They changed the sauce and the gyros shrunk. Go to Mike & Tony's downtown for the best gyros.
Got this as a delivery while I was staying at the Sheraton in Madison.  I got a calzone and it basically sucked a$$.  My partner liked her pizza.  The salad was totally lame.  Lettuce, and a slice of cucumber.  Ive had much better.
Juice bar does not wash the produce. I asked why and they said since its organic we don't wash it.. Be careful or insist that they wash the produce.. This is a health hazard and extremely dangerous for the elderly and children.
I had the best lunch ever! Their salads are amazing! \n\nWe sat at the bar, so the service was extremely fast! Good prices too!
A great place to get a hearty recovery breakfast.  Friendly staff. Flipping the egg at the end of the table for service is great, no  need to flag down your server.
we had our valentines dinner here at Indian paradise, were so excited that there's Indian restaurant here in Scottsdale since we just recently moved from San Francisco. I only gave 2 stars because the food are way to expensive for what you get and thee food isn't that great either. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant at dinner time.
Watered down marguerites. I think they put sprite in their house drinks which is sad.  The food was bland and needed salt. The service was very slow and the waitress was not attentive. We ordered guacamole with our chips and got it 40 mins later after asking twice for it.
i was here for a lunch meeting.  I had tacos, chips and salsa.  I thought they were very flavorful and good.  Carne Asada was my favorite.  The Gucamole dip was very good.  When traveling to Scottsdale i will hit this place again.
We went to Jim Gould on a recent weekend evening.   The restaurant is located in a large, airy, well-lit room.  The menu includes something for everyone. The wine list includes a number of by-the-glass choices.  We enjoyed the shrimp cocktail and the filet mignon offerings.  Service was efficient.
Love the family staff. They guided me to a very good selection. Very authentic Mexican.
There's almost always a line out the door at this post office.  It is what it is.  Only go here if you absolutely have to.  Otherwise try the Automated Postal Center at Albertson's.... you can get most things done without waiting for slow humans.
Serving pho without bean sprout? What the...
my favorite nail place!!! I go every two weeks and all the gals are amazing!! super consistent, a million colors to choose from, and the nicest people! definitely recommend making an appointment otherwise you'll be waiting a little. Elaine is so good about squeezing people in but they stay pretty busy.
There is nothing positive at all. Unkind staffs and damp popcorn. the worst popcorn that I've tasted.
Fantastic!  4000 Square Feet of Art!  Last week I visited this new location for the third time.  The house on East Blvd. was great.  This new location is Fantastic!  Jewelry, Furniture, Heavy Gauge Wire Sculpture, Pottery and all kinds of gift ideas.  Staff is always friendly and helpful!
I enjoyed the frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity. Corned beef hash and mushroom omelets were tasty. Make sure you arrive early and get your name on the wait list. Then have a Bloody Mary while while waiting.
I had a quattro pizza and a quarter of it -the quarter with salami-was good. The rest was pretty average-not horrible but not great either.  A bit pricey for the quality...
Amazing..this place just rocks...
I don't know why I keep going back to this place.  While talking to my wife about trying to find a home for a pit bull puppy, the manager told her to just have it put to sleep.  Nice customer service.  What a jerk.
Its expensive and not the best tasting either. There are much better options in the surrounding neighborhoods.
Fun bar with good music. Prices are more here then most of freemont but not too bad. I like the 2 stories and that u can be outside but not when its 115 outside. Staff isnt the most engaging or the friendliest but hey, its freemont
Very good food however Mongolia beef really spicy.  They have a drive threw located off of craig.
great service.. not the best i've ever had.. a bit pricey.. it was 150.00 per person for a party of 6.. they sat us by the window which had a great view.. the hostesses were really pretty.. oysters were great.. nothing else was that impressive..
Really. Good. Pizza.  Great variety of beer and wine.  If you are in downtown, and want a good meal, eat here.
Good service at this location, Robert acknowledges you as soon as you walk in the door.. Orders are always correct too
I have visited this location about 4 times. This place is horrible. The turn is too tight, my truck rear drivers side tire gets stuck every time. I have watched other sedans get stuck as well. The staff isn't friendly, and you feel like a problem when you're there.
Used to love this place and we went several times a year for family birthdays and special occasions.  Last several times we have gone the steak has been over cooked and very bland.  Sadly I think we are done eating here.
Good food for a late night bite not like a dennys or  late night carrows.  U feel good in the morning after eating this food so late at night wont give you bubble guts!  But what can u say we VEGAS BABY!!
This is my favorite breakfast restaurant!  I have been to several other places and tried their eggs benedict, and these are the best!  Everything else always looks really good too, but I can't turn down the Benny's.
Fanfuckingtastic service AND food. Mingia bro, this shits awesome too. The place was packed out the ass, so I'm guessing its pretty popz.
Disgusting!! I ordered the chimichurri burger. It tasted like boiled meat. Seriously, it tasted exactly like the burgers we were forced to eat at grade school lunch cafeterias. It was that bad. Threw it away! Total waste of $12. Run away if you want edible food!!!
The food was really exceptional. The bad reviews here are ridiculous; I swear, some people go into things just looking for something negative. Cheer up people. You'll know a real bad experience when you have one. The food here is outstanding. Service great. Underrated in my opinion
The dates were amazing! I am excited to eat here again to try more things from the menu. I will have to try the sangria, thanks for the suggestion!
Really really good food for a great price. The portobello mushroom sandwich was amazing. They brought out snacks to munch on too! Great service and its right by the encore elevators so its a fantastic location! Will definitely eat here again!
I ordered the country fried steak...grease, all I could taste was Grease...
Very good restaurant...nice marbled steaks, amazing sides and selection. I can't really complain, since we showed up an hour late to our reservation, and everything still worked out well.
You know what I like? Paninis. And you know what else I like? Coffee.\n\nDone, and done. \n\nDelicious food, amazing service, and fair prices at this very cozy spot surrounded by tourist traps and subpar food joints.
I was really looking forward to trying pinks since it is such a landmark hotdog place in LA. I have to say we were a little disappointed. Good place for a quick dog, but don't expect an incredible hotdog experience.
Great service, clean room and it's across the street from Nordstrom's. I even got a 4 pm check out!
They don't have the cioppino on the summer menu, but the Chef will make it upon request. Excellent!
The best place for a Filet in Las Vegas. We also had the Sea Bass, it was fantastic. The spinach salad and the au gratin potatoes were equally delicious. The service was wonderful, just a few reasons why this place is one of my favorites!
It's more like a spa here at ewc. There therapists are nice and friendly.  The products they use and sell are amazing.  They smell wonderful.  The wax they use is virtually pain free. I like this convenient location also. One stop shopping at Boca Park.
Believe it or not, our school actually made about $50 for our fundraiser and this store STILL HASN'T PAID OUT! Their manager gave us two expired certificates for a free meal to use as a raffle and now won't return our calls. ABSOLUTELY THE WORST!
Every time I come here they mess something up. Whether it be medium instead of large, everything instead of plain, regular fries when I ask for curlies, this place does it all. Do not come here if you can help it.
Found this place in October,  loved it and came back for our 32nd anniversary dinner.  Lobster Mac & Creamy Alfredo the best!
A lot of food, but I wasn't thrilled.  Just not my taste.
Place was dirty, took over half an hour for my food which was cold, very disappointed in the quality of my meal for the price I paid.  The one in Warm Springs is MUCH better.
I was a kid in a candy store. Fully stock and plenty to choose from .
I really like this place for a lunch option. They have several choices on their menu from burgers to pizza. The inside is newly expanded to include a bar area. Definitely a place to check out.
If it's not broke don't fix it, I loved the old O'Sheas but the 2.0 version just didn't work for me, the old atmosphere just wasn't there, now part of the Linq but at least they kept the old sign.
Came for the burgers and the pretty boys.\n\nWas not disappointed.\n\n\n(Fish and crisp sandwich was absolutely excellent and service was great)
Shake, Shake, Shake!  Amazing shakes!!! Cute place. good lunch specials and kids meals. The staff is very friendly!  Give them a try!
Huge beer selection.  I stopped by at about 4pm on a Friday, and it already had a crowd.  Outdoor seating, and lots of seats inside.  I could see if it was crowded, it would be hard to get to the bar.  But maybe they have table service later in the night.  The prices were average.
We came here on a gift card, thank god!  the food is terrible, as if they are trying to cut costs with cheap product.  Service is good, food is a mess.
definitely a lounge. pleasant music but not too loud to hear your pals. awesome bartender.
It was disgusting.  I would never come here again.
Bad food.  Ate here all week while on a work trip.  Seriously chain-tastic feeling food.  The portions are pretty big, but I really didn't like anything I had for breakfast or dinner.  The service was great.
Good food and reasonably priced\nI just wish they had delivery available.\n\nHad the Sweet and Sour shrimp dinner combo
There was a  cockroach crawling inside the glass where the candy and shell are.   French vanilla was stale and just nasty.   Do not know if this is locally owned or not but they need to do something.  Bad all around
Great sandwiches and a real soda fountain.  Try a cherry lime phosphate.  Trust me.
Consistent, eclectic fare at reasonable prices.   Large portions.   I eat mostly breakfast at ZJ's, have tried most of the menu over the years, and keep going back.   I've even figured out when to arrive so I can park!
Ok ohso I love you but seriously you charge a dollar to sample a beer?!? Just one beer?! Thats kinda ridiculous
As of March, 2011 this place is out of business.  Sad I didn't go more when I had the chance.  Food was great.
Shortage of menus with 1/2 empty restaurant so we're seated w/1 menu to share! Waitress huffs when she's asked what's on tap! Food is ok at best. This place needs to step it up or they'll be closing
Service is less than adequate. Food comes out in stages. Get ready to serve yourself. Waitress is horrible. \n\n\nAlthough, music  by J. Strickland was great. Not only does he sing but he serves our country in the military !!
This place is pretty good service beautiful sitting outside by the fountain in the middle of him downtown Arizona center very delicious.
I wouldn't consider this hotel a 5-star hotel.  The room is an average sized, and does not come with bath robes.  It's a 4.5 star at best, but certainly not a 5 star hotel by my standards.
Good selection of imported stuff.
40 degrees on the patio and four of their heat lamps don't work.  Apparently the owners are too cheap to fix them.  Skip this place.
You know you're at Lux when you see about 5 fixed-gear bikes parked outside and when you walk in, don't get confused; you're not at the Apple Store. Lux has great coffee and they always make a pretty design in the foam. Staff is great and environment is conversation-inducing.
Been here twice and both times I left within 5 minutes. Girls get free shots for a reason, they wouldn't get people otherwise! Just don't go. Its a complete waste of time.
This place is so overpriced it isn't funny! The food is sub par, the Rainforest noises are too loud. There are kids running all over the place and the service sucked!
Obviously Derek, the owner, reads all his reviews because two weeks later, I get a check in the mail for the Yelp discount that I missed. \n\nGet Your Move On is a classy outfit and I highly recommend their services.
Good food. Good service. Simple place.
Very good. A little pricy at $17 for my meal - I got a Greek salad- with no protein an side dish of tabouli and dolomas... Great homemade rose water sweet tea! Very refreshing. I will be coming back. Everything seems to be made in house!
Decent food and reasonable prices.  Worth giving a try when you want to get off the strip.  Lots of parking at the mall and never a long wait at this restaurant.
Nice place.really busy so very hard to get appt. Or walk in. Clean and friendly. Hope it slows down so I cam get in more often. How do they remember everyone's name?! Lol
They don't order parts when you order them I waited four weeks to find out they didn't place the order. Wasted gas to drive there to find out the price quotes had tripled. Poor service. Acted as if they don't care if you give them business one way or another.
The food and service were great. However, the music mix actually ruined the dining experience. Seriously. Change the music.
I went to PT today for lunch...wow...the menu is the same for lunch or dinner so my lunch with a coke was $15 bucks....Too high for Matthews...the place is better for a casual dinner....lots more excitment and energy
Complete rip off. Paid $110 for 2 to eat a dinner that seemed like it was cooked at Denny's. \n\nDo not go here
Whenever I fly home from Ohio, I try to hit all my favorite restaurants in the valley. And I generally get to each of them once. I get to In-N-Out at least twice. It's just that good. I honestly could eat it every day of my life if my waistline would allow it.
My Girlfriends and I met for Breakfast.  The  restaurant was clean and it appeared to be busy. The food was delicious and the service was great.  I would highly recommend to friends and family.  Thanks Carol!
Sort of cool atmosphere. Service was slow and miso soup came out cold. Fish tasted average. Would not go back.
Stopped in for some hot chocolate, it came out warm not hot and our server was very apathetic. We were there for maybe 30 minutes and he never checked on us once. No plans to ever return.
excellent, just like the one in New York, but the kids in New York sang a little better to me then the one in Vegas. Over all it was still good. Sat in 10th row on the side but tickets were only $58 bucks. They always have deals so just wait instead of paying $120.
I strongly suggest this restaurant having a \"what we don't offer today\" menu, it could be very helpful when ordering, saves much time. Also if you come in their employee lunch time, be prepared to wait, they will keep you wait until they finish.
Great burgers and fries.  Pass on the steak.  Cool vibe and atmosphere.  Fun place to take guests.  Very crowded on Friday and Saturday night.  So the service will be very slow then.  But the beer is always cold and some good country music playing.
Hands down the best Cherry Cheese danish I've ever had in my life.  Pure heaven.  The Blueberry Scones are good too.  Wow....I sacrificed a day of misery tomorrow for the instant pleasure these gave me :)
Went to tortilla fish after receiving a coupon... WOW! What a pleasant surprise! The fish and shrimp tacos are amazing, and so is the salsa bar and staff!! Will most definitely return!
Nice casino and decor!  Glad my gambling $$ is going towards beautifying the place!  Love the waterfall, hanging umbrellas display!
Used the same car wash after an oil change the car wash was free and the owner actually vacuumed and made sure that everything was satisfactory
Last time I was in Vegas we ate here and one of the guys got sick and had to stay in the hotel while we went out and partied.\n\nSucked to be him but I still had a great time on the strip.
Excellent service and suites are exquisite. Best part about it for me is there is no smoking and gambling so you don't have to worry about cigarette smoke in your lungs and on your clothes. All valet parking makes it easier as well.
I'm ordering from Linos on Graig all the time. Jammy always really nice to me! Delivery is really fast and food is fresh out of oven! I'm waiting for my ultimate seafood right now!
No joke, when I lived in vegas I would go to the Wynn specifically with the intent of going to this coffee shop.  Best pastries in vegas.  Fantastic coffee and hot drinks.  And you're in the Wynn so there are much worse places you could spend snacking and relaxing!
Fun place. Music is mostly good. Drinks over priced. Lot of hot latin guys. But its hard if u dont speak spanish well. N clickish. But becareful lots of cops in area.
Terrible Service... It took a few minutes just to be greeted by the Host.\nFood was ok...
Old school dance music wise??? This is the place. No entrance fee, alcohol not too pricey, people are nice, location is the best...it's in heart of Freemont Downtown Las Vegas. Great crowd inside sitting or outside. You choose. I had the best Saturday night here once. :)
Service was slow to non-existent.
The service was friendly but the food was not worth the money. Fried shrimp was over cooked. Streak was cheap and tough to chew. Best part of the food was the soft serve ice cream. This was my first and last visit to sizzlers.
Share food family style and try a little of everything. Ahi tuna ceviche was delicious
The owner is the exact opposite of our experience with Thai people. Horribly rude man. Will never go back. Even though the food is great. Probably the best Thai in town.\n\n\nThe Garlic Chicken is top shelf and they are the only ones who make anything like it.
Love this place! I'm currently doing their menu challenge, which if I order every single item off their menu I'll get 15% off every time I order for the rest of my life :)
Great atmosphere. Great coffee. Horribly boring and bland food.
I love this place. They are so accommodating and the food is delicious. They made a special meal for my daughter and were happy to do it. Our server was helpful and friendly.  I had the roasted beet salad and the ingredients were very fresh and tasty. I can't wait to go back.
Snow ice is good. Hot tea is Not good and I think they are over priced. Don't get the hot green tea!!! Not good at all. Peppermint green tea is the worst! Yuck. Sorry but did not like it....
Some of the best sandwiches EVER! They are huge, and loaded with flavor! Loads of delicious beer selections to top it off! Yum!
good food  and that what matters.
Great food, great service.
I am a big fan of Caesars Palace! It's so royal and beautifully decorated. It has great restaurants and shops located inside this massive establishment. The casino itself features a lot of the same slot machines and tables seen in the other casinos. It is centrally located on the strip and easy to access.
My dad and I went here thinking it would be a good place to try. The inside of the restaurant was unclean and tacky. Neither my dad nor I were impressed with the food. We both had ribs. There was very little BBQ sauce on the ribs, and while our food came out fast the quality was not great.
The $22 all you can eat dinner at More Buffet was not the worth the $22. You will get better buffet at IHOP!
This place is pretty good. I have been going here for about a year now. The prices are the best. I get 5 or 6 items dry cleaned for about $15
Seating was fast, service was slow. Can;t really complain about the food, I had the Reuben sandwich and it was about what you would expect from a Reuben.
Best Mexican restaurant i have eaten at in a long time.  The service was great and the food extraordinarily fresh for a mexican restaurant. Chips fresh with tasty salsa.    I got the veggie enchiladas and they were fantastic.  I will be back with family in tow.
The downstairs bar is a comfy heaven!! The happy hour is a must to attend. They have $5 menu of some tasty dishes. The seared salmon was the best!!! The staff is wonderful. Love this place!!
I got the Prime Selection Ribeye steak medium rare for $36. The sweet spot was about the size of a silver dollar and the rest of the steak was fat and tough meat.  My sisters got the prime rib and filet.  Both were exceptionally good.  The service was good too.
another feed place, good service. But you may have seen the numerous complaints on the internet, they are also a gas station. Their gas station cashiers seems to have an attitude problem... But if feed is your business, just walk in straight to the back, and they will take care of you promptly for your feed & chick needs.
One of the best buffets in Vegas. Definitely top 3.  They have a huge selection and also great quality. Their desert section will put a lot of desert stores to shame. Definitely a place to check out!
I try to not give out 2's and 1's for ratings but I really can't stand Pappa Johns..  Do yourself a favor and pay a few bucks more for some good pizza.  If you insist on greasy chain pizza, Hungry Howies is the only choice..
Nice gym, management not so good be aware of the contract.  They will continue to charge you until you cancel in writing.  They slid a clause in about auto renewal
Not a bad place, looks decent. Not much selection of juices and $1 per foot of kanthol or silica/ekowool is ridiculous. Just convenient cuz it's next to my place. Last resort type thing
Very loud, companion sitting right next to me could not hold a conversation.  Steaks and sides were ok.  We had both recently been to a Ruth's Chris in NJ and this place was nowhere near that in food enjoyment.  The extensive by-the-glass wine list is nice, maybe a bit overwhelming.
Do yourself a favor....  Just don't go.
I recieved a call saying they found something in my jacket, when I went by it was $300 that I thought I had lost, honest staff. Thank you
Pholicious.....Delicious....pho sure :o)
The employees were very helpful and did a great job helping my fiance and my son pick out the perfect tuxes for my wedding.  The tuxes fit and looked great!
Yummy! Went on a Thursday and everything on the menu was 5.99. Everyone was really nice and gave great recommendations. Get there early because the guacamole runs out! Best burritos in Charlotte!
Had a groupon for a family meal.  Gave us only dark meat (4 legged chicken anyone).  No breast meat (ad was for a whole chicken).  Also gave only small sides.  Not friendly.  Good ribs and beans-had better though and will not go back.
We loved the fast & tasty pizzas and the service was STELLAR! They genuinely cared & checked in with us (even though they didn't have to). Impressed! Will be back for sure!!
A nice change of pace from the cookie-cutter breakfast places. Decent food at a decent price with a friendly staff. If your looking for a nice small business to spend your breakfast or lunch money on, then this is it.
The food here is just ok, but the prices for whatever reason never seem to be the same, I came in yesterday just wanting something different so I ordered the nachos and a drink, bill was over 10.00 are you serious!!!!, better places around there for less money
A great restaurant.  The goat, chicken and Nan, are delightful.  Great service and authentic.  A must try.  If you like it spicy ask for hot.  Medium wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be.  Otherwise a perfect meal.
If you're looking for beer and a ton if tv's Blue 32 is a good spot to settle at. The three stars is simply because much like most sports bars, the food is very average. It's not bad food, just not great either. If your focus is a game and a cold beverage you'll be happy.
One of the things in life you can count on, no matter where you go, is an Irish pub.  And O'Sullivan's keeps the promise of plentiful beer choices, hearty pub fare, and Irish mainstays like corned beef.  Combined with good prices and plenty of TVs, they have consistently delivered a good lunch experience.
Horrible service. Word to the manager reading this... If you have a line of people wanting to eat at your establishment, seat them, that's how you make money. Or tell them you have full service at the bar to the left of you. Rant over.
Do not go during the day time. The service is miserable. We got buy get one free drink card. It took 5 minutes to get a menu and then we never saw our server again. After 20 minutes we left. Prices are high but I do not complain about that since it is vegas.
Please... there is only one.  In NYC. it was over just before that terrible movie came out.  Keep it real.  5 pabst and 5 shots of whatt?
Mixed feelings about this place. The traveling show on view when I was there was lovely.  A small display of Mesoamerican artifacts was fascinating and well presented. But, the vast majority of the collection is not displayed, so most of what you see on the website you will not see when you visit.
Bad value. Did cost twice as much as other pho places in town and isn't half as good. In a vacuum, it's ok. But I just cannot recommend this place considering the competition such as Saigon pho or even pho Chandler
Aww sh*t,... food poisoning.
it smells like a dirty old folks home I dont think its been cleaned in the last 100 years,
Barro's pizza is really good. Once a month we take the kids there and let them run around in the game room, so we can have a nice conversation.  It's great.  Kids have fun, stay out of our hair and we don't have to pick up toys afterwards.
Same stuff different day at Cartel. Girl at the register told me she didn't know what a cortado was to get me to explain it to her. I have ordered them here for YEARS. Really?!
Jimmy Johns is solid. Much better quality than Subway. Great bread and super quick. They'll deliver just one sandwich if need be. This location is awesome and everyone there is super friendly.
Great place - friendly staff, great live music, love the couscous & chicken. I keep saying I'm going to try something else but then I know I'll miss this tasty dish. Best to order it & share w someone who orders a pizza. Such a gem. Love it!
Tourist trap.\n\nThe location with the outside seating is nice, I will give them that.\n\nHowever, sangria was meh, beer selection was slim, service was spotty, and the food menu was quite uninspiring.
Awesome food. Furikake chicken was amazing. If you're in a hurry I don't suggest coming here. Portions are huge!
I would say this place was ok. I wouldn't go as far as saying it's the best in vegas like some ppl have.. But for $45 plus tip for just one person I was disappointed.
ok, you redeemed yourself
Service is good.\n\nThe pizza is decent.\n\nThe lunch specials are good. \n\nThe salad is okay.\n\nThe pasta is awful.  So, is the sausage.
Tylor and Glenn were the best! I was the one that got there one minute to closing and they stayed open for me! Awesome service!
Steak was over cooked, but after it was fixed it was delicious.  My wife had the file' gumbo and would give it a four.  The angus filet and sides were excellent.
Very disappointed in the food and service. First time having a meal there since new owner(s) took over. The food was very bland had to ask for refills on our water. If you want a glass of wine for happy hour great just don't expect much from the food.
Terrific pizza and the cheese bread is out of this world.  It's a shame they closed their West Town area location.
Great food... Good service...  The chicken tortilla soup is amazing, but just about everything on the menu is good.
Terrible service, worst manager I've ever experience,.  This is the first negative review I've bothered to write on the net, several positive. Very expensive Ponderosa, if I could give it negative stars I would.
Haven't been in a while so decided to try it out. Service was great but the food wasn't what I remembered. Potatoes were cold. It was a weekday so not busy so don't understand why the food was cold. Not sure I'll choose The Good Egg again.
This park is one of my favorites in Southern Highlands. It is extremely quiet, secluded, and beautifully maintained. They have a great variety of things to do. They also have an outdoor movie show in the summer!
We have gone to Carmellas several times over the last couple of years they have been open.  Last night we headed over there only to find out it hsd closed.
I like deep tissue massage and this is the only place that I found that can do a decent deep tissue
I love this place! The bartenders are always friendly, and very attentive without being overbearing. The atmosphere is very low key. They have great live music all the time. If you like Irish pubs, this is the place for you.
Bright, airy and friendly, Phoenix Sky Harbor succeeds at making lots of planes take off and land every day. This was the first time I flew through there. I didn't have to go through security, but the people I overheard chatting commented that security lines always seem shorter there.
When you come to a place thats this highly rated, you come in with certain expectations.  Don't.  Fish tacos here are a bit overrated and ceviche was just average.   The vibe was excellent but food was par at best.
Service was decent but not great, they kept on coming by and asking what we ordered.  The place is pretty small so the waiter should remember who ordered what!  The food was decent except my dinner salad came out way earlier than the rest of the meals, even before the apps!
This store is filled with tons of accessories and clothing! You can spend hours looking through all of the fun stuff. Love, Love, Love
I continue to go to this location! I appreciate the greeting from Bill and the excellent service with a smile from Celeste and Bernice. \n\nAt the end of the day, great products require ongoing great service. Thanks for keeping the standards for both high.
\"Good, Good, and.....GOOD!\" I always come for the cocktails and Thai Chicken Wraps. Service is good and I like the atmosphere, but some advice, \"Get there nice and early for seating on a weekend\".
If you are over 60 and love George W Bush, theyn you have found a home. Ok food, but a big deal for older locals.
So far so good ! Been a patient there for a month now & am finally recovering from low thyroid, panic attacks & other ailments ! Dr Greg is wonderful & really takes his time to understand my various concerns.  They focus on treating physical, emotional & mental conditions.  Im so very happy to be a patient of theirs.
You know what I hate about Rice Paper? Absolutely nothing.\n\nThe vegetarian pho(with Grandma's sauce) is my absolute favorite and the ambiance is great. Definitely one of my favorite spots for happy hour!
I was looking for the perfect place to get a new set of lashes after a taking off a horrific set. Ladies you get what you pay for; and Tierney's lashes is worth every penny. She is beyond professional, and really takes her time. She is all about healthy lashes! I would definitely go to her again.
I've only been through the drive thru here, but they are super fast and friendly which is helpful when your driving to work!  Always good coffee!
Waterfall is too loud \nI had gnocchi, just blah.  Not bad but not good either.   Wife had beef on weck bland beef and certainly not a good bun.   \nGreat place to come for a cocktail and hang out but get your dinner somewhere elser
They have the best bed in las vegas. It's not in the strip but it is close to the strip.  I would stay here again.  This hotel is better than flamingo, harrahs, ballys, tropicana, new york new york.
Got here late on a Saturday and we did buy pre-sale tix but the line at 12 midniggt was long.  So we gave the man with the clipboard a Benjamin and we walked right in no waiting so you can either wait an hour in line or pay a little extra grease to walk right in.
I love this spot.  This is where I first tried snow cream.  \n\nMy favorite: \nTaro / Mochi / strawberry / captain crunch / condensed milk
A little hole in the wall.  Always very friendly service and easily the best wings in town.  Great value and had the pizza a few times which is also good - but come for some cold beer, good service and great wings!
this pizza is so so. i get pizza there for my husband and son. they seem to like it and they have a coupon card. so every pizza you order you get some $ off. we paid $2.00 tonight for our pizza. great deal.
Great Customer service. The shakes are yummly. Had the Burger with Onion rings on it. Ohh so delicious. A little pricey but worth it.
I have tried the Frozen Yogurt here. However i don't like it much. its more like Icecream or little bit melted. I like Yogurtland much better. It's not bad at all. However i prefer Yogurtland.
This place used to have the best price on my all time fav beer Konig Ludwig.  $2.50 for a 32oz mug during happy hour.  I put on 15lbs of \"beer gut\" over the summer of 2009 because of this place.\n\nSadly Dooby's is closed now.
The tacos are delicious. A little bit pricy but the atmosphere makes up for it. The nachos with carnitas were fantastic as well. I'll be back.
Let's make this short and sweet...\n\nService - very poor\nFood - average\nWill I come back? - NO
Great modern spot and an amazing beer selection. The hostess had a major attitude problem and the service was awful, it took 10 minutes for someone to come to our table. I'll try it again but if hte service is the same I won't return.
Excellent mango salsa.
Puff Puff's were the reason we stopped by, said they were the best! had to say they were pretty good, especially with a cup of coffee :-) lady and her husband were very friendly, need to try the food next time.....
The atmosphere is very \"Scottsdale\" and upper-class. I would suggest wearing formal-casual attire at the minimum, but that is just my opinion. The food was pretty good, the the price was not commensurate with the quality. You are paying a high price for the atmosphere, and that it about it.
No gym sucks worse than Las Vegas Athletic Clubs. If you really need to get your exercise there. I recommend walking around the building so you don't have to waste your money on the inside.
It was OK..not as good as other chipotles \nIt might've been because they were thirty minutes til close but I'd still like fresh steak in my tacos not dried steak that's been sitting there
Love this little hidden nook! Such a great place to hang out and spend quality time with friends!
If nothing else is open, you can get airport food served to you by people who clearly wish they were somewhere else. If anything else IS open, go...literally anywhere else.
Very friendly and helpful staff!  Clean and affordable!  I recently purchased their monthly membership and I love it!!
I didn't feel like driving to island flavor so I decided to settle for this instead. As I was eating my take-out at home, I found a full sized fly in my gravy (posted in photos). I should've drove the extra mile to island flavor instead.
stayed here with a few friends for a bdai ...service is quick and the pool fit a lot of people comfortably...rooms are decent tho nothing special
The breakfast buffet was virtually empty this morning so turnover was a problem, but we were in a rush to catch our plane so I quickly downed OJ, fresh fruit with yogurt, easy over eggs, corned beef hash and some breakfast tatas.
Always great service and atmosphere. Very relaxing. The food has always been good. If you have a friendly dog bring them along.
I have told many people about Sewell at Southwestern Auto Glass. They are always impressed with the expertise used to change out their windshield. Sewell does a great job. He's got to be the best there is.
We had a decent meal at this venue. Large portions but decent food. We had a 2 for 1 through the travel company we used which was a bit of a result. Also, the staff were friendly and quick which we liked...\n\nAll in all, decent food, decent price...cant go wrong!!
Yes definite tourist trap. The stuff was ridiculously expensive. The staff was friendly but that still doesn't make my wallet any happier. Go find some other place. Thank you Las Vegas for jacking up the price of food.
I love the hotel and stay here every time I am in Vegas. The buffet at the flamingo however is terrible. Food was disgusting and the place was not clean. I went right down the street to Harrahs buffet and it was so much better!!!!
It was an absolute pleasure to find this shop and see all the great new products that it keeps up with. Coming form Hawaii we have the big box store and a couple of boutique baby stores but the prices are high. I highly recommend you visit this shop when in the area. The owner is the nicest guy!
Not just cupcakes-- cake pops too! Fun place for kids. Try the red velvet!
We stopped in on a Friday evening. The staff was very nice and helpful. The chicken was excellent according to my wife but my prime rib was over done and a little tough. We will probably give them another chance in the near future.
This was our third time seeing LOVE and our complimentary seats in section 209 provided us with an excellent view.  Cirque du Soleil's creativity and the acrobatic agility of the performers set to the music of the Beatles made for an entertaining experience.
Great acoustics here.  Went to see Motley Crue and were definitely pleased with the show.  Would definitely go back to a show here again.
come hungry! best bagels, cream cheese, omelets!!!! love every thing they make (except desserts, i don't think they use butter, so desserts are just ok) highly recommend!
Just order a Bring It On Burger,the meat was so dry ,the lettuce was old and turn bad already! The meat taste like cooked 2days ago and than reheat when someone order\uff01
Crab melt. Good. Subtle. Fresh ingredients. Getting an allergic reaction to the crab tho. Makes sense since I'm allergic to shellfish. Lol
Seafood Friday and there are better places for the price you pay.  The prime rib was good, but I loved the dessert here, it was awesome.
service was great for us. took a taxi from the strip to eat here for a quick fix of taiwanese food. the food was pretty authentic. price is cheap portions are big. if ur in the chinatown area its definitely worth it
It's a decent buffet for a reasonable price. The food is ok and the service barely ok. They're understaffed and you need to have some patience, cause they are not in a hurry.
Went here for our anniversary great food intimate setting ladies even get a rose before seated very good experience!  Well be there for our 12th
The food is really good, but the service can be better !!
My normal Panda experience - half fried rice half steamed, orange chicken - Beijing beef / green tea. Everything was fresh and good - the place was clean and there was four other tables of folk's eating. Uneventful, good meal YaY
Bed buffs look out it's got bed bugs
My favorite Dutch bros!!! Whole team is awesome! Especially Adam! Everyone there is always so happy and sincere. No matter what kind of day I'm having I always leave that place with a huge smile and in better spirits then before I came!  Thanks rural/guad team!
Delivered on time, but seat view completely obstructed.  Wildly overpriced.  Avoid at all costs.
I have no idea why I even went here more than once.  I've only tried their espresso drinks and they're of very poor quality.  It's weak and inconsistent and overpriced.  Would not recommend and would not go back.  There's an abundance of better cafes to go to in this area.
No 9# balls available, hot as heck in there with 72 lanes, 1000+ bodies & hundreds of tv's & computers, and 2 people at the front desk checking people in...not a earth-shattering experience, but I guess it was ok.
Came here with a friend before. Our waiter was faking having an Italian accent. I don't even remember the food, but that waiter pretending to be Italian was hilarious.
I can't remember the name of the bar, there's a huge aquarium behind the bar.  There Margarita's are amazing!  If you love Margaritas , you need to check there's out.
I never would have thought the Gold Coast Casino and Hotel had such a yummy tasting Dim Sum Restaurant. I happened to arrive just at the right time before 12pm because after I got seated there was a line out the door. Eat a lot of different dishes, all for a cheap price.
Staff was nice. Food needs work.  My burger was VERY greasy. So much so the bun was soggy.
Great place to stop in for coffee.  Lively environment with very friendly baristas.  And the best part, the coffee/espresso is amazing!  Check this place out!
I have been useing Dr Drake for over 15 years and recommend he and his hospital very highly. Our dog Barnaby, love Carolann so much, he jumps up on the counter to get his kiss when he walk in the door. They care about their animals and the people they serve.Thank You
I just love taking people to this place. I really like their drink menu, it has an awesome atmosphere, they also have a nice selection of brews and I appreciate being at a bar in Vegas that A) has no smoking and B) no gambling machines. Now, if only I lived closer to it.
We walked in New Years day. They technically weren't even open. We went in there just to get a quote. They ended up fixing my cracked screen and my lock button, that day! Everyone in there was super friendly too. Highly recommended place!
Visiting Charlotte for the National Parks and Rec Convention. Our hotel the Westin, suggested Midwood Smokehouse. Great recommendation, friendly service, great atmosphere and excellent food. Loved the creamed corn, BBQ beans and banana pudding and sweet potato fries. And of course great, BBQ meats.
Consistent food.  The mushroom soup is good.
Pizza was good. Just good! After reading an article online that touted this place the number 3 pizza place in the US I had to try. I think the food would have tasted better if the prices were more reasonable!
Lot of memories from my days as an undergrad, sitting in the Student Section w/ my fellow Phi Sigs . . . the stadium has undergone a number of improvements over the years, and still remains a great place to watch Sun Devil football!! \n\nCheers!\nRS
Authentic korean restaurant and food.  I had tofu soup that was as good as anything I ate when living in Korea. The banchan and mandu were excellent!  The service was excellent. It is a do again restaurant.
My burger was tasty but not spectacular. The pretzel roll was actually the best part of the burger. The decor and vibe were cool.
I went there for  a lunch meeting. The food and service was great with large portions.
For an artisan pizzeria, it's pretty good. \n\nNot so spectacular that I will insist that all my friends go there, but if someone suggests it, I certainly won't argue against their decision to take me there.\n\nAlso, their crepes. Delicious.
These type of chain places are noy my jam- It was OK- they do have some pretty awesome Happy Hour Specials on drinks and food- that being said, i would come back, but only for those deals and only with girlfriends for dinner and drinks during HH- otherwise, you are getting crap.
Finally a Sprouts in Northwest Phoenix!  Much nicer than other Sprouts I have been to....the Bin area very clean, each bin has its own scoop.  Great grab and go sushi! Love Sprouts!
Good tacos. Fast service. Very nice ppl but way too expensive. $4 for one taco!!! $8 to add chips and a drink. They are good but not that good. Just not worth it. Probably not eating there again unless I get more than one taco for that price.
Breakfast is ok.  Lunch and dinner are horrible.  The food is bland in some cases and plain awful in other cases.   The Stratosphere does a lot of things well.  The Buffett isn't one of them.
Went in for an afternoon burger, no drinks.  Place was a dive, without the charm.  And I didn't need to hear the loud obnoxious guy at the bar talking about the waitresses ass.  At 1130 in the morning?
Finally made it to the store, having always enjoyed their gyros at Taste of Champaign.  I'm sorry we waited, the food in the shop is even better!
Great lunch and breakfast spot.  Salads, sandwiches and blue plate specials.  All organic, prepared with care and good sized portions.  OATYs are great breakfast on the run on a cold day.  The grilled cheese is yum-tastic. They also have pre-prepared foods that you an grab and carry out.
I really enjoyed my stay here. We had an upgrade to the 19th floor with a great view of the pool and Ballagio fountains. The bathroom was super roomy with a sit-down shower and jacuzzi bath. Great designing and fast elevators. The casino was confusing to get out of but customer service was great.
I agree with Bennett, pricey but, you get what you pay for.  Not to mention your in Town Square, you can tell it's expensive just by the look of the place,  Very comfy seats, you feet wont stick to the floor & the employees are really nice. So I will be going agin for sure....
The worst KFC ever. Apparently they can only take one order at a time. Had to wait 15 minutes before I could order.
I'm always on the lookout for sushi on the west side of town... and this one is a winner. Combine a creative menu, generous servings, and affordable prices, and you've got a winner here. The owner and staff are extremely friendly and talkative, too - definitely a plus!
I have not been back but I might, because Henry the owner was gracious to leave a response to my feedback. In my mind if he has the sincerity to reach out to me, I should reciprocate by  giving them a second chance. I hope to try HTK again soon.
Absolutely amazing food! This place has great customer service and is a great place to eat! Definitely try the Eggs Benedict or Loco Moco!
Everything was great.  The Tomato soup was blissful.  Beautiful venue and exception service.  Luv it.
Service is so so but food us great. Le service est couci couca mais la nouriture est tr\u00e8s bonne !
the food was good and had very nice presentation.\nwe had: \nmezza combo\nsteak and hummus\nfried kebbeh\nmakanek\nfalafel\nmossaka\n\nits more expensive than what i thought it would be.
Just bought some shades with my wife!! Awesome prices and RJ helped us find the perfect pairs. Great find! Thanks guys! Gerry and Shanyce
Last minute choice turned out pretty good. Some nice people gave us their two for one coupon so we paid only $20.18 for brunch. The selection was okay for the price.  Dessert was good: vanilla chocolate and mint gelato, selfish!
Great place. Attentive wait staff. Very good tasty food. Nice atmosphere. Had papaya salad and curry with chicken. Delicious. Excellent value.
The food was amazing!!! The papa loca was crazy good. And the grilled Gordita? Man was it tasty. Their horchata rocks also. I'll be back - and often!
I stopped in to pick up the hydraulic lifts for my rear glass window. The part was in stock and immediately produced. Kalib was knowledgeable and extremely helpful. The store was clean and well stocked.Thanks for your help.
Great NY style pizza.  Not the best pizza of this style that I've ever had \nbut in the top 3.   My hubby and kids loved it too.
Went on a Thurs night when it was pretty quiet. The mechanical bull was on but it wasn't put to good use. Average sports bar. Average priced mixed drinks.
The customer service rep I spoke to was very rude and very disinterested in helping me.  I will not use this service again.
This has to be the worst place to shop, they have the worst customer service and worst manners I have ever seen 5 stars negative, and hope they fire the guy who is working there
Really good food, they have great food. I would suggest the parmesan fries and one of the best snap hotdogs on the west coast.
This is such an excellent feature to our favorite transportation!!! Great job discount cab. We don't trust uber or lyft. John Poole is the greatest driver and loves the new app. \n\nThanks discount cab. Great work
The food is solid, but not awesome.  The room is kind of ugly and occasionally not too fragrant.\n\nIf you want Vietnamese, you want it dirt cheap and you want it now, this place gets it done.\n\nIf you want a warm, memorable dining experience, this is not the place.
The burger was better this time then last. \nThe chili dog is good\nThe chili is good.\n\nThe only complaint was the $2.50 for 5 slices of tomato, and I could have gone for some french frys too.
Surprised about the four star about this restaurant.\n\nI just ordered one seafood soup. and disappointed.  \n\nfood really bad. \n\nI can not go there anymore.
Both service and food were lacking. The chicken crispers were not even fast food quality, the service was slow and unresponsive. Had to send food back and no concern was given by server as to whether the second attempt was any better. Will not be returning to this location or most likely any other.
Score! I paid $10 for enough tickets to win a tiny piece of crap kaleidascope!
Pizza 7/10, would've been better if it was hot. Manager was a little grouchy & not the friendliest. Also- she said she hated yelp
I had breakfast and the food was not good.  Rubbery fake scrambled eggs, microwaved sausage patties, toast was ok I guess and the potato wedges were ok.
Just ok, we order the Cesar salad witch was soaked in dressing and had no croutons at all. Then I had the shrimp fajita ( no salsa, no Guac and no sour cream :/ whaawhaa I did love the decor tho!
Relaxing atmosphere & service is great. Unfortunately, coffee is weak. Prices are very high.
Amazing authentic and intricate dishes.. Best Japanese venue in the burgh. Fish is fresh and rich. Will definitely be coming back, I was blown away!
A solid breakfast joint with great service!  A wide menu from Mexican items to eggs Benny.  My short stack with over easy on top was quick and my water and coffee were always full.
Wow...RUDE staff.  A waiter walked by and spilled a dirty plate of something all over my white coat.  When I said something, he just blankly stared at me and asked me what I wanted to do?!?
Oh god it was terrible! The employees were annoyed with the customers and even made fun of the guy in front of me. When I got my food there was a roach or cricket leg in it. Seriously. I'll starve before I eat here.
Really enjoyed the ambience, our server, my whiskey sour and the BBQ! Had the sampler platter and it was perfect to share with my husband. The ribs were awesome!
We here for their lunch buffet, very disappointing. It got a scummy dirty feeling and the service sucked. I was hoping that the food would be its saving grace but no. Dry, to greasy, and just horrible. Too many better choices to ever go here.
Very good sushi at a decent price.  Our server was very lousy and we had to keep telling her things that she forgot.  The owner was there and picking up her slack and was super cool to us.  I would definitely go back I just hope we have a different server:)  Saki Bombs!!!
One of the few highlights of the Fremont Street area.  It's like a Wall Street type steakhouse, with friendly staff and good food.  \n\nIt doesn't rate 4 stars on a national level, but it's head and shoulders above the competition within a 5 mile radius of Fremont St.
Great ice cream sandwiches from a hard working small business owner! We enjoyed our ice cream sandwiches that were made out of fresh baked cookies. A small business surrounded by corporate giants. Try the snicker doodle cookies!
Had noodle soup in the restaurant section.  The soup was OK but it was hard getting past the stagnant aquarium smell wafting in from the grocery area.  Interesting place but I probably won't be going back to eat here.
I tried this place, there food is good. They make the best egg rolls.  I never had to wait  long for a table also. It is BYOB
Wow. Just wow. And they have mini cones for $1.60. The perfect size for me, as I don't want the calories but couldn't resist! And perfect for my husband to try more than one flavor. Absolutely incredible texture, mouth feel and flavors. Go! Run, don't walk!
Super fast service. Crazy cheap drink specials. Good food, lots of it, also cheap. The food comes out so quick you think it must be pre-prepared. Not the friendliest service. Odd music selection. A good place to go with your bros for some hangover food.
Not bad.  Seemed a lot more like Chipotle than Hawaiian anything, but food was pretty decent.
Oh Panera, what can I say--you provide some tasty morsels that get my sugar spiking first thing in the morning.  Your associates are always polished and professional (well except one time, but she was till waking up), your establishments are always clean, and you've never gotten my order wrong.  Good on you.
Always wonderful! Sundaywirhachanceofmeatballs.com loves this place!\nService is fantastic, sushi is amazing!
Don't love the new location and service is not as good as it once was.  Still good food, but it has a cheaper strip mall feel to it which keeps me from wanting to go.\n\nI might make this a strictly take-out destination from here on out.
good burgers, fries are served in a tiny shopping cart, optional sweet potatoe fries
Most horrible service i have ever received in my life. Extremely disrespectful and tells me to hurry up and says he doesn't have time to answer my questions. I liked the food the last time i tried it, but in my opinion the worst customer experience i have ever received.
Love this place, but my last visit was a little sub-par. Server was a little standoffish, and the food preperation was not what I was expecting, especially when the bill rises above $40-50 after tip. Probably go back again, but I'm hoping for a much better experience when I do.
Had a Red, White, and Blue to represent the US in the World Cup. These folks are always so accommodating. They put the game on for me and even turned up the volume! Food was excellent, iced coffee is super strong. GREAT Service, coffee, food, in that order!
Love, love, love!  \n\nHave tried many menu items.  My favorite is the jalapeno sausage.  The breakfast tacos are awesome.  Staff is super friendly!  Great place
Always a consitent, great meal.  The service is excellent - we've always had really friendly staff.  I LOVE the beat salad and the mushroom pasta special (served only at lunch).
Be nice if they remodel and class up a bit, go to cloth napkins, waitstaff takes the check up for you...etc\n\nI like the tacos but probably could do better with the rest of the menu
Poor location of pumps. And I HATE shell gas stations. The gas is always overpriced by 10 cents and the products inside are garbage. This is a last resort gas station..
This is definitely my preferred Ye Olde Orchard location (although the one on Prince Arthur is a close second).  It's quite large and unless there's a game or something at the Bell Centre it isn't too packed.  The food for the most part is pretty good too.
Hot, fresh, tender and great service. Recommended by friend and I recommend it too.  Small owner operator shop with counter service and a few tables.  Worth a try!
Does not exist!
Imagine you are a hot pocket...\n\nNow imagine you could be filled with any type of food...\n\nThrow in some great music...\n\nSome faint allusion to a microwave...\n\nGodspeed!
Salad was served with egg including parts of shell. Expensive restaurant in a mediocre hotel/casino
My husband and I recently had dinner at Shoguns and really enjoyed our experience.  I always order the Signature Salad and Tempura my husband likes the Tuna Sashimi. The wait staff was very attentive and had the tuna prepared exactly the way my husband likes it.
The soup was bland, the chips were soaked in oil, the salsa tasted sour. I will not go back. The waitress spoke little english and talked too fast to understand her.
Had the Veggie Noogie was really good and the Sweet Potato Tots were good as well. Food was a little slow getting out, but I would come back and try more off the menu.
Love this place! Everything I've had has been absolutely delicious! Go see Sawyer she is an awesome server!! :) and dont forget to get the Mac n cheese! Best I've ever had!!!
Rude receptionist that refused to help me and told me to go online and make the reservation there. Won't be using their facilities.
What can I say we were in Vegas for 7 and staying at harrahs we would have been better off at the bar or gambling.
Saw Terry this past week. Simply amazing in every way. He is superb; the puppets are fantastic; the band is great; and this show is not to be missed. A winner.
I've only been here once and that was on a Thursday while a 90's rock cover band was playing. The band was way beyond fun (I honestly would have still enjoyed myself while sober) and being able to play beer pong added to the excitement.
Incredible glossy huge photo prints that are a joy to look at, and of top quality. Well worth a look, and if it is your style, well worth collecting too!
Worst branch. Food cold, serve unattentive, and bathrooms were unclean.  The steak is not good quality comes out tough and stringy.  Would recommend going somewhere else.
Been to the Oakland and Monroeville locations, usually for the buffet - the food is good but the service could be better (at both locations). I always feel as though I'm being rushed out of there, even when it isn't busy. And honestly, would it kill any one of the waitstaff to crack a smile?
Expected it to be like the original Bob's in Slippery Rock and it was just a terrible imposter. Menu isn't even close to being the same, nor is the quality of the food. Subs were average. Subway-quality. Disappointing.
we were here last Nov.2011 for my bestfriend's wedding in Omni Hotel. we needed some alteration for one of the bridemaid's gown and Ms. Lou was so accommodating to our needs. it was a rush request/work and she did a great job!! thank you so much!!
I took my fianc\u00e9 here after looking on Yelp and could not have been happier. The food was great, the service was phenomenal, and the venue is very intimate.  You won't be disappointed.
We always have such a great time here. The food and the service is always great! Everything I've ever gotten from here has exceeded my expectations. More recently I had the big (5) stack of pancakes with a butter maple syrup. Holy hell, I've been craving more ever since!
Awesome great tasting food, fantastic service.   I get a small cheese nachos, n a steak burrito, for free using the Groupon that expires soon in phoenix.
If you are craving for good taco truck quality taco? This is a place to go. It's open 24hour, normally crowded, parking convenient, and condiments are always available. Absolutely must-try taco place on las Vegas blvd!
The fish department was good someone always there to help and didn't wait to long but they need to train \"Tyler\" the cashier on good customer service :)
Cute spot and convenient location. Love the style and decor just like their sister restaurants.  It was a great spot for lunch with coworkers and our tummies were all happy from our meals. Food was delicious and service was great.
Great cafe with delicious muffins and americanos!
I agree with all the other reviews. Wes, the owner, is a honest business person focused on customer satisfaction.  We are new to the Phoenix area and besides trying to find a doctor and a dentist, a car mechanic is a tough search.  Well we are searching no more. Wes will be maintaining both of my vehicles here on out.
My husband and I love having breakfast here.  Such a cute place with delicious food keeps us coming back.  The atmosphere is lively and  it's a nice way to start the day.
I love the fresh cookie lady! when she is around this place is defiantly a 4 star place! when she is not around I am reminded how very mediocre this place is. It is just another generic salad buffet place nothing special or fancy about it. not bad but not great either.
Great service behind the bar, and a really informative tour. The beer garden wasn't open this time of year, but still had a great visit and tried some pretty solid brews.
Delicious, fresh and not terribly busy during a Friday lunch meeting with one of my coworkers. This is definitely one of the best Chinese buffets I've had the pleasure of visiting. We almost drove past, but am so happy we stopped in.
Great chips and salsa, food was really good. The fish tacos exceptional,  we tried them fried and grilled.  Wish they served a Non alcoholic beer.   Fried ice cream was fine.. Prices are beyond reasonable.   We will be back
Tasty espresso, very friendly & welcoming staff, good atmosphere. Prices are competitive. Will definitely go back!!
chips/salsa/fajitas are amazing!
I witnessed the manager yelling at the employees and threatening them with mandatory overtime or else they can leave...who does that? very unprofessional.I left the store and bought the same outfit on Amazon. I will never come back
Very lousy hamburgers and service was awful. I had heard this place was good for years but was disappointed. I had a movie ticket and they refused to give me my 10% discount. Employees speak little or no English and have poor customer service skills.
This place always has very long lines, even at the self checkout stations. On top of that several of the checkout stations are always closed. I can understand being too cheap to keep the checkout lines adequately staffed, but closing self checkout lines while customers are spending several minutes in line just seems malicious.
Really cool rainbow lights when you drive down the freeway at the evening time. Parking seem to be really difficult unless you want to pay the price for VIP designs are really fast.
Wouldn't recommend
What happened to this place? Food and service used to be on point but we just went there for my bday and the service and food was not what it used to be. Won't be going\nback...I'd spend your money elsewhere.
I've always enjoyed this place...it's very clean, good vibe, reasonable prices...but tonight it took 10 minutes for us to get 2 drinks....I've been staring at them at the bar for 5 min.
I would highly recommend Less Stress Movers.  They made my move the easiest one I have ever had.  They get everything done quickly, effeciently, and cheaply.  I will definitely give the owner Maurice a call again when I ever need to move again.
I love this store. Associates are all very friendly and the prices are reasonable. :)
I've been here twice. The first time it was amazing, the second time I bought a bottle that was supposed to be good until tomorrow. Drank it this morning and have been extremely sick all day. Although it seems like a great place I would be weary to try it again.
Bad service ...I placed a order they gave it to a bigger party ....the manager said sorry ....I order once more from them so it happen again .....
Awful experience today! Been going there for years. Even suggested them to many. However,  today I showed her a picture of what I wanted. . Her response was.. You need to go to professional,  to get that done..
When you need a last minute manicure....it's the only 24 hr location in Las Vegas. A bit pricey...service not the best....but that's what happens when you wait til the last minute.
Don't waste your time and money at this car\nwash. The man that greeted me when I arrived was very unprofessional and was constantly trying to upsale me... All I wanted was an simple wash and he wanted me to pay $80 for some detail. Screw that!
I went here with friends for their birthday and I would not reccomend this restaurant at all.  Go home, boil some pasta,  add a bottle of Ragu and you will have a better meal.  The service was good, but the pasta was overcooked and the sauces were tasteless.
Saw girls from other table got big prize in the wheel spinning game but was denied by the waiter. So rude to their customers.
I know and love L.A area pastrami and this place is ok for the high prices. The over price burgers are ok.  They have coke products advertised on menu but only carry Pepsi products. I will not be returning, I will save my cravings for when I go visit L.A
I mean, everything that you can read below is true.  Lots of the cardio machines are broken or performing badly, the staff sits at their desks in the corner and watches everyone (in a strange way) and the layout/carpet/design are outdated.
Loved this place.  The service was great, the restaurant was spotless, the food was really great and it was very affordable.  The Pupusa's were amazing!  I also loved their mango iced tea and the desserts were really tasty as well.
It is what it is.  Overpriced, underwhelming food.  The burgers are ok.  The cheesecake is whipped (i.e., not good).  \n\nI can't believe I spent $70 here.  It makes me die a little to write that.  Never again.
My husband and I went for breakfast.  We won't be back again.  It wasn't bad it just was nothing special.  It has been around forever, the waitress was efficient but no smiles.  The decor is very 70's and never updated.  The price is average.
Too dark and loud. Some tables have very poor views. Food OK but service disorganized. Over priced for the value. Will not eat there again.
My new nail salon.  The entire team is friendly, funny and talented.  Leslie amazes me at some of the details that she recalls from my last visit and Cindy does a great gel manicure.
An older mgm property that has been recently renovated. Is at a good location located next to city center. Reasonably priced rooms for deluxe acommodations and fair restaraunts.
Excellent! Can only comment on the Italian sub and the pastrami  but, both were really good. Loaded with meat! We will be back to try the cannoli!!
Chef John sucks at everything. Luckily for him Anna is a great bartender and is super hot.
We went out for a family brunch one Sunday. This place was great. Atmosphere was nice and the staff was amazing and friendly. The food was great too.
It's an airport, small but had what it needed. Planes.
Been into Indian food lately, a friend suggested this place..i was skeptical because its hard to find good indian food places..however once i tasted the food i was delighted, i have finally found my favorite indian restaurant in Phoenix. The food is very flavorful & rich..
Free, easy access, a paved hiking trail that is 1/3 of a mile long.  Small playground with equipment in good shape.  A perfect place for your toddler!
I can't say enough great things about this place.\nGreat menu selection, great food, great soup, and great service!\nI wish their sister restaurant (which is closer for me) would take notes!\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
Service and food were good.  Nothing to drive out of your way for though.  I will say that after reading the reviews and service issues we were skeptical.  Our service was good, didn't wait long to be greeted, drinks and food all came quickly.  Not sure if we would  cone back there isn't anything unique.....
Great food and great service! The price is reasonable too for Thai food. We'll be coming back for sure.
I mean it's a thrift store so you shouldn't have too high of expectations but I find neat things here every now and then. Then again some days I find nothing but hey what can you expect? Today I got a bag full of cool stuff for 17 bucks so I'm happy. :)
I love Cirque du Soleil. Mystere was fantastic show.
This place is hit or miss for sure, not a big fan though. I like to get my dance on and this place isn't that great for it. Drinks are the same as everywhere else but good luck getting one.
Good pizza, salads and wings. It is nice having it close by when we don't feel like cooking.
Tasty, well-priced Malaysian cuisine unfussily presented and served in next to no time.
Breakfast enchiladas were good but someone put the whole salt shaker in the salsa. This made them hard to eat.
What a disappointment.   The only tea they have is sweet tea.  Very sad.  One order taker two points of sale.  If you want ranch with your onion rings there is an additional charge.   Nickel and dime.
We love this place, the food is great. Being from the Chicago area it's hard to find good pizza here in az, this is our new favorite place for pizza and wings. The staff is always friendly and helpful.
The place is done very nice , the staff is great BUT the food is horrible :(\nFor 2 people we paid $ 150 ,we came home and we ate again . Portions were small and nothing tasted good,\nI really wanted to like this place but unfortunately I will never go back there
Service was very good but the food was very expensive and pretty bland. No salt & pepper to be found :(
Boooo!  Used to love this place but then they got rid of the tomato soup. Tomato soup!  New menu is weak sauce. Dislike!
Helpful and friendly staff on the phone I was looking for balloons but they did not have helium the staff member provided a close alternative
LOVED IT!\n\nIf you are offended by racial jokes that clearly plays on well understood stereotypes, this is not for you. Yes, I'm Asian and everyone there knows the jokes were jokes and we're all intelligent people.\n\nThe show is FANTASTIC! Really enjoyed it.
Overcharged and overfilled.\nThey insisted that my car required synthetic oil which I found out after was not the case.  They overfilled my car with oil resulting in my car leaking oil in the garage for many days in a row.  I am going to the dealer next time.
The employees here are very rude.
Cool decor, I really didn't like what I ordered- but I would try again.
I recently got their tacos and they taste good. The place looks clean and nice inside.
Nope. Don't go. Overrated overpriced. Super long waits and the biscuits are terrible.
I just walked out after waiting upfront for 5 minutes with no one coming upfront to serve me. The girls were giggling in the back and even walked towards the soda machine to try and get in their line if site. There are plenty of other places to eat if you don't want my business.
Big servings but the taste is always a hit or miss. :(
This groomer is very personal in their service and do a great job!  My dogs love going there and always come looking like fresh new pups!
This place is awesome for it's live music and atmosphere but some of the bartenders are dicks. Don't ask for water because they say \"the can't and only serve alcohol\". Even after I told him I was the DD I was still denied.
Went to the peoria location and it's someone's house! Some one thinks they are funny! Bite me!
This is a great place for grooming. The couple who owns the place are very sweet, sociable & professional. Highly recommend this place to everyone!
Understaffed, out of everything. Just waited 15 in the drive through, paid, then was told they were out of everything I ordered. How hard can this be? I will not be back to this location.
I hate the Scottsdale location and Biltmore location is passable. Airport Blanco is superior for both food and service. Ask for Jodi.
Love this place! Great product and good employees. Walked in one day and they had a deal going for $5 you could fill your cup as much as you wanted. That was awesome!
The vegetable choices are out of this world.  Protein, however is nil if you don't eat beans (like chili offerings).  Thus, I can only give it 3 stars.  They took the meat away from the salad bar and that SUCKS.
My husband and I both ordered the Chicken Shawarma to go. Fresh, delicious ingredients. Fast, friendly service. An \"A\" rating. And decent portions for the price. Just needed a bit of salt and pepper, but otherwise it was great.
Food - I will give 4 stars. Wait time is horrible for both online ordering and at the restaurant, thus they get 1 star from me. This has happened to me twice. The last time I just left and went to Muramoto.
This hotel is a great value!  Very clean, nice staff, very accommodating, and they keep their pool area open all night!
i love the beans at this place.  they also have to-go food, which is great.  although, i always end up eating more than i should!
While I do agree with previous posts that some of the staff is a tad rude, I like the environment and the music most of the time.
Mediocre at best. The pizza is bland and soggy. The wings are 99% fat 1% Franks Red Hot sauce( maybe franks buffalo) the bread sticks are actually pretty good. The delivery time can't be beat. Pinos pizza is significantly better.
It's too heavy/fatty for me! I had the foie-gras poutine and the duck in a can, and it's a bit too much of grease! i won't be coming back...but the place has a good vibe, and I can understand why is so popular!
I ate here because reviews were pretty good and I LOVE Chinese food.This place is awful. I noticed the waterchest nuts had mold, after eating half the plate. Then got food poisoning. Hooray! Will never eat here again. Gross!! Worst place I have ever eaten and that says a lot.
Gorgonzola Filet was phenomenal & my Dad enjoyed his turkey dinner last night! Terry was our server and he was great! Definitely asking for him next time we go!!
I went to see Dr Cherkuri for an initial visit. I found him to be knowledgeable and empathetic. They looked busy but not rushed. The staff was overall very friendly and seemed to want genuinely talk to you. Overall it was a good experience.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n6 Food\n7 Service\n8 Atmosphere\n4 Value
Great food, especially the gelato and the breakfasts - but the sandwiches and bakery items are good also.  Can be hard to get a table on weekend mornings,  more so in the winter.
Gotta love the deals. We've gotten the steak and eggs and steak dinner which was $5-7, I forgot the deal, but I know it's cheap and good especially late at night.  I think the deal is only available after midnight? Must go!
Decent place for some fast Mexican food. Reasonably priced for Vegas. Located in the Riviera casino food court.  Good alternative to the over priced buffets. The taco shell was light and crisp... Almost finished the whole thing.  They have margaritas by the yard. 100 oz for about $30.
why go any where else? Food is the best on the strip, best executed,wine list rocks with interesting choices, and the view is well, the best in Vegas
Very helpful and friendly. If you are in the military or a veteran they go above and beyond to help you out. Because I am a veteran, they upgraded my account.
Arby's has to be worst of the worst of fast foods. The meat tastes unreal like it came from a polyester cow or something. I have yet to get anything at Arby's that I like. It is one of those places one goes with the crowd not because you want too.
Good music great service. Been a fan and a frequent customer of the Hollywood Roku. The sashimi was marginal but other specialties were as expected. Also the drinks were better than the Hotel bar!
Yeah food takes a lil bit longer than others places but the wait is worth it.  Food is amazing love the teriyaki chicken bowl
Nice terrace outside. The standard St-Hubert menu, of course. Service was acceptable but not overly efficient. Odd that you can only get white meat (chicken breast) on your salad, no dark meat option. Even odder that a salad comes with a side salad.... yes, you get coleslaw with any salad order.
Cute space, not big on culinary value.  For the winter's months reduce the # of nice tables in the front room, and replace plastic chair and table in back. Hard to have the cozy designed experience of a French cafe when you are literally sitting on top of each other.
I was really disappointed in this place because the reviews were great. No one was there around 4:00pm. The service was great tho! Food was mediocre, Olive Garden is better.
My realtor referred us to Kevin at Prime Spec Consulting and I'm so glad he did. Kevin was extremely thorough, professional and timely with his report. I feel confident that no stone has gone unturned and that we know what we're getting into. I would recommend Kevin to anyone including my friends and family!
A group of my coworkers and I go here every other week for lunch. FYI the blackberry lemonade is to diiiiie for- I order it every time we go. They have delicious healthy options to eat as well! Something for everyone
Not worth the time or your money !
Forgot how affordable and how much I love this place.  Happy hour prices you can't beat
This place is a good restaurant, i agree. \ni go there during lunch when im around the area and it always hits the spot, good job.
Lou came to use within 15 minutes of calling. He was focused, professional, and solved our problem within the half hour. It saved us a ton of anxiety and stress! Thanks Lou!
Decent. Low key. Minimal attitude from patrons and staff.
Such a great place to get some authentic food! I love it, I go for lunch multiple times a week and get the chicken yakisoba. It's amazing. They have really good sushi too. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
High end coffee shoppe with a local \"feel\".
Neelu now does my eyebrows now! She is very nice and friendly. You tell her exactly what you want and she does it! Doesn't rush and takes her time. Which is why my eyebrows always come out nice ! And it's by my house!
Ice cream are super creamy if that's your ideal ice cream (personally not mine) however they give generous scoops and the views along the waterfront outside are great photo shots. Close to water taxi drop off ferry terminal
Spent New Year's Eve here and loved it.\nWhy five stars? Because I kept winning at the slots downstairs. What's not to love!\nThe rooms were nice and large. And I can't stop saying it ... I won! I won! Yay! Happy New Year!
Aweful service. You don't feel welcome at this place. I live close by and thought i d have a place to go if i don't want to drive but they won't see me or my friends, never again!
The place is awful.  The service is incredibly slow.  It took over an hour to get appetizers. It was ridiculous.  I don't recommend...
Great parking. Its a little hidden off the main shopping area but in the center of the megastores. \nFood was good and Gyro seems the the specialty but a mix of food types. Prices good and I'll do it again.
Came for Sunday Funday and had a BLAST! We got an umbrella and lounge next to the pool.  Service was great.  Love the design and there was a good DJ.
I came in to purchase some beauty products and the Clark was a jerk!! I cancels my whole order . Horrible customer service!
Fairly mediocre, even by the relatively modest standards of Home Depot. Unfortunately, this is probably the best you're going to do for hardware in most of Pittsburgh.
The location, nestled between Mummy Mountain and Camelback Mountain, is exceptional, especially for a getaway.  The property itself, rooms and facilities, are upscale but dated.  The rooms are large and feature nice ammenities.  The restaurants were so-so, the food was average and sometimes the service was hit-and-miss.
This place is disgusting. It tastes like they soak everything in margarine. Avoid at all costs.
The smoothies are great, I ask for no sugar because they put a quarter cup in. sandwiches are taste but they microwave the chicken. sometimes they are under staffed and you have to wait a while so give yourself time.
The food was fine, but the service glacial. Not sure about a return visit.
It's a great date night in relaxing atmosphere.   Great food.  Also great for vegetarians.  Great food.
Dale takes great care of his clients.He is extremely professional and very good at what he does.  You will be totally satisfied with your facial, wax service or body treatment.  I am a return client, Awesome services!!
Only been here once before, but going back today. I'm not much of a cook and the people there were very helpful in picking out a good cut of meat and explaining how to best cook it properly, with my skill level. Wish it was open Mondays!
I didn't think I liked Carrot Top, but after seeing great reviews decided to see his show.  I am so glad I did!  It was hilarious.  A must see in Vegas!
Great prices, friendly staff, outstanding selection and quality glass, up there with if not surpasses skyhigh and its all goodz.
The Hampton is the nearest thing to a pub in this area of town. Nice bar area and very friendly staff. Had food once here, but as a veggie there wasn't a huge amount to choose from on the menu.   Has a good reputation for food with local folk though.
Everything we tried was simply delicious.\nInterior is as in an imperial palace.\nA paid of 100 year old trees make for a nice romantic setting.
Was stoked to try this pizza because it seems to have several good reviews.  However, the sausage and mushroom thin crust I had was mediocre at best.  Very bland, not much flavor.
I went to get my new cheap watch resized and the old man there said it would be $10, which is completely reasonable. It took him 10 minutes and he even showed me how to work the watch! He told me I didn't have to pay for it :)\n\nReally great people there!
Giving this place 5 stars for the awesome view and kick ass happy hour. I've never had dinner there but based on the appetizers it will not disappoint!
Amazing experience awesome place very detailed and you can tell there has been a lot of work put into it! Right next to the Capitol building! It has a gift shop it is also a free museum if you have backpacks or other items they aren't allowed past the front desk
This place was so underwhelming that I don't even remember what I ate here, other than what they presented as a cheese platter. This consisted of sliced muenster cheese, like the stuff you get at the deli counter. That's it. Weird. The view is great though.
Great food, great service. Not the best place for kids, but they had a high chair and they were very accommodating.  We'll be back for sure.
the bar tender seemed more focused on flirting with the \"call girl\" sitting next to us than actually helping bar patrons. DEFINITELY WILL NOT BE COMING BACK\n\nOVER PRICED DRINKS
Slightly expensive for just a sandwich/salad/lunch item (can rarely get out of there without spending $8-9) BUT the owners are extremely sweet and the staff is always very nice. Along with that and the convenience to my office, it's tough not to keep going back :)
Hands down the best limo service in Vegas and the only one I use whenever I'm there. In fact I'd say it's the best limo service I've used in the country! Prompt, courteous, friendly drivers and super clean cars, you can't go wrong!
The French toast was amazing and most of the foods are, but it's unacceptable to wait AN HOUR for 2 smoothies and French toast.. I've seen busier restaurants with better service..
This review is based on our experience at the casino. This place seems pretty average to me. The ceilings are beautiful and the music is pretty good. I just didn't like that it smelled like someone had pooped or something. The buffet here seems cheaper. Drink service was pretty slow here.
I Loved se\u00f1or sushi! OMG I seriously couldn't believe how good the food is and how much I enjoyed it.
Worst service I've had in a long time. I usually love Panera but this time the food was bland and the servings were smaller than usual. I waited for 15 minutes for someone to make my drink when there were 3 people behind the counter doing absolutely nothing. Next time, go to a different Panera.
totally effing rude AND their pizza sucked.\nzero stars wasn't an option or else that's what they'd get.
Lyft is amazing!!!  Way cheaper than a cab, drivers are friendly have water snacks and phone chargers!!!! Nice clean cars no smelly drivers and usually less than 10 minutes away. I will never take another cab when I can get a lyft!
So slow. One cashier and 5 customers!!!!!
yum yum yum yum yum. that's all you need to know. service is great too!
The sign says voted the greatest sandwich in America. I thought it was one of the worst I have ever had. I didn't care for it the first time but thought I would give it a second chance. That was a mistake. Just an ordinary sandwich, nothing special. I have been to dives that can make a better sandwich that that.
Stay away.  Avoid at all costs.  Don't move here even if it's free.
This cute little restaurant is quite good. I have eaten here half a dozen times, and will definitely return soon. I love the meatballs, and the pasta dishes, next time I will try a pizza. Check out this place, you will not be diappointed
I don't normally say things are the best but these are the best fajitas I've ever had. Chips are perfect ,salsa is perfect, bean dip is perfect, and the best fried ice cream I've ever had. Plus the service is great.
Quick and tasty Chicken Sandwches. Nothing special
What can I say I love donuts !  Loved the old fashion donuts.  forget about DK.\n\nThey also sell breads.  I m glad that I do not live near  this place.   Heard they might be building a Krispy Kreme in Huntersville.  Oh boy !
This place is great for families and large groups. Also great place for quick eats for lunch or dinner  They always have a variety of pizza on the buffet but if you do not see your favorite pizza they will make it for you.  The employees are always friendly and helpful at this location.
Nice staff, clean, lots of places to watch games etc pizza is not bad and the beer is good, I reccomend this place
Good solid Thai food.  None of their food particular makes this place stick out from the other thai places in the area, but this is a good place for a consistently good food in a pretty convenient location for those in Urbana.
Just came back from getting a pedi, was one of the best  i have had! Left feeling complete relaxed....thank you Leon aka James Bond. Will definitely be a repeat customer
Small, but had the basics with good quality
Its a Target
BBQ beef sand w fries & a Fat Tire.  You can't go wrong.
So good...so so so good!  Be careful not to pick too many things from the carts...it adds up fast.  Five of us racked up $100 bill...so worth it...yummy!!
I hate you.
Holy crap this place is expensive for being in the hood. I had a catfish samich with Mac and cheese and a drink  $20.45 without tip. Ya go to church's or Popeye's if your on Obama care.
If you like the home town cafe feel, and the made by Grandma taste, Lou's is the place! Will go back very soon, again!
Not only are the crepes amazing every time, the staff is also outstanding. I've gone here since they've opened. Never a disappointment and always a great treat!!
We enjoyed the free champagne until 1pm and then we peaced out to find something more our style. If you want a nice peaceful day poolside then this is not the place to go.  If you're looking to show off your bikini body, party, and spend lots of money then this might just be the place for you!
GHETTO!  I had the chili con queso and it was VELVEETA with salsa.  I even asked about it!  I was really disappointed with it.  It distracted me so much, I didn't even order dinner.  I went to the one at the Biltmore.
what Jea J said is all true ,I also retained Mr Pontoni and with poor results.There are more qualified attornies out there that might actually care about you and your case and not be so weak.
Great pho. The noodles can become too soft quickly- so slurp that pho up fast! The egg rolls rock, and the owners are as nice as can be. Please check this place out for the pho and banh mi. This place deserves a look if you haven't been.
I love grand lux. I never had a item on the menu I didn't like. Came here late late night and they were out of bread. The waitress brought us a order of fries to substitute. Try the cream of chicken soup. You'll thank me for it
Kendra is a very good stylist. She gives awesome shampoos and is also a great colorist. Her salon is very personable and in a great location. I would definitely recommend her for all your healthy hair needs.
$750 for glasses that will never fit right.  You have to go in to get them \"adjusted\" every month.  When you do it's hit an miss, with only one thing that is certain: they get annoyed when you ask them to try again.  Not going back....
Pretty disgusting.  It smelled like an ash tray, the air conditioning was on minus 10 degrees, and the Stromboli?  Well, let's just say I gagged in my mouth while I was eating it.  Will never return.
We where the only customers there service was not great... Not impressed by the cup cakes  flavors where ok never going back
Had some hard water spots had trouble getting off wife's suv. Called Brandon made a appointment promptly showed up on time, he had his wife assisting him. They did a excellent job very detailed in there work, her suv looked great. The convenience of them coming to the house was great. Will use the services again!
Worst hotel to stay in period..... It's not safe. They've had 3 different shootings at this casino in the past 2 years and last week they had a fire and has to evacuate and not let guests inside the casino.
Love this place open late, food is always fresh. Customer service is ok but for the most part I'll keep coming back!:)
Neat clean friendly and efficient. Could use more electrical outlets. Good food selections but $$$ prices. Sky train to the lightrail to downtown works perfectly. No need to pay for parking.
The day radio shows have gotten worse ever since Darrell Ankarlo left due to his car accident injuries.\nBruce St. James is a moderate left leaning.\nThe afternoon guys are both Atheists.\n\nKTAR has turned liberal. I only listen to AM 550 now.
Really???!! 6 dollar cover charge for local ladies. You guys don't understand the rules for Vegas locals. Consider this native a very upset customer.
Meh. We actually left one restaurant in Vegas that we weren't particularly pleased with to dine here and were kind of disappointed.  For all the hype this place was quite expensive and they food was not great.  We'll avoid this one next time around.
Employee here is abrasive even cursing at me.  Not your friendly local owned business. \nTh
This place looks like it has had numerous health-code violations and the food is extremely overpriced, meals do not include rice or naan and the dish I had was extremely bland and possibly older than it should've been. Not to mention the service was rather on the pompous side.
Chatted with the manager and our awesome server Melissa, down to earth! The pizza is always good the beer is cheap. Everyone is just down to earth friendly. Def. a new favorite spot for at least a weekly visit. Check it out!
Phenomenal fast gourmet healthy asian in a Chipotle model. I would highly recommend the grilled shrimp w/ the fresh mango kafir. Oh freaking wow! Tastegasm.
Fantastic food. Really cool and clean. Staff is very nice and best part is that they have dollar beers from 7-9 everyday. This is my new local hangout.
The games in the back add a lil something chill. And feeling like ur not out the club trying to have a smoke is chill.
One of the best burger places. The food is good and the prices are very reasonable. When I go back to Vegas I will make sure to stop by again.
Well bellow average Gyros. Soft, tasteless pitas with bland meat and sauce. Seriously, turn the corner onto Wright street and step into Wunderdogs for an absolutely fabulous Gryo. Not the best I've ever had, but easily the best in town.
Do not go here. Horrible costumer service. Return policy from the dark ages...even on unopened nonpersonal item bought just hours before. Surprised they think that they can still treat people this way when there are so many other wonderful options.
Like El Pizzaiolo with the brick oven pizzas at about half the price. I would highly recommend trying just the plain one.
This hotel was okay nothing fancy but did the job!
Nothing makes this pizza stand out. Very bland and bad customer service. There are two entrances an it looks like two separate restaurants but it isn't. These guys also own char. I've seen many restaurants come to this location to die. Good luck boys
Delicious! Best noodle soups we've had outside of Taiwan. The spicy beef is the best! The spicy shrimp was also tasty. You're not paying for ambiance, as your view is the poker tournament area of the casino, but the food is inexpensive and amazingly good.
50 dollars for not well cooled food? So plain and weak it's like how Americans like it. Embarrassing, but the waitress was so nice on point that's why they get 2!
Can't go wrong with Antonio. He has been cutting my hair for over a year now and I won't go anywhere else. The nicest guy and always available for an appointment. Give him a shot and you will not regret it. Best haircut I have long in a long time.
Drove up to Europa to pick up some cakes for a party, store was empty and no sign in the window.
I absolutly had the best time here. I
One of the best sushis I have ever tried. Honestly, this place is amazing compared to other sushi places in Phoenix. The owner was very nice and friendly. You can't go wrong with this place.
yay!!!!\nVery similar to Ohana except closer to us! Yummy bbq chicken!!! And yum yum mac salad! Been 2x!! :)
The cupcakes are super expensive and I've had much better. The carrot cake cupcake had a strong after taste of nutmeg and cinnamon that overpowered the taste. The red velvet were just off... Can't really explain why... I was super excited to finally try this shop and was very disappointed.
Poor service even when they were not busy the night my wife and I had dinner.  The food was bland for \"Asian\" cuisine.  It seems the South Side will always have subpar \"Asian\" restaurants whether it be sushi, thai, chinese.
Staff were more concerned about carrying on their conversations than waiting on their customers.  The food was okay but the kitchen is very slow. Everyone here needs training an attitude adjustment and management. Too bad.
They have a brand new kitchen called Bailey's Place with an unbelievable stuffed burger and these appetizers called zings which were like nothing I had ever tried.  I would reccommend this place to anyone.
Honestly this place is majorly overrated. I stayed in a suite and the furniture is super old, the heater would not work and they had to send someone to the room to fix it. the closet is super small, the towels had holes. I expected more but i was just disappointed. The wynn or encore are so much better.
Came here after having dinner elsewhere specifically for the frrrozen hot chocolate and it did not disappoint! Really delicious and something I will definitely order again.
We arrived once again at San Tan Brewery and  experienced an awesome server Amanda.  Great eye contact, alll smiles and sincere in her demeanor.  Come to find out it was her last day :(  anyway, she'll be missed but there are plenty more awesome individuals who work there :)
Not worth 30 for 2 people. Place was kinda dirty. I mean they sat me next to the vacuum and across the restroom. Not to mention directly Under the ac I was freezing and my food was getting cold.
I guess everyone knows about my wine find here at Fresh and Easy.  I can't find the one I like anymore.
Great waxing!
Yes I shop here. Find great deals here. Believe it or not. Very nice people. I'm here a lot   Will return.
I have pass this place many times driving home from work. I was glad I stopped.  it was very good.  I have hit every Thai place in town.  I would visit this place again.
Really great food and great service. The staff is always friendly. I'd recommend getting the chicken pasta salad, Philly chicken pita, or, if you're really hungry, the curry chicken salad. Also, their lemonade is on point...not that minute maid crap.
Not sure what the love affair is, but people say that to me about Chicfila, so....  I do like it when I eat here, but just never do.   Fries are great, you can tell the buns are quality.  Otherwise, it is a fast food burger joint.
Read the other reviews but wanted to tried out this place anyway. Whatever happened to the other reviewers did NOT happen to my girlfriend and I. Nice little cafe. Dani the server was really nice and refilled our drinks. Food was good, comparable to a dennys. Overall nice little place.
Seriously...you just need to eat here! Hand down the best tortas in town, keeping it simple and serving with fresh hot french fries and a great assortment of salsas. Stop reading this review already. You should be ordering your torta by now!
This pizza is pretty good, but definitely not the best around by any stretch of the imagination.  All the food I ordered was pretty decent quality though.  I will go back when I am in Tempe.
I took in my iPhone which had gotten wet. They told me it was not recoverable but offered me $50 for parts. Later that day a lady called me, using my phone, to tell me she bought it for $100 and it still had all of my data and info!
Fantastic gluten free buffalo wings, though the Alfredo bowl is very bland. Be sure to check out Nami nextdoor after!
The food is alright (not a lot of options), the service is better. Its an easy option to feed us both with whatever we want when we cant agree. The dessert all tastes the same though.
Keep on walking. Make a different choice. \nHorrible fries, we even went back for a do-over. Still undercooked and soggy. Lousy and slow service. Overpriced even for airport vendors.
Nice staff and they let u try the flavors my favorite is the blue raspberry! They were very patient with me while trying flavors
Food was overpriced and not up to the quality I was expecting. We went during restaurant week and was definitely disappointed. Skip this place and go to Chima Brazilian Steakhouse right across the street instead. You'll get much more food that tastes delicious.
What a fantastic breakfast. Service is good and the food is outstanding. Parking can be tricky but with a fun neighborhood like this, who cares? I'll go back here again ASAP!
Amazing beef rib & baby back pork ribs!!! Super cute place & great prices...the outlaw burger was ok..not so great as i expected it to be..
Self Serve Garage had a customer from Arizona. This customer spoke very highly of U-Fix-It-Automotive, its staff, and overall appearance. \nKeep up the good work out there guys!!!! \nAnd send more customers, LOL ;)
Decent way to pass some time with family. In cityscape across from us airways stadium. Not much else to do there during the middle of the day though, also shoe rental is expensive so bring your own if you have them.
Good burgers. Lots of different shakes and burgers. Burped it all though.
Really great - the bento box a ridiculous amount of food - you'll definitely have leftovers.  Great spot for lunch!
Crunchified.  Enough said.  You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try the burgers here this way.  Absolutely delish.
food is always good, drive-through SUCKS, and as with the whole chain, they charge a service fee for using your card.
I used to love this store but it has really gone down hill the last 3 years. My last three visits to the archery counter keep getting worse and after Saturdays poor service I have had enough and won't be back.
I loved this place.. going to miss it terribly!
Had the beef pita, super good! I will definitly be having another gamer meeting here. Cant wait to try the pizza!
The entire staff is awesome here. No matter how busy it gets, they are on top of it. And very friendly. And they have a beer cave - every place should have a beer cave.
Service staff is kind and knowledgable. Good mix of food on the menu. Great beer selection, truly I am just sitting here like a kid in a candy shop ordering all my favorite beers and having my girlfriend try them (she is not a big beer drinker). Definitely recommend coming down on a lazy Sunday.
Ordered pizza. Wet cardboard would have been better. Undercooked dough and bland sauce, no flavor.
Servers were clueless! No menu knowledge.  Terrible service!  Disgusting food. Soggy fries. Expensive for quality. Will never go again.
Un endroit plaisant avec beaucoup de rencontre surtout l'ete. A faire et refaire.
Just ok, nothing special.
Thrift store items at department store prices. Pricing is based upon the brand of  clothing/item so there really isn't a such thing as a good deal here.
Taste of Tops has an incredible selection, but I don't see what all the hype is about. Granted, I attended during a fairly lame Halloween party when the bar was crowded. I'll have to try again.
The food was mediocre. the selection was very limited. my husband thought it was good,is why I gave it 2 stars. The squid was rubbery. the egg drop soup was barely warm and had corn it. Yuck!!
Easy to get to and from where i need to go i travel to NY very frequently and staff are way cool
It is pricey but you get large.portions. the petit filet was cooked exactly as ordered and the lamb was good. The service was  exceptional.  We couldn't appreciate the view since it was dark already
This is located inside Rivera hotel. Its one of the best food to have. Lots of menu.\nThey server South and North Indian dishes. They do make yummy dosa's .\nThey do have lot of seating arrangement though its inside the casino. Served with care.
Love the Benedicts and the Hawaiian breakfasts.
Been a member for 18 months!  Used to go to LA Fitness, but this is my new home.  Only wish they had a pool and racquetball courts
Super long wait and overrated if  you ask me.  Had to wait in line for about 45 minutes and there were probably only about 10-15 people ahead of me.  I might think differently if I was there during the heat of summer, but I'd rather have Baskin Robbins.
So delicious if it weren't for the salt! Holy crap you can make it tasty without over killing it with salt! Disappointed because at first it is so good then the salt started cutting the inside of my mouth :(.
Best burgers ever. Hands down....The food, service, and quality are always consistent and amazingly great. You could eat off the floor of the restaurants if you wanted to.
It's sorta like Denny's but the menu was more creative... and they had real orange juice.\nI wouldn't mind going back again but it will be a while before that happens.
Worst ever this isn't BBQ. And portions the size of childs meal. Good service. Bad food
A little expensive for what you get. By a little I mean alot.
Love this place. It's crowded at night but I find this place lovely for an afternoon. I'm always ordering takoyaki, so I have yet to try anything else. I absolutely love their lychee snow, it's going to be hard ordering a different drink!
The Stromboli was good. Service was very pleasant. The place was dark and old, having to walk through the smoke filled bar to get to the glass partitioned dining room was disappointing....hold your breathe!  Would I go back, probably not. Once and done.
Service is horrible, all of the baristas have an attitude, I've never received the correct order... EVER.  Even after they \"correct\" it, it's still wrong.  This place needs to close. Or all of the employees need to be retrained in how to make a simple drink.
Nobody asked us for help including the greeter. 3 employees walked right passed us without offering to help us, expected more for a Home Depot. Giving 3 stars only because the store had alot of stock on the product I was looking for.
Pretty things, ridiculously expensive.  If you have the discretionary funds to overpay, you'll have fun here!  Otherwise, you can find quality, similar (if not the same) products elsewhere, where they haven't been marked up 400-500% !  Meanwhile, it's a lovely store & enjoyable to visit.
hated to hear that Dr Julie Crawford left this practice.  Wish her well and her patients will be lucky to have her wherever  she goes.
Completly underwhelmed.  I give them 2 stars for quick service.
Had a lovely lunch with my friend. The Scallop roll is to die for! sushiwa is one of my favorite places to lunch in Newer henderson....it is so relaxing and the staff is friendly. The Sushi chefs are absolutely adorable!
Awesome employees, amazing beer selection, you don't get ignored even if they're busy, the food is top notch, it's in a great location, and it's always clean. Can't get much better than that.
I love it here.  A great way to start most mornings for me.  The staff is always friendly and constantly working to improve or maintain the trail. The trail is walkable just be sure to stay to the right to allow faster hikers by and make sure you have plenty of water.  Hope to see you there!
Pretty good little bar with some good beer selections and a decent selection of snacks. As far as the restaurant itself, its so so.  Not exactly sure what identity they are trying to go for food-wise but its nothing to rave about.
Best Vietnamese food in Phoenix, hands down. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the service is pretty bad.
The Mandarin Bar (or Skybar) has a view worth paying for.  This is a great place to kick-off your night.  Pop in here for a couple of cocktails, drink up the view of the Strip, and move on before your tab becomes a wallet-buster.
Not sure, I would really count this as a review, but more of a simple FYI. If your thinking of heading here don't. This place has closed. :(
I had an incredible experience with Sherry! We chose to have our 3rd baby at home, and it was an incredible, amazing dream come true! Sherry's care, warmth, and personal attention were divine. Such a better experience than my hospital births! I recommend her highly!!!
Craptastic service at the bar- But two stars for having Meantime Porter on Draft and tasty deviled eggs. Couldant endure the bar staff any longer so we bailed on this joint after finishing our beers..
These guys just don't make donuts like Dunkin back east. However, the COFFEE is still the best.
I don't always eat Vegan, but when I do it's \"Bronze Cafe\". Delicious, guilt free, creative items that make me wanting more. Highly recommended when in Las Vegas, NV.
Worst service on The Strip. You couldn't get drunk here if you wanted to, I was sitting at the bar with an empty drink and the bartender walked by I don't know how many times without asking if I wanted another.
I love the food! But everytime I get food from there they are not the most pleasant people. I work in the service industry and know what its like to be around a-holes, but sometimes you have to put on your happy place and be excited people are coming in. I will still frequent I just hope they are nicer in the future.
Really cool set up theatre with a circular type seating, which makes it very easy to see the stage from any place in the theatre.  Loads of parking and really organized staff that makes getting in and out of the theatre easy to do.  Awesome place to see a show, never a bad time.
The fact that this location is open on Sundays would be enough to give it 5 stars in my book, but it also happens to be the most convenient, super-affordable way to get great chiropractic care. \nIf you go with the monthly plan, adjustments are $12.25.  It doesn't get much better than that!
This used to be my favorite place to eat Mexican food.. The place gone down, the service is bad as well as the food. They raised the prices and the food was either burnt or half cook.
it was good but it can be better!
I have eaten here before it was pretty good but after watching the owner be a jacka$$ on Hungry investors I won't return ever. You don't ask someone for help then think your a god and treat them like crap when they are trying to invest.
I just don't get it.  The pizza is nothing better than average.  Anyone from NY will tell you it takes much more than a thin crust to make an NY pizza.  The service was very good and the Caesar salad was fantastic.  My quest for good pizza in Las Vegas continues.
Too much food for just one person. The sage fried chicken and waffles should definitely be shared. They are deelish!
Very very expensive! I did not like the sandwich I got which was some gorgonzola, walnut, watercress/celery concoction but my boyfriend enjoyed his roast beef on a roll. Dasani water is $3. Our meal total $23. RipOff.
for $40 buffet on weekend? They got be kidding me.  The service quality went down so bad, the waiter just serve drink & never refill.  Cold crab legs do not help.   I don't think I ever want to come back here again.
The only reason I shop at this store is for their Granola cereal. It use to be $1.99 best deal in town for sure. I went in today and they've raised the price to $3.79. Ugh I miss the old store.
If I could, I would eat here everyday.  The pasties are amazing, the beer selection is quality and the atmosphere is unique, in a great way.
LOVE yogurtini!!!
I had the breakfast, it was mediocre.  They were out of waffle mix which I had already payed for, the hash browns tasted frozen and bland.  Eggs, toast, and bacon was good.  having to wait 10 min after the rest of my breakfast for the waffle was no bueno.
Amazing food. Really bad location. Save up some money and get a better location. I don't wana feel like I might get shot or stabbed after this meal
Very nice outdoor patios ( they have two ). A lot of TVs. Nice beer selection ( 92 to be exact ). A very nice relaxing atmosphere. Menu has something for everyone. California Burger with avocado is very good.
I ate here yesterday and it was ok. I ordered something I normally wouldn't get, but I thought I would be adventurous and got the chile rellenos and cheese enchilada plate. It was ok, not a big fan of their enchilada sauce on everything. But every other time was great
$4 dollar sandwich the meat is chewy and hardly any meat ,give me this sandwich for 1 dollar , I still would not eat it.no customer service.
Gross! my warm sandwich was cold, no meat Cold cheese, cold veggies...hardly a cheesesteak. Didn't even ask if we wanted anything else on it. I will not be returning. gross.
I used to work here and served table. Now I'm enjoying myself having a dinner at Buca. Linguine frutti de mar still the best and my fav dish so far.
A little AC would be nice in here. They have a little TV and the owner was clearly training a younger kid on the cash register and what food came with each order.\n\nIt is a very simple place to go in, grab a bite to eat, and jet.
A small restaurant located inside the Baiz Grocery story. The food is not that bad, although I have not tasted enough of the dishes...The meat pies and chicken shawarma were the big deals for me and I really like them.
So rude!!!
Arrived 5:30 waited for 15 minutes and still no service, so i gave up. Left unserved. Went to San Tan Flats a few miles down hunt highway 100% better.
We saw the billboard on the highway for the Henderson location, but it took us 2 months to stop. I wish we had stopped sooner. What a great lunch meal. Prices are reasonable (except $2.95 for a pop). Good service, and lots to eat.
Great food!!! The French dip is to die for!! Great Service! Clean and fancy especially for the area it's located in!  Def a hidden gem! My husband and I both love going here and can't wait until next time.
My Mother bought some Black Patent Bianca Pumps for my Birthday dinner here. Sales girls were rude and not very knowledgable about heel styles. They couldn't even answer basic questions about release dates and materials. Go to Caesars Palace Louboutin Boutique instead! She loves her shoes BTW!
This place is a very chill wine bar. Came here after flying in for work and wanted something that would be light, have a good wine selection, and a nice outdoor patio/bar area. Daily Dose fulfills each of those items. \n\nYou MUST get the bruchetta plate.
I don't understand what all the hoopla is about. The food was lousy. The ribs tasted like the cow had mad cow disease. The sauce was weak. Overall, the food is overpriced. I've gone to this place twice and all I can say is I loved the beer!
I was here to see Purple Reign and we got here too early.  Place is dump and dirty but the people are nice and the tables are cheap.  Don't expect state of the art slots.
Man, these folks are super!! Cant say enough good about htis place
Had dinner with my wife and son on New Years Eve.  Place was not crowded yet dinner was not nearly as good as it used to be.  Lobster and Rainbow roll were small, chicken yaki soba was horrible.  Service lacked too.  Lots of other great choices in the area.
Super friendly and attentive staff, the turkey in the sub I purchased was fine, but the rest of the ingredients were low-quality bland central and very little selection. \n\nWouldn't go back, sorry.
You will find Ellis Island beer at the brewery, Village Pubs and various Metro Pizza locations.  What I cant ever put my hands on is their signature egg nog that is available around the holidays.
The food was not bad and the service was pretty good but they had the worst draft beer selection in the valley. If you are coming here for the booze and karaoke do yourself and go somewhere else. The beer selection is seriously lacking compared  to the surrounding bars/restaurants.
The chips and salsa were good, but we must have had the slowest server on staff. The food was okay, but not anything to write home about. The place is always busy, so maybe I caught it on a bad day... I'm not sure... Not sure I will give it another chance.
I love you!!!! My favorite vegan restaurant, great food, and amazing staff. Thank you =D
Other than the really great happy hour prices, its hit or miss with this place. More often a miss. :(\n\nThe food is less than average, the drinks NOT strong ( at least they are inexpensive) , but the service is truly hit or miss.\n\nI'll pass.
Elite nails does a fantastic job, especially for the cost! I love the experience of going\nHere. My pedicure always lasts for a long time. The manicure is much shorter life, but for the price you can afford to go more often!
a great quick spot to grab a sandwich and a salad.\nthey let you sample any of the soups which is quite a menu\nI think it was very reasonably priced and they even throw in a free\nchocolate covered strawberry\nyou cant beat that for a quick lunch spot
This is not the same quality as the Jersey Mike's we have in san diego. The roast beef wasn't rare at all and portion was not what I am used to. Overall the sandwhich was good.
It's your typical mall... just in Vegas.  Great selection of stores but other than that its nothing special for something on the strip.
Green Chilli on Fry Bread  - So tasty!
This is a standard gas station and not really worth reviewing. I just wanted to say that if you can, avoid this station. It's super sketchy at night--lots of unsavory characters lurking around. I definitely kinda feel unsafe, so head elsewhere to fill up if you can, especially if it's nightime!
This buffet is alright. Very clean place and pretty much everything comes in it's own contain, which is kind of neat and makes for a neater presentation. The food quality is pretty good for a buffet. Nothing award winning here in my book. Personally, it is not something I would go out of my way for.
Delicious food would definitely come again just for the food but very slow service.  When my Husband and I sat down we waited 10-15 minutes to even get a menu and once we were ready to order took forever for someone to come over to. Other then that was great.
I personally Love Panera their food is different and tasty, Love the steak sandwich at breakfast, Frozen caramels are delicious and staff is great!
This place is so gross but has a good comedy show.
North Tower a bit run down. Clogged sink, mold growth on the ceiling, non smoking room smells of smoke, bed shows obvious signs of wear. Needs updates ASAP.  Will not stay here again till repairs are made.
Great burger nice mix of Angus and Chuck with excellent seasoning. ..slaw was good..I'll try the Potatoe salad next time. .even a can of vernors.  Nice murals on the walls..
If you want to wait in line for horrible overpriced food and bad service here is the place. Do not go here.
Been here a few times; happy hour is cool but u get what u pay for...the rolls are ok..,not exactly the freshest or eye appealing but it's ok and it's 50%. Service is pretty good too, a nice Asian lady at night usually serves us.
Sux
It's a great late night stop. It's perfect after a night on the tables. It slides down great after a fun fill night of Coronas.
Not a fan of this hotel except the buffet and the Forum Shops. Staff unfriendly, rooms old, plumbing problems and bad atmosphere. \nCan't understand why people would stay here instead of the Bellagio.
This place has a great selection of flavors and seems to change regularly.  I have tried over 10 different flavors, and I have never been disappointed.  It is also a great place to go for a cool snack when the outside temperature is 100 degrees or more.
Pharmacy is entirely too slow.   This is a busy place.  Either need faster workers or more of them
Amazing service ... Quality to the tee!!! I will never go anywhere else live the house and and I'm always treated like family verses just a client !!
They take too long to bring out food for AYCE and the rice seems like its old. They didn't take our order for a long time. I didn't get my last order. Dessert took forever to come out also.
I give five stars because of excellent service. Nice pizzas and sandwiches and above all fantastic service
Delicious omelet's on Mother's Day bomb.
I am not a big fan of this place.  I think it may be for the fact that they use sweet pickles on the burgers.  Also I didnt care for there barbecue sauce.  I like other burger joints for the value.  This place if expensive
Sigh, so much for my favorite pizza place.  \n\nI'm not sure if the place changed hands, I didn't see Pino when I went last night.  The service was very slow and the pizza was so disappointing.  I used to love this place and now I'm not even sure the pizza's average.
fantastic eatch concoius place. The tuna salad is out f this world and all of their smoothies rock! So grateful for Pita Jungle!
This is hands down my favorite place for tacos now. Every choice of meat is excellently prepared and delicious. Whatever your tastes desire, you can not go wrong here. Highest recommendation.
Cheap gas and good location but once my membership is up I'm not renewing.  It's frustrating that they don't accept Visa or Amex, which couldn't be less convenient for me.  I can't shop here without my husband for that reason.
Delicate and artistic presentation of food. Beautiful restaurant. Top notch service. That's exactly how fine dining should be....
It took me 27 days to get my glasses the reason was the frame got lost? I will think twice to recommend any friend and I don't think going back to Optic Gallery the worst they not even apologize.
This place almost sucks. I have never been impressed with the food. It gets really  crowded during happy hour due to food and drink specials. If not for the happy hour, which is not really that good of a deal, I expect this place to be empty and out of business soon. Elephant bar and restaurant is not for me.
Overpriced Ok food.. a few bad/fake servers (grim reaper  tattoo girl)
Fast delivery and great specials are 2 reasons to order this when you don't feel like cooking and are not in the mood to ,eave the house.
Great service great food! The pizza isn't for everyone so if your a jerk who likes dominos you won't appriciate this amazing pizza! It's thinner than humble pie (at least the rustica) but not as thin as sauce ( which is nowhere near as good as this place) GO NOW!
Hadn't been here in a while and it was very yummy. Glad to see the recession didn't drag the quality down like at so many other chains.
Expensive coffee.
I used to eat here regularly, but a poor customer service experience left me with a bad taste in my mouth. So congratulations Napoli, a long time, regular customer is gone.
Gym is a good value, my only thing is the wifi never works which may be enough to make me walk
I am sorry I hadn't been here before. From the outside you have no idea what hidden treasures are inside. Everything we had as appetizers and our meals were great.  I love the new variety to our palettes. I highly recommend you come here.
Barron's has been our pizza joint for years!!  The pizza has not changed in the last 15 years & is great. The boneless wings are mouthwatering, we always order both & they show up within the allotted amount of time. Support your local pizza joint & order from them!
Amazing!!! Love it. Hummus is the best.
Tasty! The chips and salsa should get 5 stars. The other food was pretty good too and service was great. Try the queso!
Why is it that no matter how many times I let JJ's know of problems at this store the only response is to send me a gift card. Now I appreciate a free lunch but I REALLY appreciate my order being made correctly. Freaky Fast how about THIS store work on getting it freaking right.
Fabulous pizza and only 6 bucks for a large cheese?!?!?! I love this place.
Signature pan roast is pretty good! The oysters were not so fresh.... =( \n\nI've been coming here for so many years, but the quality of the oysters have been going downhill.... I'll have to find a new gem. Any suggestions?
Food is great but service is terrible. This is one of my favorite restaurants, but this location doesn't make the grade. Waited 15 minutes in an empty restaurant at 1:30 for a bean burrito to go. Seriously...
I mean, it's free. Why wouldn't you go?\n\nA pretty impressive collection of artwork and it's easy to just wander around and get lost in the collections.\n\nI would definitely recommend it to anyone who has the time.
Food was just ok. Waitress was a little slow after checking In the first time. Beer was nice big but NO COLD GLASS. My wife liked the fish & chips and said they were pretty good. This was a Thursday night so the place was not that busy. We were there about 8:00.......
Definitely not quiet by any means but it is a great place to go if you are looking for something more upscale than the local tavern. The martinis, of course, are to die for and the servers are always a joy to be around!
They have added a great deal to their menu int he last few months, the food has been a great upgrade. When one considers their great beer, headlined recently by the award winning Mecktobberfest (Great Amercian Beer Festival), this place is awesome
Gluttony at its finest. You will feel like one of those poor ducks being stuffed with food, who knows you may be on the menu next (jk). Everything there is great. This is one of Montreal's finest dining establishments.
BEWARE there is a $100 security deposit at check in that the website may not tell you about. That's is in top of the $15 charge.
Beautiful presentation, creative dishes, fun to experience, too expensive for the amount of food received. I shared a chocolate dessert that was insanely small and didn't even allow for sharing. Love the Cosmopolitan, love Jose Andres, love the concept. I even love tapas. But the portions need to increase to match the price.
Excellent food. Portions were right-sized - not too big. I had the fish, which was well-spiced with habenero.  I agree with the other reviews that service is really slow, though I'm not sure why.
I am thinking people are writing reviews for the atmosphere and not the food.  The food is not good.  You go for the adventure of it but not the food.
This company is very unethical.. If you are looking to be treated like an idiot and not get your phone calls returned I would  highly recommend wardley. Thank god for Yelp AND THANKS FOR NOTHING WARDLEY!
This is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. It's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. The food is fun and tasty. I recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings.
Once in a while I'll go here with some of my male friends who also happen to be gay and I have always felt welcomed.  I appreciate that!  Plus the drinks are affordable and there is no cover charge, can't go wrong with that!
Good place and delicious food! Great atmosphere for a quick breakfast or brunch and nice thick bagels. Good for bringing to the office or sitting down to eat.
dang!!!! i love eating with my hands...and IT DOES NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS!!!
Went for dinner with folks. Service spotty, starters awful, main course was OK. Mom ordered Chardonnay, for which the only descriptive word she could find was \"Ganges\".\n\nI am told that lunch buffet is good. I would not recommend for dinner.
great place. awesome ambiance. the servers were top knotch....not to mention the ladies that were coming in and out. Its something out of the movies. Somewhere I will be going back to for years to come for sure
The only good thing going for Imperial Palace.  Tip: bring your AAA or military ID for free admission. Lowlight: walking through the casino to get there.
This is the worst chipotle that I have been too! The service wasn't all that good, and the portions were the smallest I've experienced. \nThe chipotle Location on Sahara is much better!
Looks a little dodgy from the street, but I have to say the pho here is awesome!  Could not have asked for more.  I'm thinking about stopping in tomorrow as I write this.  Great meal!
About as bad as it gets. I have two service contracts that contracted with sears, both times the service tech went to the wrong address and refused to call to verify address.  After almost an hour on hold, sears off shore rep could only schedule a repair almost a week later.  Sears is terrible, stay away.
Horrible customer service.  I was canceled on 8 minutes before a yard design meeting that I took time away from my job to be home for. I was told he just got out of a meeting and then he'll be out of town for a week?? This is the same type of excuses I've heard from previous contractors
Im gluten Free and was able to find a lot of food I could eat. WOW massive and lots of choices. You cant go wrong eating here. I was a fan. The food is fresh and tasty
Steak and Shake is comfort food for me since it's so popular in Florida. I'm just disappointed there's no breakfast menu at this location in Vegas
I liked the food. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The chefs all were rather unskilled compared to others I've seen. Ah So in Arrowhead and Hayashi in Litchfield Park are better choices.
Decent food. Good lunch price. Turned off by the \"meh\" decor and as we dined in, it was all disposable containers. Really low frills. Don't think I'll return.
Best pizza this side of Napoli.   Just the right sauce and cheese.  Perfect wood oven crust.   Excellent starters. What else can I say !!!
Chuck was great for my husband and I. Allowed us to lay on many mattresses even though we walked in at closing. (We didn't realize it until I started to Yelp) Chuck even left us alone to talk and go back and fourth from mattress to mattress. The experience was so enjoyable without any pressure.
It's OK. A buffet is a buffet.
Great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.
Horrible service\nThe old lady that rings up is a thief. When brought to attention she refuses to listen and starts yelling at you in another language. Horrible customer service, will not  be returning.
Best kabob place in the area! Service is quick & it's always hot & fresh. We always start with the hummus. I order the chicken skewer and hubby orders the combo skewers. The bell peppers and onions are delicious too.
OMG save yourself time, money and nerves and go to a professional auto service business!  Worst service ever!
These guys are awesome!! Always help me out when I need it and extremely friendly. Big shout out to Gabriel, worked wonders for me even on his first day. Thank you!
As with most outlets it can be hit or miss. This locations usually has a good selection, and unlike some other locations it's pretty well organized. The workers came around every so often to ask if we needed help.
This place is out of business.
Food is not bad, service is good and bad, depends on what time during the day you are going. But this is the BEST place to get Boba in AZ!
Are the hash browns supposed to be almost raw in the middle and taste kind of fishy?  Everything else was okay but those hash browns needed some serious help.  I think this movie on tv right now called \"Big Miracle\" is better.
Do not be fooled this place has very little seafood it's a Chinese buffet. The crab legs that they offer you have to fight for and they taste old or have been boiled too long. I brought my kids here for a special dinner and was severely disappointed in the quality for the price. Never again.
Wow ! Day after Xmas and only 4 regular registers open. Lines are at least 20 deep. This is why I hate coming to Walmart
Servers friendly, but service was slow.   Food was not worth eating.   Have had much better Mexican food elsewhere.
Came here on Christmas eve because of all the hype. The price is an upsale restaurant, but the food is mediocre and the atmosphere is like a musty old sports bar. I didnt think anything was great about the place. Reminded me of a cafeteria. There are far better restaurants in the valley for the price.
I toured this location for my son. We decided not to attend because we found better care/education and a bit cheaper not much further from this location.\n\nIt was clean,busy,organized and most of the staff was very friendly.
I had Juan at Snail Motorsports install my Eisenmann Race exhaust on my 2008 BMW M5.  He did a fantastic job and treated my car as if it was his own. He took great care of my baby.  I would highly recommend his shop!
Various options depending on what you're shopping for. They now have these ANNOYING motorized stuffed animals that kids sit on and drive through the mall. Wouldn't be a big deal except they're weaving through the crowd. Watch your surroundings!
Quick, easy, good. Took it to go for a late night snack.
Buffet is OK, but not great. \nBetter choices in town. \nIf you insist on going, show up early evening to avoid a line.
First time here and we love it! Not too crowded, and it's about 11 minutes from where I live! It's great!
Hole in the wall. Great pho. Great Vietnamese food period. Don't expect most of the serving staff to speak English though. But the place is filled with tons of Vietnamese people.. Which I always take as a good sign. Ask for Hung. Best sever ever :)
Save yourself and try somewhere else. The taco and relleno plate was just horrible. A mush of egg and bad cheese. Taco was dripping oil.  My sister's huevos rancheros weren't much better.  Bland tomato sauce.  There is better food out there.
Worst TSA Security I've ever experienced.  Rude and lazy staff, took forever and it was due to being inefficient.
Brand spanking new CFA in the Arcadia area!! Location is a little cramped, but they've handled the traffic flow..making the only entrance off 44th street. \n\nTypical CFA food - tasty chicken and poly sauce\nAlways exceptional customer service. :)
quieter, alot quieter\n\nmore for the older generations\nlower rates on rooms\na good place to visit
Unfortunately quality suffered the past 2 years, but still a good place to grab a quick lunch while in the area.
Possibly the worst Korean BBQ experience I have ever had! TT
Yes its a chain but for the money, this place is one of the best chain restaurants if not the best I know of.  The wait staff is great and good looking and the food is awesome and priced well.
It took over two hours for our lunch here and it wasn't even busy.  When the food finally came it was bad.  We never received an apology.  The prices are cheap, but it's not worth it.
total dive, very small but fun and they have great wings!
Horrible customer service. Even with an appointment, I waited 30 minutes to be helped, person kept taking care of people after me!! Then, they kept trying to add services telling me I needed things that I didn't. What a bad experience. Go elsewhere!!!!
Bad service - rude and condescending wait staff. \nBland wine. \nBad food - everything was over salted and greasy. \n\nCaters to GLBT. Not my thing. \n\nWon't be back. Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
Friendly staff. Good Irish brews and food. Had breakfast here with a friend. The sausage with the bangers and mash was excellent. I had the lox which was pretty great too
Really good food. Wings, a sandwich, and a pizza were ordered for delivery,  it took over an hour, which is the reason the 5th star is missing. Had I been told, I would have picked it up.
Great place to run
Came by today and they are Closed!  Permanently closed since the end of October per the sign on the door.  Bummed because they were so convenient and my primary care physician is never available.
Michelle is by far the best server here.  When you go to this Outback be sure to ask for Michelle if she's available.\n\nDuring the holiday's get a Gingerbread Martini.  Yum!!
Stacey is wonderful.  Great service, very close to downtown.
Delivery? Not unless you live within walking distance! This Jimmy Johns only delivers within a MILE radius, and the customer service sucks. Not a great idea to come to San Tan Valley and offer delivery, and then limit it to a MILE radius.
i have loved this Chinese restaurant for the past ten years these guys know how to make hot and sour soup and the strawberry chicken is not only one of a kind but delicious.
A really fun place to shop! Knowledgeable, passionate staff, great selection, competitive prices.
The food is good but service was slow and had to keep asking for meats to come to the table. Seems like they are understaffed. Over all good place and good food but service needs improvement
This is my favorite place for Japanese food. The prices are reasonable, the service is great and the food is wonderful!
Great selection. Worth checking out the vintage upstairs. Good sales selection and $1 headbands. Wee!\nFun staff, not pretentious.
Used to be really good. They've had a big turn over in personnel and now you have to go all over the car and check. It takes twice as long. Today it was over an hour
Awesome service!! Awesome food!! Awesome prices!! for the last 10 years this place has always hit the spot!! i used to go to the one in south phoenix but have started going to this one when i found out about it a year ago.
Pizza and service were good service, didn't care much for the appetizer and salad menu. Might go back for pizza only.
Until we discovered Sun Asian, we were going to Pan Asia down the street. Sun Asian is fast, friendly, and has GREAT food. They are very attentive and friendly. They always have our lunches out quickly as they are conscious of our time crunch. Very good lunch specials and much less expensive than the alternative.
We stayed at the MGM Signature, but found us spending most of our time at NYNY instead of MGM. I can't speak about the rooms, but we loved their casinos. Our favorite blackjack dealers were here and I had a great streak of luck at the slots here. We will consider staying here for our next trip.
The food was terrible and salsa was the worst I ever had, very bland and boring. Overall not a pleasant experience.
Was here for the first time today and found lots of great stuff from as little as a pound.Ended up getting quite a few singles.Will go back again, and for some of the more specialised singles that I am looking for will use the online service.
It's really a \"Hate it or Love it\" type show I think. I would probably say for the first hour watching practically naked men and women jumping around would have been sufficient, but no they extended it with some guy bouncing around looking like a goat!
Universitaires, musique des ann\u00e9es 90, burger g\u00e9n\u00e9reux et frite Belge. Un classique!
Great Mexican food and good prices. The food was excellent and the drink specials were awesome! Highly recommend this place!  We split the fajitas and has the local beers- all was excellent. Fun friendly staff!
Hands down the best, real italian food you could ever eat. My girlfriend and I eat here every time we visit las vegas, and ive been true to all of batalli's retaurants since living in New York. Every bite is loaded with flavor.. Now I gotta visit Mozza in LA!!!
Went here to see memorabilias and to visit the Rock Shop.....they've got cool Hard Rock gear - I ended up shopping for my Christmas list here.
Never again. Chef brought strawberries and drop it on the floor. Picked it up and places it back on the display. Gross!!
NOt a fan. Very strange place with mediochre food. The marsala sauce was thick and cold. The staff was not very friendly and the service was sub par. I will not be returning.
Il Bosco was awesome! Quality ingredients, great service and authentic feel. We appreciate the attention to detail.. from the custom olive plates to the herb garden outside. When it comes to pizza there are many choices...but this is the right one! We will be back soon!
WOW! Hummer was in bad condition, AC didn't work well. Pay the extra money and go with a professional company. Very disappointing.
Always worth a visit when in Montreal. Can be crowded and you might have to wait if no reservation but the food is authentic and the vibe is\ngood.\nStay with the traditional French dishes and enjoy yourself.\nAlan/ New York
This place was so unorganized and such a pain in the ass to deal with. Nick who claims to be the manager was so rude to my bachelor party and wasn't helpful at all when I offered some suggestions. I will definitely not be back- nor will I suggest this place to anyone.
They are in the middle of revamping the parking near the terminals.  Easy peasy airport.  The food options are lacking, but I imagine they will fix that eventually.  How about some of that well known NC BBQ in the terminals??
As far as buffets go in Vegas, this one is in my top 3.  Prices are fair compared to other good buffets, service is great, the selection of food is great, and the food itself is outstanding.  I also love the dessert selections, very plentiful.
Perhaps we went on an off night.  What I remember were about 40 small, difficult to eat (unsatisfying) mussels and my dining partner having severe g.i. pain from the gnocchi that was smothered in butter.  Seriously blah.  Charming decor, though.
This place is awesome! High end and big.  Tons of designer stores.
First of all the bread they give you as a free appetizer is fabulous... not healthly but amazingly good.  Menu is very diverse and love the specials they have on drinks and food.  Great service.
Usually get a pizza, but today I went with the meatball hoagie. Awesome sandwich. Mix of mozzarella and provolone cheeses, good size meatballs with an awesome marina sauce. 6\" was plenty to fill me up!
Food is decent, service was slow, ambiance is nice
The 3 star is because of the location and flavors.  If I was ranking the toppings bar it would be a 2 star.  Not very fresh or appealing.  It will do if you have a craving while out hitting up the outlets but if I had a choice I would drive to the many other offerings around the Phoenix area.
This place tastes like Steak & Shake. The only thing different that I can think of is the Haagen Dazs milk shakes, the presentation of the food, they also serve beer.
I really liked my peppercorn poutine. My friends just had regular poutines and were not wowed to the same extent, but maybe they are just less excited by poutine than I am overall.  Average service, nothing special - once we got our food we never saw anyone again until we went inside to get our bills and pay.
We ordered the sweet sticks from this place and it was not that tasty.  I think I like Auntie Annies better.  The gourmet carmel apples looked great but expensive... $12-apple!
ordered a kong pao chicken, tastes awfully sour, nothing like authentic szechuan food. I ordered a large, tried hard to eat as much as possible to show politeness, failed.
Zero Stars. Zeeeee-ro.\n\nLogged on today to pay my bill and find its gone up $7 just for internet. Happy New Year, from the cable company.
Every CVS I've been in looks so empty. It's not lively at all. This is just like the rest of them.
the burgers are tasty, but i can't imagine any meal they sell here being less than 1000 calories.
Picked this based on the two reviews. Its been 45 minutes since we saw our server. No appetizers yet. There are two servers and six tables. We have watched two orders go back to the chef, worried about our food. Food came, recommend burgers or sandwiches.
Pros: superior service, delicious food, and very good margaritas.\nCons: ? I can't think of any\nThe Spotted Donkey is an amazing restaurant...from the greeting at the oversized door till we exited...WOW!
Got a reco from a friend to check this place out and so glad we did!  Loved the atmosphere and decor of this place.  Our waiter was one of the nicest guys ever and was charming in a non-obnoxious way.  I would definitely make a reservation here though, as it was packed.  Loved it!
Absolutely fantastic service, fantastic food, and wonderful atmosphere!  We will be back, without a doubt!
IMO best place for brunch at Red Rock (I am not a buffet fan.)  We had a very nice brunch here with a large group (25 people).  They seated us outside, weather was perfect, and the server went out of his way to keep up with all of us.
7/20/13 My wife and biked to One Barrel Brewing Co.  It's a great space.  The beers we tried that day weren't tickling our palate, but the \"nano\" brewing concept is great.  We wish them every success.
I absolutely love this place! I had the chicken quesadilla and it was freakin' huge! I also ordered the fried plantains which where also really good. I cannot recommend this place enough!
How desperate are you to eat something before boarding your flight?  I think the fast food options like Burger King, Sbarro, and Blue Burrito Grill are better choices in this airport.  This place really stinks. \n\nThe food is terrible (chum).  The service is equally bad.  Ouch.
You can not find a better Optician than Sherwin. He knows his lens and frames. His prices are very fair.Best of all, he is a fine gentleman, and a pleasure to deal with...
Wow combo pan roast was incredible. Line is long but worth the wait. The sourdough bread and butter was a match made in heaven. Menu seems to have changed didn't see calamari as app. They also have $3 dollar draft and wine special after 1am.
so so smoothies, a little bit pricey
Excellent quality but perhaps a bit pricey and the portions are  tiny. Nice setting though and service was outstanding. Would definitely go back just for the tableside guacamole.
Awesome cheap and fast
Always find a good bargain.  The food court is nice too. Enjoy coming here to enjoy shopping and sunshine when i visit Las Vegas.
Please avoid this place...the most horrible food ive ever tried and soo expensive! Almost threw up on my way out! Wongs place in tempe is the place to go! Real food!
One would think with semi mid prices like this the menu would be better printed and not missing letters. Food was meh service was meh. Got here a little after 930pm, they close at 1030 and tildbus we need to be done by then.... yea prob not gonna come back after this. . .
Food is exceptional. Fish is fresh. Drinks are cheap. A little slow sometimes, so have a drink and chill.
Had a great experience here. Our chef had lots of fun with the meal and put on a good show. Food was fantastic and a large portion. Great time all around.
Don't know what happened, food ordered didn't show up, zero service, went there for lunch and couldn't leave because waitress I was nowhere to be found to get the check.  Probably won't be there again ever.
$8.25 for a little Bloody Mary, well Vodka. You make the call
Great for the price. Somehow, we got lucky and for $65/night we got a balcony suite. HUGE rooms, fridge, microwave, and a two-person jetted tub! We should've invited 10 of our friends! \n\nAlso, complimentary breakfast from 7-10am. Fabulous!
Decent food. Known for the portion side. Flavor was alright. With as many spots there are in Vegas, I doubt I'd come back again.
Ok for a quick lunch. The server was nice, but the food was average at best.
loved it!!
Great place for coffee and hanging out with friends. The staff is wonderful and John and Aurelia (the owners) are outgoing and fun. The food is tasty and changes with the season. You have to try the pulled pork. John smokes it himself on Saturday mornings.
This place is a real $hit hole. A $10 burger that you would send back at a $5 hamburger joint. Overpriced beverages. Dirty picnic tables. Not sure why anyone would want to come here.
solid meal. pickles were a novel touch I wasn't used to. Steak was good but not great..
Quality of edible product: not good\nQuality of service: not good\nEnvironment: very loud in front room, dead fish in bowl behind sushi bar\n\nI would never eat here again unless they were taken over by new ownership.  And then they would get one chance.
If you go on a non-busy day, their happy hour is awesome on their rolls and drinks! Waiters are always short staffed though.
This is a perfectly nice place, especially to enjoy a meal on the outside terrace on a lovely evening. Located in a pedestrian area, it has a relaxing atmosphere and it's a great spot for people watching. I ordered the gazpacho and steak with frites. Both food and service were good. Nothing remarkable, but definitely a good value.
I love this gym. There are so many things to do from weight lifting to training. The atmosphere is great. People there are nice and will help you out if you need it. My kinda a place to workout
I am happy to report they have brand new spin bikes which is really nice.  Also they did put more morning classes on the schedule.
I like this place for various reasons: its clean, its location(right on central). I love watching the light rail sitting on the patio. The food is great too.
Came here today to buy a new bra. Did not end up getting one thanks to the despicable condescending wretch who was working the fitting room. This woman should not have a job working with people.
Goofy owner/manager.
The hotel does not suffer from that crazy smoke smell that a lot of casinos do.  Some of the restaurants are a little to crazy crowded in the morning so they really need to get their food act together so people can go back to gambling quicker.  : )
Very yummy breakfast. The wait staff is very friendly and made the experience even better!
Went during lunch on Saturday. Food came out in too many phases. Corn then rice then calamari then shrimp basket. Pretty simple menu but flavorful.\nI would recommend for folks on a budget but still want decent seafood
Don't bother. Food is bland. Service is eh. I ordered 4 enchiladas, they came on four separate plates which was a little awkward. If you get stuck there, go with the shrimp or Cajun fish.
Good food... opinion finely dice your Jalepenos in your cream cheese, slices of them yuk! It wasnt spicy either... add some of the seeds.
Went here for lunch expected amazing food however recieved mediocer food and our service was aweful. She started off well and never followed through. I don't recommend it unless service improves.
Delicious! I got tacos, nachos, and fries. Everything's was tasty and I wasn't even drunk.
Not big on strip clubs, but this place was radical! I had a super fun time. Thanks Candy.
The dreamsicle shaved ice is delicious and it comes with Thrifty ice cream in the middle. I love that they give out buy one get ones (bOGoS) and the prices are great for the value. Thanks Polar Snow for keeping the summers cool!
I enjoy going to HOP South.  The food is always great. Love the turkey wings and all of the freshly cooked veggies.  Parking can be a challenge sometimes...but for the most part whether eating in...or getting a meat and 2 to go it is a great lunch spot.
I don't see how a business can justify random and large price increases with impunity. They've just never figured out how to be a good at customer service and provide a value for what you get.  Truly ridiculous.
Finally tried Joes after moving to Gilbert from Chandler and WOW I am glad I did! This is the REAL DEAL!
They have great crab cakes here, the sauce comes with it is awesome......but the other food is just so so...
This place has gone downhill steadily over the years. I am giving one star for the new range balls and the new mats. This place is a ripoff and they turn the lights off at 9pm (what a joke). This is vegas not sun city.
I love this place . I go there every time I am in Vegas ! They have many varieties of delicious jerky and great bulk candies as well.....win win!!
Golden medium wings are amazing
cheezy nightmare
Drive thru is soooo sloooowww...  you would think I would just learn to go inside....
The restaurant is busy but the food is so so so. The sea bass is not fresh, and the pasta is hard. The Olivers are huge and the seared eggplant is Mexican flavor. The service is actually good but it can not cover the food quality.
A definite hidden Gem!! \n\nThe wife and I stopped in for lunch one day and I instantly knew this was going to become one of my go-to's. The product is fresh, the portions are generous, and the staff is friendly. Well done and welcome to the neighborhood!
The Tuna Tartar appetizer was just brilliant.  It couldn't have been better in my opinion.  The service was top notch.  Great location for hosting clients!
I don't understand the regular bustle and patio crowd here, except for maybe the wine.  I thought the sandwiches were just so so, unmemorable.\nthe tea as well.
Outstanding food, and my man Bank is an excellent server.  The chili lime squid is superb. Love this place.
Good wings. They always have drink specials.
I am not a buffet connoisseur by any means. I did enjoy this buffet. The food was good with a good selection. I had the champagne breakfast. Wasn't in the mood to drink after the night before, but because I was forced to pay for it, I had a couple of bubbly champagnes.
Joe was able to get me in at the last minute to tint the front 2 windows on my SUV. Great price for fast and flawless work-thank you :) Will come back to get the rest of the truck done!
Plan on spending 100.00 per person to get full! Avoid @all cost!!! Not impressed AT ALL!
Awesome greek food! Finally something Greek for Henderson to be proud of! Awesome greek salads and gyro! Ordered my 5 year old pizza, fries, hummus and pita - loved it!
One of the best dinning experience in vegas. Menu is little limited but everything at dinner was tasty. really enjoyed it, wait staff was solid and the decor was pleasant and refreshing from the usually over the top crap elsewhere in town.
Tried the beef mantu, chicken samosa, beef keemah kabob, chicken kabob! So good. The restaurant was clean & the staff was super friendly!!
I've been taking my dry cleaning here for the past few years and couldn't be happier.  They do good work, are fairly priced, and are nice people.  Glad to support this local business.
They have a very friendly, helpful and secure staff/location. Personalized service,  peaceful, fun and professional. I will be back.
Horrible promoters. All lies and scams. They honestly ruined my entire Vegas experience. Don't ever fall for them. 0 stars to be honest. If you're that desperate to get into this basic club just pay and skip the line.
Pretty good coffee but stale environment. Shakes are good though!
You get the same burrito at every filibertos. The drive through man would only give me 2 sauces when I asked for 4. I was sitting at the open window and he just pretended like he couldn't speak English. Lies.
Consistently great food and service.  I enjoyed a wedge salad with a bbq burger and it was really delicious.  Awesome stuff!!
Good grub, decent prices. Staff could use a little more hustle, but at the end of the day, it's a good watering hole and fun sports bar.
My wife and I went to see Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci last sat night. The show was good, sound was good, we were on row 23 and it did seem a little low but maybe next time we will sit a little closer. The concessions were a low note, only 2-people serving and the lines were long.
The macaroni balls are bland.  My chopped salad was closer to Minced. The service is good and the atmosphere is nice.  Neat place, just needs more flavor in the food.
\"Every Christmas Story Ever Told\" was slow and not that funny. Spoiled by comedy and improv options in bigger cities, we expected something more fast paced. The first half DRAGGED.
If you are going to have breakfast in Mandalay Bay this is your best bet. Huge portions and good quality. The pancakes and huevos rancheros were both very good.\nFriendly, quick service.
Great place for vegans to get their sinful pleasure on. Their vegan selections changes by the season so that vegans won't get bored of having the same thing over and over.
Maybe I went on an off day.\n\nThis buffet reminded me of Hometown Buffet. Sad, worn out, and full of subpar food.
I LOVE LOVE KOKOMOS!\n\nI had a filet mignon and it was paired with a delicious steak sauce! \nMy chocolate cake dessert was amazing!!!\n\nI am a huge fan and if i had extra cash i would def. go back again, very soon!
Skaters beware,  this is a communist park ran by racist people who don't like skaters.  This place had ridiculous rules that constantly change.  Be very careful, if someone there doesn't like you ,  they will kick you out.   Don't waste your time or money here...   sucks sucks sucks sucks.  Including the staff!
Always the Pinot Noir, Always the 9 Iron Sandwich.  However, I only go when the wine is $5 per glass, because I am such a value person.  \n\nUnless it is Monday or Tuesday, then I go with the $20 bottle and Bruscetta board.  Another exceptional value.
Got one of the worst haircuts I've had in a long time!  the barbers laughed and joked with each other in Spanish while they worked and appeared to have little concern for the clients. Won't be going back!!
Decent breakfast without much fanfare.  Nice atmosphere, fast service.  Comparatively speaking, this represents slumming it as far as the major hotels on the strip go, but on the plus side there is not much wait.
I end up craving the Philly cheesesteak with chicken at least once a week. Excellent.
Love this place it's always fresh and good
They refused to return a defect product even when I have the receipt on me, because they can't put it back on floor
The restaurant has a fun atmosphere and the staff is great but it is very easy to mess up a 12 dollar meal if you combine your own ingredients poorly or don't add enough sauce. Last time I went the food made my stomach upset, going is just always a gamble and it is easy to make most of it at home for much cheaper.
The store is very clean and easy to park your car. They offer organics products at the reasonable price. I also like their Chinese stir veggie.
Good food. It tends to be a little on the greasy side and it is a bit too pricey, but when you need that southern fix.
WOW! Everything we ordered was so fresh and awesome. We wil return here again. We ate here before seeing Le Reve'. AS the show was wonderful, so was  Red 8.\n\nService was so exceptional. It is one of the best Asian we have eaten, in Las Vegas.
Friendly staff and great food. They also use Belly.
Checked this place out while on vacation. They had pretty decent food but the atmosphere was very chain restaurant like. But great beer!
In need of updating.  Very 1983.
the best parisins resaurant in las vegas and even in LA they have amazing kabob\nand really good rice . the best customer service. every time we in vegas we\ngoing there. :) :):):):):):)
Came back here for a Friday lunch because of a Groupon deal and the food was just decent this time. There were no crab legs (guessing because it's a weekday) and most of the desserts tasted just alright. THAT CREME BRULEE STILL ON POINT, THOUGH.
Service is horrible. Slow. No fountain drinks. Lagsania was horrible. Tasted like a TV dinner.  Very disappointed from the brand standard.
I had the Taco Salad for lunch.  It was spicy which made up for any shortcuts from a short order kitchen.  Very friendly folks.  I bet they are a perfect place for breakfast a simple country breakfast.  Prices are really cheap!  Cheaper than fast food!
Always great ticketing and gate agents.
My go to place for breakfast and lunch! LOVE their hamburgers and fries! Their wraps are delicious and of course, can't go wrong with the pancakes, potatoes, and eggs! Hands down, my favorite place!
Went to Tacos el Gordo and it was so full we decided to go somewhere else. We came here since we seen it had opened the dining room. The service was good and food was great. The huarache was delicious and the tacos were good too.
Very expensive, however this is a delicious sushi restaurant. I like the decor, very classy. I would recommend trying this restaurant out, you've got nothing to lose
Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp, and the reviews were not wrong.  It was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt.
Excellent beers on tap and a good mix of people. Reasonably priced drinks.  You must try this place out!
My very favorite place to have breakfast in Madison for 20 years! We go there every weekend. The spinach crepe is my personal favorite, but just about anything on the menu is great.
Short and easy review. Good service, good food, good decor. It's pub food but good portion size and was satisfying to hungry travellers.  Could have more beers on tap.
I couldn't give them a lower score so I gave them 1 star lol. I ate there 2 years ago and I got food poisoning. I should of sued them for all their grand slams. Never again I went back to a Denny's.
Great bartender/waiter.  Don't know his name but he has taken care of us every time I have been in there.  Great server and always kept the beers topped off and was very friendly.  The Kobe sliders and the NY pizza was amazing.
Horrible food.  I can't believe that the place was filled to capacity with such disgusting food.  I was so sick all night after eating here.  Will never go back.
Divine! Best cupcakes I've had in AZ!\nMy daughter described what she wanted for her wedding ,and the cupcakes were both beautiful and delicious! This is one vendor I'd highly recommend ! Prices were very reasonable!
This place gets way over crowded, I could not imagine being locked in for 26 months. These people just want your money, they don't care about your fitness goals. I took my business elsewhere. Canceled contract within the 3 day time limit and boy am I happy I did!
Food was great and the atmosphere was lovely. The drinks were a little pricy, even tho it was happy hour. service was a little slow tooo.
I wasn't here long, but the drinks were good and the bartenders are HOTT.  I thought it was cool that they have dancers and a mechanical bull (even though it wasn't running).  The balcony overlooks the marketplace which is pretty cool.  Would love to come back and spend more time.
It's a little pricy here but the food is amazing! A buffet worth trying in Vegas!
yoghurt here is not as good as say, pinkberry, but i love the DIY and topping bar concept. while price is about average, it is comparable to the two other froyo places in pittsburgh. grab and go!
Is it worth the money? If you eat a lot of crab legs :) Everything else? A-OK for quantity, but MEH for quality.
They have a huge selection of B list cigars mostly. They don't have many 90+ rated smokes, including any of the Padrons, 64's or 26's. I purchased their houseblend which I intend on smoking over the weekend. The prices are fair, lower than most shops like this in California.
$15 a day \"resort fee\" + $14 a day WiFi fee.  No thanks.
Small, quiet casino - check. Clean, spaced out machines - check. Drink options followed by food - check. Low traffic = little smoke - checkity check!
Store-bought corn chips, weak salsa, soggy beef and bean tostada, a very non-crispy crispy chicken taco, and an okay tasting margarita on the rocks that was 3/4 crushed ice...am I in Arizona?
There might not be a better value in Vegas. Inexpensive, tasty micro-brews - including fantastic rootbeer - and the food is terrific! Sure, the property is older and the gaming might not be all that flashy but you can't beat the bargain.
I have recently discovered this location and I have to say that is is a new favorite spot! Service is always friendly as can be, efficient and I love my drink! It can be expensive but mmmm white mocha frappe! :)
Excellent Food!  I have eaten here quite a bit, and have not had a dish I did not enjoy.  Beware, eating here may create cravings you can only satisfy here!  My only complaint is that they have started closing from I think 230 to 5 pm.   I bring my out of town guests here!
Awesome. Outstanding service. Quality sushi. I am coming back again and again.
Just average. Great ambiance but the food is nothing spectacular. Went on a Sunday night with my wife.  Dress is somewhat nice but not super dressy. Had the Hugos prime rib - fyi medium rare means super pink. Probably could get a better steak elsewhere.  Only reason I give 3 stars is due to the excellent service.
Outstanding gluten free pizza, the best I've ever had.  Excellent wine list. My companions loved their pastas, seafood, and salads too. Outstanding service too. We had a very nice, enjoyable dining experience.  We will be back -- soon and often.
Awesome place to go. Their motto says it all, \"little place, big flavors\" or something like that. It's just really really good.
For a vegas this place was eh! The place looked nice but the Dj sucked! We waited and a new Dj started spinning around midnight to 1am so we had hope but he sucked too! If you want a vegas experience, go somehwere else!
Wonderful food, atmosphere and pricing.
Amazing food!! Amazing atmosphere!!! Amazing service!! This place is amazing..that's nothing more to say!!!!
This place is great! Can't go wrong with the soups, salads, or sandwiches. The only complaint is that it can get a little pricier than similar places, around $10-$11 for a sandwich and small drink. I can't wait to try breakfast here!
Prices were a little expensive than I'm used too. But the smell when I walked in was like dirty laundry and musty. It's in a very sketchy area and hard to find.
For a hot dog place, even in Vegas, the prices are crazy. Pretty decent chili-dog. The hot dog had the right snap to it.  The chili was pretty good. \n\nI really hope that Pink's in LA is better than this, or it might be one of the most overrated places of all time.
I wanted to love the ramen for my craving fix but couldn't literally lol. So salty I felt like I was digging into a pile of salt in a cereal bowl. The staff are really unwelcoming and intimidating. Definitely not going back here sadly despite the endless Korean dish selection due to my bad experience.
Very tasty comfort foods. I love their chicken chili and their milkshakes/malts. I had a great experience with the brunch on Christmas eve morning.  We have also ordered cakes here and they are always beautiful and tasty. They are very very slow.
I recently purchased my wedding dress at this location and received exceptional customer service. I'd highly recommend any bride visit Kathy in the bridal suite to see the selection of gowns. I also recommend working with Maria in alterations, as she made my dress fit like a glove! I truly could not be more happy with my experience.
Rude employees.  Don't expect much help. Slowest check-outs EVER.
Took my fianc\u00e9 here and was a little disappointed with the level of service. Receptionist was nice. Doctor was not nice. Had heard good things but was not impressed. Will give her one more shot and re review.
Looking for a fast mexican food with all the traditional flavor this is the spot. Me and my family have been going for over 7 yrs:)
Slow but fun....just don't expect to eat or drink fast .....
You can find better for the price.
Aside from Win-Co this is my second favorite place to shop. I don't buy groceries here because Win-Co has better prices, BUT! I do shop for everything else at this store, and I have never been displeased.
I love LUX's everything! It's a great place to enjoy a cup of coffee, study, or simply just hang out with friends for a chat. Their music and atmosphere is very hip (which I love). I go at least once a week for my fix. I love it here!
Have been here twice with friends.\n\nDrink options are great and affordable. \nDining is bad. Food is always bland and feels microwaved. No one said anything positive about their meal.\n\nService was 4 star. Very nice waiters.
Great, reasonably priced food.  Caffeine in lots of high quality, creative formats.  Free wifi.
First off I want to say thank you James and Robert for restoring my trust in my 2002 dodge durango.  For all of you looking for honest and extremely knowledgeable mechanics. Contact Karma!!!!  My only regret is that I did not know or hear about Karma sooner!!  Thanks again you have a repeat customer for life!
This place is always an awesome choice as far as buffets go. Love the sauces and meat options especially.\n\nThe only downsides are that the service is pretty subpar and the puny bowls of rice are never enough for my plate.
Food is good, sauce amazing, nice place, and ok service. One of the issues I had here was the young staff bickering back and forth with they're family in back. Other then that worth a shot trying would go back every now and then due to price
Sadly I've never really had good food or drinks here.\n\nThe place is kinda nice inside but I'm SOOO not into the Themed Restaurants.  They were cool for a week but that week has long passed.
I have used this company for many years in the nightclub industry and for several charity events. I can say that they have always been professional, fun, very cooperative and realistically priced. I highly recommend them to add flare to any event large or small. Good job girls!
I've been to Hawaii a couple of times to visit an old friend who moved there. Whenever I crave a plate lunch here on the mainland like they do on the island, I usually hit up Aloha Kitchen.
Food was descent, slow service though. Ordered the chicken club sandwich, chicken strips, and breakfast  nothing special.
I didn't try the hotdogs but everyone said they were good. Fries were amazing. The place is just kinda small, which I guess you can expect for the location.
This place screwed me on the on the check and refused to do anything to take care of it. I have never in my history of dining out been to a place that did that and didn't care about their customers.
The label of Chinese food is misleading. I cannot eat Thai and some Chnese due to chili and Cayenne use. I was stuck with an appetizer for dinner. The Chicken wrap was cooked with a lot of filler, so it was far from what I was looking for to sate my cravings.
The different terrain is nice, our dogs had a good time there, however there were no other dogs there! We have been there twice. No dogs either time.
Only reason this doesn't get 5 starts is because of the college crowd, but this is such a wonderful bar. The oyster's rockefeller are superb, and your get that with some Guinness and your totally set. There's smoking outside, and if you live in the area you'll always run into someone you know
Great food, and fun atmosphere. My family and I were even able to snap and take a wanted picture for 2 bucks. Wish they had places like it at home!
Polaroid Fotobar is revolutionizing how to print, frame and enjoy your cell phone photos. So easy... So affordable... Anyone can do this! Come & check it out ... In Las Vegas at the LINQ
20 minutes to pour 2 glasses of wine? It was not that busy, some guy said that a waitress could be right over-what a lie! Then it was another 20 minutes for them to bring the check! Not a very good first impression... This was Sunday July 8, 2012 around 10 pm.
Very honest handyman highly recommend, very clean & takes pride in his work.\nThank you for your time Chris.\n\nSal
Good for a fast food lunch. The fish tacos and fish and chips are good, the kid meal spaghetti was drowning in grease. Decent beers but mediocre white wines. Very friendly service. Need I add it's located in a strip mall?
Gas is $ 3.11 today here\nThis Quiktrip is pretty West in the valley just off of Grand Ave the 101 freeway pretty nice staff very clean Store and gas prices seem to go up and down a lot but always a reasonable price.
Great pizza! They only offer one size, which is often too much, but the leftovers are great. Their tortellini is to die for, you should definitely try it! A little pricey compared to most pizza places, but food is wonderful.
Rather swell thai food. Interior could use some major re-decoration. They leave the buffet table out with old signs really taking away from the experience . The food portions are plentiful.
Food is decent but service has gotten progressively worse.
This place is good for a quick lunch or dinner with family. Kid-friendly, too.
One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh! 7dollar Big Azz Margaritas after 9!
Awesome. As good as you'd find on the streets in Chi-town.
i LOVE MY BOOBS! I had a great experience with Dr. Pancholi and he has done a great job with my breast augmentation. I already recommended him to another 2 friends of mine to have their surgeries with him.\nRegards,\nAna Maria S
we tried this place out and loved it!  The hibrachi chef was really good and funny!  The staff was great with our kids.  The food was great especially the sushi!  The portions we good sized and there was enough to take home! Definetly will be eating here again!
Panko chicken pretty good, gotta use alot of sauce to give it some flavor. If you want straight out flavor get the teriyaki bowl but stay away from the combo unless you want a massive amount of salad. Good service and nice people!
The worst burrito I ever purchase the burrito was drench in oil will never come to this place again, it reminded me of Tacos Mexico, best ones in Vegas is \"Los Tacos\" go there and you you will get hook there are so good, there a bit pricey but so worth it.
We love the food.  Great atmosphere.  Good selection of Grapa.  Staff is very friendly.  A little on the pricey side
Bought a living social deal...very pleased.  I plan to come again.  The green leaf lettuce isn't my favorite on burgers...wilts. Otherwise great!!
Go at night!  Call first!  Request a table by windows!  SICK VIEW!  I don't go on weekends!  Jazz music too loud can't hear your date and friends!   But sick view!
Great restaurant!  It was on Diner, Drive Ins, and Dives, off the beaten path kinda hard to find, no big sign, but definitely a hidden treasure!  I had Jonathan surprise us with our order and it was all exceptional!  The fried plantains were the end to the perfect dinner!  A definite must try!
Amazing food. The pop tarts are pretty much the most delicious thing in existence. It's a weird week if I haven't come here at least once, and it's always consistently wonderful.
This is the worst meal quality I have had in a long, long time. Undercooked green beans, scalloped potatoes, and beef enchiladas. The single high point was the free draft/wine coupon per paid customer.
Met these guys a few months back and finally gave them a try. I'm so glad I did. Their products are awesome, healthy and come straight to my door. In my experience, they are actually saving my wife and I money on our grocery budget AND the time and energy to get there. I'm a fan
Horrible hotel... super rude @ check in. Rust in the bathroom.. tape on the ceiling!  discusting stains on the foot sheet on the bed. Spring extra and stay at the bellagio this hotel is awwwful!! Elevators made weird noises and felt un safe!
CLOSED.  Brown paper in the windows.  Sort of sad.  Wasn't great but not bad.
French bistro.  Fun atmosphere, but make sure you sit on patio.  Waiter was one of the best.  Steaks were excellent.  Recommend goat cheese tomato salad.  Only negatives was rude hostess and The creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e was cold on inside.
Where's the scenery?  I thought this place was known for it's visually pleasing wait staff.\n\nVery disappointed.  Drinks were expensive and service was mediocre.
A convenient location on Pinnacle Peak near Pima. They also have a General Store, Post Office and restaurant attached to the same building.
Hands down worst experience ever! Our waiter was just lost. We asked for our checks early to avoid having any issues but still took over 45 minutes. Then a manager got involved and was even more lost and rude about the whole situation, extremely unprofessional.
My husband loved his Downtown Eggs Benedict and the coffee was good and strong. My shrimp and grits was more like seafood chowder. There was so much sauce I couldn't get a good bite of grits. The shrimp was pure rubber. Expect a bit of a wait but good for downtown.
Such a great neighborhood place. They played fun music, there was plenty of space to sit back, relax, and people watch. Drinks were poured strong, but weren't too expensive. Everyone was really friendly and chatty, and the bartenders were super laid back. Good times.
This is the best place for real authentic Mexican food. Not a fancy place but the food is amazing!
Good selection of items.  Of course the prices are a little high.  Watch out because not all the produce is organic.
I got a coconut slush. It was Ok except it wasnt full. There was about an inch missing from the top. I didnt exactly get my money's worth.
Decent pizza, crust was perfectly crispy. 5th street (caramelized onions, mushrooms, salami)  was really tasty without being overly greasy.
Max Brenners was totally worth wondering around forever to find.  I love dessert a lot and enjoyed my dessert sampler.  I got the chicken stays for protein satisfaction first then followed it with the chocolate sampler, holy smokes was. It yummy each treat was delicious on it one and then together was even better.
Off the charts. We trusted the waiter on sample dinner and he came through. The service was great and food was amaz.  Atmosphere was loud and alive so if you want a quite dinner than this ain't your spot.  Must get is the Chilean sea bass.
Consistently overbooked. Controlled chaos. Issues with insurance processing. Need to either stop accepting new patients or add dentists.
Went to have lunch but they we're closed although their sign said closed for the holiday and that was yesterday. Well they just lost my business and the gift certificate I have as well will be given to someone else.
i would love to stay at this beautiful hotel again
A must on every Vegas trip.  Come here for the breakfast everything is delicious and you definitely get more than your money's worth.  \n\nTry to stay away at night if you want quick service.
Lobster Pot-Pie was not great. The lobster was over cooked and chewy. It really had no flavor. I've had much better lobster at Red Lobster. It really was disappointing especially for $85.
delicious breakfasts, waits can be long in the morning, so go early or late to miss the breakfast rush.
Apple Monkey Bread - amazing!
Hate this store! Very limited product but what makes it worse is the cashiers! They never greet you coming in or while making purchases! The way in which they direct you through out a transaction is nothing short of ill-mannered! Never again!
The short ribs and the king crab sushi dish were good. Everything else was way below par. The wings sucked, The tare tare was straight up DISGUSTING. Only  coming back here for short ribs and sushi...
Grade: C-\n\nI hate Applebee's. It only tasted good because I'm on a diet.
A group of about 15 of us went here for a friend's birthday. The staff was super friendly, attentive, and accomodating. They were quick with the drinks, everyone's checks were correct, and they didn't mind us getting rather rowdy/drunk. We will certainly be back for happy hours in the future.
I like this bar...it has good food, plenty of TVs to watch games and decent video poker. They do allow smoking, though. That's a turn off for me.
Bleh.  This place isn't even good when you are drunk.
When my family go to Las Vegas for CES we stay at the Bellagio and always eat at this buffet. It's pretty good and lots of variety.
Just want to say this place sucks! We waited for four hours and I know its the dmv but seriously I have been licensed in 10 states and never heard of such stupid rules as what the have going in Nevada!
Great food, good service, low prices... this place is a win as far as i'm concerned. i need to keep working on the pizza to find a favorite, but in the meantime i'll keep coming back for that italian hoagie on wheat...
Came in for lunch and ordered the Mediterranean chickrn salad, chicken orzo soup, pulled chicken sandwhich and turkey chili. I was really wanting to like it, but everything I ordered was bland. Did I order all the not so flavorful items? I'll try it again, general rule \"try everything twice\"
Awesome TW breakfast! also love their beef noodle soup!
Love this del taco location the food is always fresh the customer service is great and the food is always made on time and they never once messed up my orders each time I came here.
Great place to grab a drink if your in the neighborhood or on the way to see a show!
If you want a burger the size of your face, this is the place to go. The food is great and the menu has many different options. I highly recommend it!
Waste of money. Cold food. Stink in the air.
the casino is to bright ! the baffett was small not a lot to choose from . snaps is better !!
Great restaurant. I like it very much. You have to taste it if you didn't taste it yet!
Awsome place! Staff is really friendly, and they don't try to nickle and dime you for everything, they give you the best price! Can't wait to come back in a month!
Que Bueno=Que Barfo\nSeriously...who puts iceberg lettuce in nachos? They were so disgusting I will not be returning again ever. This is your typical greasey nasty Mexican Food. El Encanto is way better. Hands down.
Terrible. Fatty Subway like turkey.  Take out Rachel made with corned beef not turkey.  Very dissapointing.
I've eaten here twice now. The food was good but on the second trip I noticed the waitresses doing the 'touchdown' when refilling water. This turned my stomach and could no longer drink my water. It is also very noisey at lunch time so much so that I can't hear the people at the same table with me.
Not for me. Typical college bar with typical prices. That said, if I were a freshman in college with a fake ID, this would be ideal. I would find somewhere else if you are older than 21 years old.
Affordable, clean; the employees are helpful, and happy to help you. I'm going back, and will bring friends. Great place for locals...!!!
Great bar food, friendly staff, and good drinks. Their food is generally a generous portion for a great price.\n\nHappy hour is fair but not that great.  Good place to stop by for a quick meal.
This store is a little disorganized and cluttered. They need to spend some time cleaning the store and the pumps. Plenty of employees standing around, just not cleaning, facing, or filling. The + was that the gas pumps were working properly!
Absolutely horrendous service, pizza that is basically worse than frozen pizza. The waitress was 100 and we waited an hour and a half for them to forget our order. Ridiculous prices for the service and the terrible food!
Great place for gyros, meat grape leaves, everything!! Awesome! And Sam is an incredibly friendly guy! Go!!!
Very cozy little place. Good service and fairly good food for a good price. And you get to shop Vintage clothing afterwards! My Mom adores this place, I take her here on Sundays for lunch sometimes, it always makes her day. :) Which makes mine!
I am in town on a business trip and found this place on yelp. I have been here for breakfast the last three mornings. Just a good, old fashion eatery. Good service from friendly servers, good food, fair price, and a clean restaurant.
If you a quick bite before picking up some groceries at lee lee, Pho Tan Thanh is the place to be - relatively cheap and quick, owners are very nice and helpful.
Get the choripollo.  You will not be sorry.  Great food and great hospitality.   My husband and I are picky Mexican food people and we loved it!
BBQ Seitan sub sandwich is fantastic!  Great for pick up or to sit and have a slice.
This place is pretty cool. They sell vintage and used clothes as well as display student artwork. I love that they are more selective in their choices for their store. The merchandise is always in great condition and they tend to have higher end labels. My only complaint is some of the items are a bit pricey for being used.
Good pub.\nBeen here a few times and always seem to meet interesting people for some reason.\nLucky me.\nGood times.
Did I just eat the dead sea? Aka the sea with the highest concentration of salt on earth? Cuz this food was salty :(
Worst food. They don't know how to make dal tadka, mutter paneer infact not even masala papad. They should realize idli is not whiskey, the older the better.
There is a reason people call this place \"The Pube\".  \n\nAnd on that note, I'd rather drink a glass of the short & curlys than to hang out in this bar. \n\nYes.  It's that bad.
Not a daring sushi eater.  I only eat cooked stuff but this place has some really good cooked rolls.  According to my person, they have really good tuna selections.
Blah.  You would think or expect a bit more with how hard it is to find a parking spot.  I was expecting a packed house... nope.  The wings are not good.  Sauces are, but the wings are small.  Price was fair but this place was just a little too rough/mean for me.
I'll try anything twice, that's always been my motto.\n\nWhile the staff is very kind there is a hint of disdain.  Perhaps it was my \"Bearded for her pleasure\" shirt.  I actually enjoyed everything about this restaurant, except for the food, atmosphere and service.
Gross!! I tried it cuz I woke across the street but OMG... dry ass food... I wanted to puke!!
this place is really huge. you get the idea its big from its above ground footprint...but the above ground is dwarfed by the underground halls.\n\nit's massive.\n\ni loved everything but the cactus sand sculpture that look more like butter then they do sand.
I don't want to spend too much time on this restaurant. I've already wasted time eating there.\nToo salty! Too dry and too salty.\nI know you want more, but I've wiped it out of my mind.
I had pancakes, eggs over easy and ham. The eggs and pancakes were great, I would pass on the ham. Not enough servers.
Ah, yes. Whenever I start wondering what it is I don't like about chain restaurants, I can always find a Joe's or other current-or-former Landry's restaurant to remind me why. \n\nBland, tasteless, overpriced, swill.
I go here for lunch often. \nQuick service and good food.\nThe spicy fried rice and the spicy noodle are my favorites.
Fun atmosphere...yes! Yummy drinks....yes! Great customer service yes!!! Pizza... No no no! I'm sure I will be returning again definitely to take advantage of the great happy hour special, but I will not be ordering the pizza again, no thank you!!
Second time here, Oct 2011. First time was Nov 2010. Food is good, service is a mixed bag, cleanliness is lacking. A quick trip to the washroom ruined my breakfast- couldn't clear the stench of months old urine out of my nose- makes me wonder if the whole place is maintained this poorly.
Enjoyed they fish and chips and would consider them 6 out of 10 for taste.   Overall I was impressed.   Ambience and food plus location made Deacon Brodie's a decent place for beer and good food.
Terrific!  The flavors of the salads and entrees were incredible.  Just the right ambiance before heading on to an evening at the theatre.
Great service, food and beer selection.   Much better than your average bar food. Nice location and very good service.  Will return.
The drive thru screws up my order EVERY time. When I then have to park and go in, no one even apologizes. I avoid this place.
Always have had good experience here but not tonight, dinner with group of friends had abysmal service. First waiter forgot our table and second waitress had a poor attitude when asked about very late food. Food was OK but definitely not as good as in the past.
Had chicken katsu and gyota. Every dish was horribly sour tasting.
Been a customer of Coffee Rush for years, great service, yup they always know your name and your favorite drink.\n\nTheir coffee is always fresh and great tasting and this is a place where you can experiment with virtually any combination of coffee and flavors imaginable, all this with a wonderful atmosphere!
My friends and I have found a few more sandwiches to choose from, but the rating would still be the same.
Terrible service! Staff was too busy chatting with each other . I left with my 2 children after waiting 5 min to place an order. I will never return to this McDonald's ! I will take my business elsewhere and recommend you do the same.
Beer cave!!
Food was great but service was poor. Really unfriendly staff, especially the manager
Not the best pho, but it hits the spot when you are in Vegas. I don't recommend getting a rice plate bc your food will come out way after everyone has received and eaten their pho.
Good, but not great . . . Reasonably priced . . .  Sunday after 2 PM was not crowded.  Staff friendly.
The name is great. But there was no gas. And it is a gas station. There should be gas.  We just want to go home.
Don't know what all the fuss is about. I've had a lot better pizza in Oakland...Little Nippers, Scuili's, even the $5 cheese pizza from Atoon's is better in taste and price.
One of my favorite pizza places. I always get a pepperoni and pineapple pizza with ranch on the side. It's awesome. Always friendly staff too!
I lived in Chicago last summer so I had to try out this place in Vegas. I only tried the Chicago dog but in true Chicago fashion I was not disappointed.  Now every time I have a craving for my Chicago dog I know where to get one
They employees that work at this store are always really nice. The store on the other hand is a mess. Im shock that the health department hasnt shut most of these Circle K's Down for being so dirt especially around their food. Yuck!
It was a great burger, but the price tag doesn't support what you get (2 burgers, 1 order of onion rings and a drink = 75 bucks)... not this guy!
Palace Station is the first of the Stations Casinos chain, and it shows.  It's smoky, dark, and the food is only passable. The upside is the rooms are relatively cheap and it's close to the strip.
Another location of the already well-known frozen yoghurt shop in pittsburgh
Horrible. Slow. Bland. Overpriced. Period.\n\nIf you're into dry cheesesteaks that take 20 mins to get to you. This is your spot.
Andrew's was ok at best. The BBQ sauce they put on everything is lacking to say the least. I got the sampler and I didn't enjoy anything too much. My girlfriend said the Mac and cheese was good.
omg! when are you guys opening!?!?!?! i thought it was suppose to be last oct or nov! i'm coming in july and ima be very disappointed if i can't get my booty shakin on at poetry lol.
Be sure when you order your food. If you order soup or salad as a side and you would like it before your main meal.  The bartender was new took him awhile to make a sangria   The waitress had an attitude.  The mgt did apology the staff was new....etc etc etc.  Not sure we will be back anytime soon.
Thank you Cathy for the AMAZING facial! My skin feels fantastic and the massage was a bonus! Whether you live here or just visiting, go see her!
Everything was delicious, we ordered pad thai with chicken and yellow curry.
These guys are amazing! I had a blast. They sing oldies music mixed with current day music. Very talented.
Very good food but music is too LOUD to have conversation with others - bring earplugs
Awesome experience. I don't know which was better, the staff & service or the food... everything was great. and affordable. best pizza and wings I have had in a long time
The last time around they changed their menu a bit and raised prices. Portions got smaller and quality dimished.  Sad face.
Not my favorite location but it has a neat atmophere!
Would not recommend this salon to minorities because of racist workers. I love the clients at the salon but behind the scenes its very unprofessional and unsanitary however I still wish Peter and Holy much success in all they do.
I really loved my experience at this spa.  I'm a deep tissue massage gal, and Steve was absolutely fantastic.  The staff were all friendly and helpful, the spa itself was clean, well-stocked and pleasant, and I definitely left 100x more relaxed then when I walked in.
Ate here on their grand opening.  I was very disappointed. Food is okay, but I've had much better.
My daughter who once told me she loves whoever invented meat asks to go here, I think that pretty much says it all.
Just hope you're there on a good day! Buffets are not what they used to be in Vegas.
Best lunch special\n\nThe Lunch specials are great.. U get a big meal for your money.. I would recommend#1
I love this place, it's absolutely the best when it comes to their smoothies. I bring a lot of people to Yo & I and it never fails that they fall in love with the place as well. Whether you're getting boba in it or not, getting tea or just shaved snow, it'll taste great.
Limited Knyew x The Hundreds snapback, I had to cop because at the same time I wanted a lil souvenir from Vegas as well.  I called ahead to make sure they had some left.  They were kind enough to hold one for me and I got the very last one.  Woohoo!
We were just passing through Vegas for one night and stayed here. We were traveling cross country and had our dog with us. They were very accommodating and pet friendly. They gave him a treat and even had a menu he could order a snack from:)
Oops.  Wrong location.
Food was good ,.. A bit dissapointed in the bar.  Went for their grand opening. For a place that brags about having a great selection of bourbon/ whiskey, I expected for them to showcase that.  No drink menu or specialty anything.
I had a pleasant lunch here. It was the first time I've ever had pad thai. It was good. I will be going again very convenient location. Staff was really friendly and helpful.
Kathy is by far one of the best in her field. She exceeded my expectations and conducted herself courteously and professionally. I have worked with a handful of accountants throughout the years and she without questions ranks at the top of the chute. Much appreciation.
I like Chipotle. All of them. I like the food and can count on it. They let me put whatever I want on my burrito bowl and will even put more of something on if I ask. The people here have always been nice to me.
Great salad bar..I have never seen so many salad options! It was wonderful!
Now they are using a hand held drill to buff toenails during their pedi instead of just a quick file.  I can definitely see grow out difference on my nail bed.  Not good.
This is the best way to enjoy Las Vegas.\n\nI highly recommend getting a giant one, walking around, and just take in Las Vegas. I've tried many flavors but I just love the mango.\n\nGet more shots for only $1: you can even get Everclear shots! Be careful.
Palabra!
I love this place.the coffee is the best.pancakes are huge and taste amazing. i really like their Denver omelet with the pancake and home potatoes.i hear their burritos are huuuuuge.its a nice place to enjoy a god breakfast always packed and awesome hostesses. Best place in QC.
Stepped in mud earlier in the day and walked up with his work cut out for him. He used about 8 or 9 applications, broke out a blow torch and waxed it to a mirror finish shine. Took about 15 to 20 minutes, he did a great job and only $5 plus tip
Top quality as far as buffetts go and top dollar. Huge selection if you can't find anything to eat then should find a Nathans Hot Dog stand because the only food not offered is hot dogs.
I have purchased two cars at this dealership and I sometimes get my maintenance done there.  Service is generally fast, and they have a courtesy car for rides home if the wait is too long.\n\nI like my service associate, but I sometimes get irritated by delays at the service area.
The food is different than before. I think the par cooking is the issue. The plate is very hot the food on it is not and it is not as tasty as I remember it being kinda makes me sad I loved the Tampico stuffed chicken before and now not so much..
This is one of my favorite local sushi joints! For a fresh and inexpensive sushi meal they can't be beat. Great service, great sushi, always fresh and really great prices. A wonderful neighborhood sushi joint.
The food is ok. Definitely not worth the wait though. We sat here for nearly an hour while the restaurant emptied out, being told that the manager said no one could be seated yet.
1. \"Traffic Jam\" is best sandwich I've ever had (And i hate sandwiches).\n2. Great bread to meat to vegi ratio.\n3. Decent price
found this place on yelp on my recent vacation to vegas... i was excited with the notion of a taiwanese breakfast place, but honestly, the food was ok, but the service was great! i love their breakfast tea!
Disappointed.  Made a reservation.  Arrived 10 minutes early and was told i would still need to wait 30 minutes. I won't be doing that in vegas!
This place has really good bagels and good service. They always add extra cream\ncheese for me which I love. I liked that I could just get in and get out in no time, but there are seating areas if you wish to sit. My number one choice for on the run bagels!
I went their two days after the grand opening and the food was ok at best. Bit pricey for the quality of food I got. I think I'll try it again next year after they get things situated there.
It was my first time here today and It was extremely delicious!! The chicken parm pasta is a must try!
My thinking is the sandwiches are good as to the best inngrediants but where the shop's strength is with the counter caes. Anything I have had from the case is excellent.It has been consistant for the 35 years of my experience.
After getting ripped off by Leslies Pool for Pool supplies and repairs, I now go miles out of my way to shop at B & B for all my Pool needs.  They are HONEST and reasonably priced. All of their technicians are knowledgeable in Pool maintenance and  repair.
Great atmosphere a must stop if you're in Vegas and looking for great music great food and drinks
Food quality has gone downhill a bit from last few years. \nThe owner  has bad attitude and not customer friendly. \nExpect $7 for 2 year old baby food if you give samplers during the buffet. Apparently it is the kids buffet price. We will stick to other places in the valley.
I love this place so much! I try to stop in about 1-2 times/month; they get new items in everyday, it seems!\nThe prices are unbelievably good and they're always willing to negotiate. Check out 2nd Saturday; they have great deals!
I have two free meals here and can't seem to bring myself to going. \n\nAnyone want to try it risk free? Pm me and I will arrange the details.
During our brief visit to Pittsburgh, this was definitely our favorite bar.  It's attractive, nicely laid out, and the bartenders, staff and clientele are very friendly and welcoming.  We did not try anything on the menu, but the drinks were good, and the videos well selected.
Service is ok, only if u know Spanish. Shrimp quesadilla is no good, the tiny mini steam shrimp in between two piece of tortillas. \n\nI don't think I would go back.
Locals only...I love this place!  Super warm environment.  Kind of that Cheers vibe - everyone knows your name.  Best Bloody Mary offerings around.
The service was slow and I was shocked that they didn't serve any fish. The fish of the day was shirmp and spinich. Now how can they claim to be cajun and not serve any fried fish or have any crystals hot sauce?
Food was mediocre and service was abysmal.  I'm shocked this place has a high rating on Yelp.  There are dozens of better Indian options in this area.
So I'm worried I might get salmonella. That chicken raw though. Other then the raw chicken. I enjoy the place. Nice place to hang out. Service isn't too bad. Forgot a few orders (carrots ranch)
Steve's Grill ROCKS!  Always a good meal.  Can get a little loud, but what can you expect... it's a sports bar.  LOTS of big screen TV's and quite a crazy crowd on the weekends.  Tuesday Night is Lady's Night and 1/2 Off one entree.
Food was great service was very good!
Needless to say, this is Best water show in the world.  And the best part is, its FREE!!! I had a Great View from my room in Bellagio.  According to the Discover channel, this is the most expensive hydraulic system out there and I am not surprise at all.
Decent. Not anything to write home about. Food was good. Drinks and beer good. At least they had Odell's! I could careless about Irish beer. I did not like the end of the bar outside with the red velvet rope for special guests and the owner, please this is not LA.
Nice people. Not great work though. I just get my nails and toes painted (bring my own polish and all). So hard to find a place that does a decent job. The search continues.
This JCPenney isn't the greatest.  It really lacks selection and doesn't carry all the brands as other ones do.  It also doesn't carry Southpole shoes and the people that work here don't know what they are doing.
This dog park is for the locals only. No shade during the day. Busted sprinkler heads make huge mud pits so you can look forward to giving your dog a bath when you get home. If you want to see photos of this park and look for some much better parks in the area go to dogparkriot.com.
Maybe it's because I'm an old fogey but the frenetic music they pumped into the dining room just ruined the whole dinner.
Great little spot-took out if town guests here for breakfast and they loved it!  Breakfast menu was big and had plenty to choose from.  Airplanes kept the little ones entertained too,which is always great!
Seen this show more than a dozen times in the span on 3 years and its always fun :) naughty!!!
Expensive\n\nSoggy bread but got fixed- good customer service. Over cooked meat on Philly- it was dry. Spiced well. Good hot dog but small.\n\nGreat fries! Need vinegar offered at the condiment bar!
Went here for lunch last week. I had the loco moco which was HUGE and super Yummy! My friend had the fried poke which was also very Yummy. Staff was super friendly and provided quick service. Restaurant was also clean.
Nachos at 3a. This place served it's purpose. \n\nFor some reason the water was awwweeeesooooomme too.\n\nJust saying. \n\nxxx C
They no longer offer the AYCE crab. They changed it to 1.5 lbs with no app or dessert and raised the price from $30.00 to $32.00. Hows that work? Will not return.
Wonderful place! I did prenatal yoga between my 30-40 weeks in place of Zumba. It was s great way to increase your heart rate in a safe way.
They also stole my photography work and posted it on their site stating it was their own.  Don't walk, RUN away from this company as fast as you can.  They are completely fraudulent.
Giving it two stars because the food was decent, otherwise I give it one star.  No management around and server was not friendly.  They hardly had beer and our receipt was wrong. We were told to pay with cash because system was down but then changed their mind. Never going back.
Great little sandwich shop with some awesome soups. Best though is the desserts..like the atmosphere too.
Idk if they had seen a dirtier car than the one I just dropped off for a full detail. Curtis and Kevin teamed up and did an outstanding job couldn't b happier! Great customer service thanks again guys
Love this place for tacos and drinks. They have the BEST margaritas you will ever have not to mention their shrimp and fish tacos as AMAZING! I like to sit outside on the patio. It reminds me a bit of Europe or NY or something.
Been with boa for over 10 years now. I have no complaint what so ever. The app is user friendly. Transferring money takes seconds. And whenever I come here, everyone is so friendly with with huge smiles. Good job guys. Yall deserve this 5 star.
The buffet is great but the wait time and the high price make it not worth going. I got a ticket and when I returned for my \"estimated\" seating time, I still had to wait an hour and a half. Not sure what they're using to estimate their times.
Prices higher then normal Starbucks and I asked for a free cup of water (we all know is tap) they said it's 2 dollars something like that. ...
Great customer service. We were greeting when we walked in. The cashier was  very friendly and patient.  She let the kids try any flavor they wanted. Thanks for the great service.
The place looks and feels amazing.  The apps are not that great.  The pizza is pretty good.  I like the crust .  It's a nice change.  The area needed a place like it.
I hate how they make you sit at a table with strangers. So awkward. The veggie dumplings were yummy though. Everything else was just okay.
Wow, no matter where we ended up in Vegas we somehow ended up here. The perfect margarita is truly that! Ask for Kevin, he knows how to get you drunk.
Love love love pink! Better than Patty's Closet, hands down. If you're looking for a one time outfit to wear, this is the place to come. Affordable, chic and stylish. Don't be caught wearing the same dress at the club ;P
Went here for breakfast! Good chicken fingers! Good fries and very good canes sauce!
Good Hawaiian style food. Chicken Katsu and Spam Musubi always great!
this place is a blast!   like being in Munich all year...we celebrate alot of occasions here and always fun..good food..
I love my sushi however I would not recommend this place unless you are low on time. They are very fast but the quality is not up to par. I would consider this place below average sushi
Just went there at 11pm on a sunday and they said they were closing because they weren't busy.  3 hours early and nothing else open in plaza midwood.
Has a convenient location and it is fresher than other Paradise bakeries, however experience is absolutely ruin by bad customer service.  There  is very few people that have customer service here as compared to other locations, most of them are guys! I'm never coming back to this location thanks to the cashier named Lirio.
The typical shitty, Scottsdale night club.  Somehow having numerous rooms is impressive to people.  But each room is full of douchebags.  Don't waste your time going.
I won't be coming back here. Everything looks nice but the taste is not very good. The meal just tasted fake.
A good sandwich, but not great.  I tried the meatball, BLT and original, none of them were exceptional.  I guess most folks don't know what an excellent sandwich really tastes like.
Clean, friendly, well stocked , good selections. Gas prices are competitive. Service is good even when they are busy. The staff really know how to keep the line moving  quickly.
This was easily the best breakfast I've had during 5 days in Las Vegas. Good portions (filling but not obscene), fast, friendly service and the food was top notch. Try the Cali omelet.\n\nThe owner was personable and attentive. I'll be back.
Pricey if you bring 7 people including yourself. Overcharge on fountain drink, paid about $14.00. But overall there Burgers are good!
I enjoy this hotel for location and overall feel. Unfortunately the beds are quite uncomfortable and the sheets feel like sandpaper.
We were disappointed overall. The salads were good however the hash was not at all. Sad since this is their namesake we expected it would at least be good but that wasn't the case. Would not recommend & prices are inflated for what you get.
Probably the last time I'll come to this location . It used to be good but the last few times was awful. Service is rude and slow. They were out of broc cheese soup and panini bread mid afternoon. I just feel like it's gone downhill and I've been a regular customer for years
The Toluca and the Costa, probably the best breakfast concoctions I can think of.  The food here is awesome and the staff is always friendly.
Typical Arbys....not dirty which is a plus on this side of town....try new Hawaiian buns better than the original goes good with the roast beef
I a rooting for this small business, but they just miss the mark here.
Its far down the end.. Getting built up with shows and some bars...I will stay somewhere else
This place is great for individual dinners or for groups, I recently ate here as part of a group. Sometimes restaurants don't do as well with groups,but this was not the case. Everything was great. Dishes came out on time. My halibut was perfectly cooked. Super place!
A great Thai place!   Great prices good happy hour.  Pad Thai yum
good Chinese food is apparently as easy to find as good pizza around here. I ordered from here hoping it was better than the subpar place I usually ordered. It was worse. I ill add the following disclaimer: I ordered it for Chinese food. Maybe their thai dishes are better but I'm not going to find out.
Awesome restaurant! The pizza is so delicious and the service was fabulous! Judith was such a fun waitress and Bill (the owner) was very attentive and extremely friendly. Would go back in a flash.
Pretty tasty sandwich shop. Stopped here on my way home. I got the turkey with cranberry and stuffing. It was pretty good...I should've gone for the small sandwich. I'll definitely come back to try something else.
A huge disappointment. Way over priced, with the very small portions. Ambiance and the drink list are OK. However, can not make up for the price. Yelp reviews are over selling the place.
They are not the best, just my favorite in Charlotte.
Burgers are excellent but fries are too salty.
Super nice staff. My latte was barely warm and not much to wrote home about. The bacon donut was good. Like pancakes and bacon had a baby!
Owners are JERKS!! Service sucks! Plan on waiting a really long time unless you have the owners number to text her...she says \"baby, unless you text me, YOU WAIT!!! The sushi isn't that great and the drinks are over priced...Stingray is better!
I keep waiting for this place to close since both times I have gone in, we have been the only patrons.  Seem like nice people and a clean location.  I hope they make it.
I love there food. Cure for any hangover and grat for late night beer munchies. But today the service was horrible! We waited 25 - 30 mins for 2 burritos! Everyone seemed to get there food before us. The burritos were really good tho.
This place is definitely overrated. Booked a table during restaurant week. It is very crowded, but service is still great. However, the meat were way below my expectation. They were so salty. I think that night, my diet consisted 50% meat and 50% salt. Won't be going back anytime soon.
Delicious!  We got the Bianco pizza with ricotta, mozzarella and added mushrooms.  The crust was thin yet full of flavor and had a great texture.  The ricotta was amazing. We got it delivered and it arrived within 30 minutes.  A bit pricey but definitely worth every penny.
Great place for breakfast. I'm a big fan of the enchilada omelette.
Good food consistently poor service, slow, no one checking on you, no water refills very frustrating.
I thought Crossroad Cutters was only for men but to my surprise  Tony does women short hair cuts too. Try it and you will love it.
Second time I had there food because they're like the only ppl who deliver around here. WORST FOOD. The lo mein is good though
Great place  for coffee with a lot of ppl.. The coffee was delicious but the music was noisy..
Appetizers are really good. The Entrees are pretty average.
found this place in Santa Barbara, CA.  really good burgers there.  Now that they've branched out I can get really good burgers here.
Service was real personable, chef actually comes out to greet and follow up with you. The menu changes daily so the server says. I inquired a dish that was not on the menu but on yelp and the chef made it happen. To me, that was prime customer service!!!! Enjoyed our dinner and feeling pleased.
One more five stars.  Love it, can spend days there.  Never miss it when I go to Las Vegas.  Saves me a ton of money by keeping me out of the casinos.  And who notices ambiance while playing pinball??
Honestly, not impressed. My bread was so dry and stale
Didn't even know this place actually had rooms to stay in u until recently, but I love to gamble here! Dollar roulette! Drinks for 2 dollars! I'm sold! And if you're really looking for a bargain, they have a food court with subway and cinnabon in the back, lol.
Let's face it... this place is in an airport, so its crazy over priced, and the food is so so. You can't really expect anything more than that
This place is horrible, I wouldn't feed this to my dog. It is however tasty and greasy if you haven't a  palate.
Thanks Veronica. You were wonderful. Love my new look
If you ever get text message alerts from tropical smoothie, do not expect to redeem any sort of offer here. Every time I come in here there is always some reason why they can't accept it and it seems like the owners are just extremely cheap.
The foods great but too much sugar and I have to avoid cane sugar.
Reserved room a week in advance and requested 11am early check in, is now 3:45pm and we've been waiting at the resort all day. Classic bad business: under delivering after over promising. The Grand just a few miles away seems like a much better option.
Awesome! Pizza and zucchini and mozzarella sticks.  Great service always!!!!!
Great fries to go along with their burgers. I\"ve been trying a few burgers off their menu, and so far they have been delicious!! Will be going back soon...
Horrible. Worst service and the food was cold when they brought it out. I used to go to Tony Romas when it was in Utah and it was amazing. I was extremely disappointed by this location.
Good find! Food interesting! Would come back with a bigger crowd so I could sample more variety! Reny was attentive however a waitress at the front was complaining about work schedule loud enough for customers to hear full conversation!
Went here for breakfast with the boyfriend. Great service, the waffle I ordered was huge with lots of fruit, but I wasn't impressed.  The price for two was reasonable. If you want breakfast later in the morning, this place isn't that bad.
Back to Mad Mex.
gone downhill over the last year, repeatedly Burnt pizzas, what gives?
This is so below average. The restaurant decor is out dated and worn out.  Poor service below average breakfast and how do you even screw up breakfast. Manager asked how was everything I said \"just ok\"he said ok did not inquire. Food did not have quality flavor it was very bland.
There may be new owners but they still retain their most excellent chef. \n\n- Don't be a puss and ask the chef for his recommendations.\n- You must try the lemon roll, volcano roll and sashimi salad.
I was really torn between 4 and 5 stars.  I would say 4.5 would be perfect.  Not the best I have ever had, but certainly one of the better sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.  I will definitely return.  Food and service will all wonderful.
We tried this place based on recommendations from Yelp. We tried several different dishes and all of them we terrific. The helpings were HUGE and we had plenty to eat. I am only sorry we don't live here in Phoenix.
Really good burgers and chili cheese fries.  It was not to expensive.  Great customer service although it took a long time to get my order....almost 20 min.  I haven't been back because of the slow service but I would eat there again for sure.
This Smashburger location seem to be totally 'on point' or flat sucks judging by the other reviews. 4 of us went there last night we were all highly impressed so it gets its full 5 stars.
Freakin' delicious.\n\nBreakfast at Bouchon is the way to go. It's cheaper than other meals, just as tasty and easy to get seated.\n\nIf the weather permits, sitting outside is the move.
We went in to watch the World Series and have some wings.\n\nThe wings are good, but the time it took for the food was excessive.  In addition, the wings are small and slightly overpriced.\n\nI will return, mainly for the atmosphere and beer selection, and not the overall menu.
Horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE service! Skip this location at all costs!
In my first experience with Med Fresh Grill, I found the food to be average. It was the service I received that makes this ranking so low. Horrible.
Love the staff and instructors! People are nice and don't laugh @ you if you are a first timer in a class!
I ordered a BBQ steak burrito & found it pretty bland and lacked some variety.  I've had better burritos.  Won't be going there anytime soon. :-(
Best middle eastern food I've had outside of the Middle East. So delicious, cheap, huge portions. Awesome little market of middle eastern goods attached. Highly recommended.
Terrible customer service.  Drive through being run be Shannon who acts like she's got \"better things to do\".  I won't be returning. Go to the charleston location or rainbow. Amazing customer service at both.
When the cockroach scurried between my drink , plate and then the salt and pepper, I made  a quick escape.  Sadly the food here is pretty good but the place has become nasty. The gray film on the white phone, the front door and the restrooms should have been enough to worn me off.
I really wasn't blown away. Somehow the chicken looked just like the veal. The place is cute enough, but I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.
I've been all around the valley looking for a decent Sushi location.  I finally found my spot at the Yen Sushi & Sake Bar.  This place is great and when it comes to Sushi I don't care how much I spend. strongly recommend, will be back very soon.
Always wanted to try this place, but I barely ever get into LA. They got some good sausages here. The chili is the best.
Spotted a cute Bettie Page store here! \nMuch more affordable stuff than the Forum Shops, a maze of pretty cool stores. But really the only thing i'm looking for here is Earl of Sandwich.
I only stopped here briefly for a drink while trying to find lost family members at New York New York.  Expensive but a cool place and a nice server.
I love in n out. A great place to grab a bite before you jump on the road to leave Vegas if you want to avoid the buffets and crowds and traffic that follow after your dining experience. It is always crowded so be prepared to wait in line for 15 minutes!
First time here. Wait time on our food was ridiculous. The server brought us free chips and dip because she felt so bad. The most disappointing part was the manager walked over n didn't even talk to us to apologize about the wait. Literally, our food came out like 45 minutes after we ordered it.  Very disappointing.
This hotel isn't too bad. You can definitely tell it's one of the older hotels in the strip unless you stay in the newer building. The only good thing about it is the tram from Excalibur and Mandalay bay.
The service was good, I just thought that the food had very little taste. My bill was 50 Dollars and believe me it was not worth it. Here is a GREAT! KOREAN BBQ, a little pricey but its well worth it. I'm sticking with Cafe Ga Hyang
Memorial Stadium is great. It's big yet cozy, renovated yet full of tradition, loud yet respectful. For many of us, it will always be a memory filled building where we spent many Saturday afternoons watching the Fighting Illini. Cheering crazily whether they were winning or losing.
Need office supplies.\n\nThey have it.\n\nI pay.\n\nShort lines, quick service.\n\n3 Stars.
This is easily the worst Mexican Food I have ever had.. I mean.. bad.. was so crappy that for 24 hours i kept remembering it.. yeah.. that's right.. Montezuma took his revenge on me.. totally 100% bad food.. avoid it...
So cash is only accepted at one register after midnight I wonder why a company that imports more goods from China then all the China towns combined is making it difficult to spend the us dollar? Place is still a complete piece of s#!+
Delicious pho! The broth was so flavorful and amazing. I was a little worried about the service after some of the reviews I had read beforehand, however it was quick and efficient. The food came out very fast and everyone was so friendly! I shall frequent this place! An additional plus is that they are byob.
Tastes like a frozen pizza. Salid was better but not great .
My favorite, favorite, favorite place to go!
Moved over from B of A. This branch is friendly and fast. Hate having to go to the bank, but at least this place makes it just a bit better. Love their cookies too!
Sadly, since this place has been under new management, the quality of the work has declined. I've since stopped going. :(
The service was very slow. Blooming onion was overcooked to the point of tasting burnt. The quesadilla was dripping grease.  On a positive note. It was not crowded by any stretch so our conversations were easily heard.
Went last week, and ordered a dozen variety. I didn't care for any of them, very dry, the frosting wasn't very good,even my 9 yr old daughter spit her cupcake out!
The poor drive thru window teller was getting yelled at by the tube customer and still managed to keep her cool and help me with my deposit. Susan was incredibly composed, and did her very best to be patient and polite, despite obviously being flustered. Be kind to these people!
We ordered the antipasti with roasted vegies and chicken liver patte. It was fantastic. Our margherita pizza was good, not great. Pizza crust is delicious. Our service was great. It seemed the staff tried hard to give great service. Will come back for sure will try other items on the menu.
I had a breakfast sandwich there one afternoon and the eggs were chalky. It was the worst fast food breakfast sandwich I've ever had. It was my first visit to Port of Subs & my last.
The food portion is not very consistent. Environment feels very high end, but not so much for the food. The price is the similar as many other Chinese restaurant, but I don't feel is worth it, if you consider the flavor. Overall, I would think it's above the average, however it needs some improvements.
Food was outstanding service was even better. Highly recomended. We had the steak and lobster for 9.89 and it was very good. Jill was our waitress and she was great
The staff seemed friendly, until I got my car back after denying their $300 brake replacement job. They broke an item in my car and they refused to admit it, plus the AC was on full blast.
not for me!!\n\nsushi was overpriced and not really fresh.  service was slow and not personable. \n\n for similar prices, i rather have sushi at mirage, mgm and many other hotel sushi rests...
Service is so bad. Waitress keep continue to ask same things over and over again
Entertainment is cool. Especially when it's free!\n\nGet out there early enough so you can get a decent spot for watch the show. \n\nJust ignore the street vendors and enjoy!
Vegetarian pizza is outstanding!   Also the Italian sausage pasta with penned pasta is so good!  Always have a great experience gere!
Oh very good, the burger was freakin delicious! Definitely by top 3 best burgers I ever had.
We ordered the Italian combo pizza. The crust had too much oil in it which made the crust heavy and dense. Toppings were fair, nothing special.
I ordered the caramel banana crepe. It was delish after I scooped out a good amount of whipped cream. I'm wondering if I would have paid less if I asked for less way less whipped cream..
Gross, Gross GROSS.\n\nWill never step foot in this place again if I can help it.  The last time i was there, my feet were literally sticking to the floor...didn't want to stick around to think about what it was...\n\nEW
the cover to get in there was a rip!!    the guy at the door was a dick head and had a dumb tuff guy attitude. Afterhours here is the shit though..get a table and bring more chicks then guys with you to.
I will admit this place has major dance floor energy. If you like EDM I would recommend it. I don't care for the place because the crowd is a bunch of weirdo sausage....
Had a layover here....3 hours!!!! Did not enjoy it. Bathroom floors are sooo sticky and dirty. There are no really good places to eat. When you book a flight advice is to avoid this airport!!
Over-hyped. Did they hand out some pills that I missed? I feel like I watched a different show than the other reviewers. Not worth enduring the time share presentation we attended to get free tickets. The two illusions were interesting, a very short reprieve from the rest of the cutesy antics.
There are few places you find that serve REAL Mexican cuisine at reasonable prices.  This is one!!  You must try it.  Not Tex-Mex, this is the real thing.
Bartenders were rude till I won some money playing a machine. Then they kissed my Ss because they wanted a tip. The woman who took my food order was smoking at the bar and then delivered my food. Place is dirty!
Great breakfast place!
I have had the pleasure of knowing Michelle for a few months and I love that I've found someone with integrity and purpose to their practice.  It really shows through her community outreach and clear communication.  She has a vision to make a difference and that becomes clearer to me every time I meet her.  I can't recommend her enough!
The smell of the place is totally rank but doesn't stop me from visiting when I'm in Vegas, cheap booze and fried food it's the perfect late night stop to plug a few bucks into the machines and hangout before calling it a night, and free beads on the way in!
Great subs at low prices... eat here!
I heard great things about this place, however when I arrived today, I was the sign that they only accept tips in cash, I never carry cash only plastic so I had to leave without my nails getting done :(
Way too much for what you get. Especially when there's another one (much cheaper!)on the strip. Service was okay, nothing special. The food was good, just not worth what they ask at this location.
Solid Mexican food served fast with friendly service. I am a regular with their breakfast burritos, $4 each and served all day. The chorizo, egg and potato breakfast burrito is a personal favorite. Tacos, enchiladas, huevos rancheros and carne asada are also tasty.
The decor and presentation of the food is above average for Chinatown.  The food itself was definitely average.  I would go back here again, but I'm not jumping out of my seat to do so.  One of many average restaurants in Chinatown.
Incompetent and rude staff in the office. They do not even acknowledge maintenance requests within a reasonable amount of time, let alone perform the repairs. People are breaking rules e.g. parking, noise, satellite dishes, chairs and garbage out on the landing, which makes it unpleasant.
We had 2 waitresses after a dance game tourney. One was really nice. Five stars. One was really mean and crabby. One star. \n\n3 stars it is.
Yum! I need to have ice cream for breakfast more often. I might've gotten a funny look. But hey, sometimes that's just how I roll.
This place is great for locals and out of towners. A newer hotel and casino that offers great dining and gaming options.  They also have big name entertainers that come in to do concerts. Worth the drive and a great place to people watch especially on the weekend.
Ordered BBQ short ribs and they were overlooked - dry and semi burnt. The quality of the food has deteriorated throughout the years and I've visited this location several times this year and all have been disappointing. Food often overlooked, rice tasted old, and macaroni salad always runny with overkill of mayo.
Prime cut king crab legs were insane. William our server made the night even better. Only negative was price.  Bought a beer and a glass of wine at the bar while waiting for our table and the bill was $31. Looks like Mr. Wynn will take your money anyway he can.
Pathetic excuse for a \"restaurant \". You can't just slap a famous name on it and serve mediocre food and service.
I have eaten here dozens of times over the years, mostly after 9pm. Food has always been consistently good, and service has almost always been consistently slow.
Decent is a good word to describe this place. Decent food, decent service, decent atmosphere... \n\nFood was different but not necessarily good different. Simple things like Mac and Cheese they didn't get quit right. A for effort but C for results.
The food here is great and service is excellent. Do not come here if you want traditional/authentic Mexican food. Its super americanized, but that is not necessarily a bad thing.
I've never been a fan of this location. It's a little dirty. And when you're handeling food I expect more. If you can't scrub the front of house you're probably not cleaning the kitchen and food preparation area.
The food was amazing, but the wait was extremely long about 1.5 hours to get a burger and fries, and a pasta dish.   The wait staff kept apologizing and said they were short staffed.  I'd return, but not on a busy Friday night.
Last time I was at In-N-Out burger was a couple of years ago.  My nephew and niece really wanted to go to In-N-Out for dinner a couple of weeks ago.  So, we decided to go.  I'm glad we went, because I got my favorite burger, animal style with single meat.
Glad they are out of business.
I'm a sucker for a few slices of Antonio's after a bar. Not bad prices and its never let me down.
Nordstroms is number one when it comes to customer service!\nWhen you inquire for a certain product, they will not only tell you where to go. They will lead you right to it!\n\nGot a good deal today on a Jessica McClintock mini purse. Half off baby!
This is a must try if you live in Phoenix and like Thai food. Great food, clean/hip place, great service, reasonably priced...what more can you ask for?
Delicious food, wide ranging menu, excellent ambiance and service! Highest quality Indian food in the valley!\n\nWhile you're there, you may also want to check out the Indian store right next door, especially for fresh Indian sweets or samosa.
Went with 3 friends, happily surprised with half price bottles of wine on Tuesday! Waiter was friendly. They were out of shrimp, and I was really wanting the shrimp and grits but got the Carolina burger instead. It was yummy and thick! Our table split the fries green tomatoes, they were delicious!!!
Disliked the rooms. Not impressed
I like Main Street it has a more small local casino feel.  They have better deals on food than the big resorts on the main strip.  This casino does more catering to local and Hawaiians, they do a lot of package deals from the islands.  The staff are more friendly and more likely to know your name.
Best brisket in Charlotte - no sauce require....  but the Midwood sauce is great. And I love that the baked beans are more like chili than anything else.
Coupons coupons coupons! Don't eat or drink here without it. It's definitely not worth it to pay full price. \n\nYou'll need probiotics to help digest all that meat.
Meh. I mean, sure, if you're into 2-hour waits on a Wednesday and expensive, mediocre sushi, by all means go for it!
To quote Arrest Development, \"I've made a huge mistake.\"
I did not like it here. Music is super loud. One dancer in particular on stage was awful. She made no connection with the audience and it was clear she was stoned and an angry person, so she complained about few tips. Every other dancer got awesome tips, this one person ruined it for a lot of us.
Got the short ribs.  All fat!  Very disappointing.  BBQ Chicken also very fatty.macaroni salad has very little flavor.  Don't trust the multi star reviews.  This place is a bummer.
I didn't find the staff over bearing, yes they obviously work on commission, but I didn't feel hounded. This store had really good selection.
Great sandwiches but a little on the pricey side.  However, they do carry Zapp's chips, which I am a big fan of.  I will definitely try the soup next time.  I saw someone enjoying their soup, and it sure looked delicious.  Also, their mac salad and potato salad seem to be fresh made and are very good.
In comparison to Rio's Worlds buffet, taste, selection and atmosphere, Rio wins.  But price supersedes all that, this breakfast  buffet was $5.99!
We always enjoy the service and good food. Also can't beat the ice cold beer with dinner.
Woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nWhat an awesome show! They got people from the audience and they had so much interaction. The end of this show was so awesome and I think if you have to make a decision on different shows, definitely choose Blue Man Group!
I was really disappointed with the waitress.  I seriously did not need to know it was her first day back from having the flu, and I really did not enjoy being soaked when the server dropped a tray of waters on our table and all over me. \n\nNo one apologized, and no manager came when I asked for one.
I never can figure out why every time we come here it is empty...love the pita with hummus plate and chicken sherwma fries.  Service is a bit slow but well worth the wait.
I can only say that it was amazing!  I am a fan, and the service was really great.  I recommend trying this place if you like authentic Thai food.  I will definitely be going back.
Great place to relax and have a cup of coffee on comfy chairs in front of a toasty fireplace. Tasty/affordable menu! My fav is the Greek Wrap with Chicken.
America's Taco Shop was good, they expanded too fast, went corporate, and now it's not good.
Im a food aficionado and i love me some cantonese chinese - but wow. extremely disappointing food. beautiful view, you're in the bellagio but the chicken is dry and shrimp taste like buffet shrimp. \n\ni rather not. jackie chan would not approve and neither do I.
It's your typical CJ's. I've giving it two stars because they didn't include a Green Burrito. Shame on you.
Tonight was my second and last attempt at ordering from this restaurant. The food I received was subpar to say the least! I do not recommend this place!
Best hotel in Vegas.  I've been to Vegas at least 25x and never had such a great time.  We got an upgrade which made a huge difference.  Flo, front desk, was a big help.   Restaurants are pricey but good.  We Will go back.
Quick turnaround, knowledgable staff and priced fair.  I will definitely use them again.
I went by here today, and the place was closed at 2pm on Saturday afternoon. Out of business? Probably.
My favorite Mangolian grill in the valley. I have been there so many times and it takes few times to select appropriate ingredients to get the taste you like. They do have BOGO's some times.
We went here last Thursday night at 9:30 pm. We shook the bell on the door yelled hello and no one came out after ten minutes we left.  Website said you were open until midnight. I guess not that night. Their food is good. We have ordered food in the past and it was good.
This location is horrible.  The order taking is inconsistent - Gina can never get things correct.  The product quality is inconsistent, and they are frequently out of items
Sat around for 15 min a guy came around to ask us to drink... Gave us water and took forever to even come by to ask what we wanted fuck this shit no good service what so ever
Great service and very knowledgable about eyebrow shaping and skin health. Will return when in Las Vegas!
A food catering truck has better food than this restaurant... Service is good but the food is gross... Wouldnt recommend
Run-of-the-mill, chain restaurant Mexican food. Service was slow on two separate occasions eating here. The rice and beans are sub-par.
Made a reservation online through yelp and got a table immediately when we got there. All three of us got the pick two tacos and they were all great.
Ordered the omakase ($40) and a bowl of ramen ($10). Omakase was nothing spectacular and the ramen was bland. I don't see the hype behind this place. Very disappointed considering I live just down the street.
Good club... Beautifully laid out... Also has good rotation of girls so clients can take there pick of girls for company while visiting.
If it were possible I would give this place zero stars.
I had a VERY sad roast beef sandwich. It was almost impossible to find the roast beef and overall very forgettable.  So NOT worth the $
Great sushi, really enjoyed it. Very fresh and very reasonable. Highly recommend. Recommended to come during happy hour or it's a little pricey.
It a damm sign and people go crazy for a pic. Its the history behind it. Sometimes there a big  wait with a tour buss most the time its only 5 min or less
Triple George Grill is a Gem.  A block and a half off Freemont Street.  Great food, happy hour and staff.        \nIt's a must for me every time I'm in Town. We always ask for Brian to be our waiter.  Enjoy!
Wow I am shocked that this DQ has such bad reviews!  Every single time I've been to this location the kids that work there have been great! I mean not just nice but above and beyond.  Also, I don't know why or how but they have better ice cream than the one up on Bell Rd.
Esther was amazing. She was caring and really made sure I loved my hair for my sister's wedding.
ordered a pizza an some pasta.  Gnocci was ok.  not the best we had but not bad by any means.  we had a pizza on another trip and it was pretty good. not the best in the valley but wood fired so that is a bonus.  Good for carry out.
Went here tonight for the first time and had an amazing experience.  EVERYTHING we tried was wonderful.  All the flavors were great and the food was very unique.  The atmosphere was very chic and the service was fantastic.  Would definitely go back as well as try other restaurants the chef owns.  Our waiter Jermal was the best!
Not bad for a buffet - I'm not generally a fan of buffets, because most of the ones I've visited favor quantity over quality. Most of it's pretty good, except for the baby octopus.
If you can avoid checking your bags when flying into this airport - DO SO.  Worst baggage claim area I've ever experienced.  Over 45-minutes to get luggage.
Lots of upselling. Quick oil change though.
The pizza is pretty good, but it's pricy. I prefer their thin crust. They definitely take advantage of the fact they're the only pizza joint in the nearby area, though.
Very nice ambiance and great food! Went for lunch and they offered the set menu. Ordered the four grad... Delicious. I would go back.
This place is great! Meat falls off the bone and the mac n cheese and mashed potatoes are so yummy!
Service is ok, but what's with making the waitresses wear hoochie mama dresses?! So not classy. Quite inappropriate for a nice restaurant. And the food is terrible - well at least dessert (which is all we ordered). On the positive side, the music selection was awesome.
Sadly, Nikko has closed their Ballantyne location.
I order dolsot bibimbap at every Korean restaurant and it just wasn't good here. Hardly any meat and no sauce. A positive was the mushrooms. I preferred the bibimbap at Tianxia Coreen Restaurant a few blocks away.
Had a bad experience here with an unfriendly staff about 4 months ago, came here recently with a friend for drinks and the experience was much improved. Still can't kick that bitter first impression taste.
The service was a bit slow but the food made up for it. The sushi was delicious and the burger was unique and flavorful. We also got the mixed delux fries basket which was phenomenal. I would definitely come back.
Too bad 0 stars is not an option. The Charlotte Airport store ripped off my credit card. Whatever you do, don't by anything from Einstein Bagels at that airport. They know people are leaving and wont be back. Now I have to battl my credit card company to get my money back. They are thief's.
this place has teenagers running the place! Customer service is horrible! You are often greeted with attitude and a 15 min way on drive through with no car in front of you
This place had horrible service. Waited over a hour for my food and it came out cold. Never even got my check to leave....if there was a negative star option this place would have it.
Worst service. Gave us a room that already had people in it, tvs didn't work, room cards weren't all activated, issued us new cards to a new room and as we're were walking to the room flagged us down to tell us they gave us the wrong room again. Never will stay here again.
Very good pizza, very slow to make. Plan extra time out order ahead. We waited over an hour for a pizza (and the place wasn't busy).
great evening of jazz with Beth Liederman and Sherry Roberson--doesn't get much better than that.
great company!  I was quoted rates of $200+, and to rent the equipment and pay someone to do it would have been $150.  They showed up, ON TIME, handled it, didnt try to \"up sell \" me on stuff i didnt need!  They were professional, easy to deal with and would highly recommend!
Not a soul in the place. Where is everyone? Saw two employees
Ate here again for my birthday last week.   Just can't get away from the food.   The fish is very fresh, and cooked just right.   If available, find one of the 4 tables downstairs in the small bar.  There is no doubt this is the place to wind down from a busy week.
The  staff is so friendly, always great service. I have eaten sushi here 8x and never had a bad meal. Great value and everything is delicious! Love the Tiger Roll and Salmon lover.
Week end buffet was awful..nothing special about the food.. there were few items that were stale...A weekday regular food was ok...I wouldnt suggest pasand for indian food as phoenix has better indian restaraunts.
Food is good but pricey and the portions are small. When I spoke to the manager about the portions, he stated their corporate office determines the portion size and that he hears complains all of the time concerning it. - Skip it - my son and I were still hungry after eating.
Ate here recently. Enjoyed the candied bacon and had a great burger! Not  a huge fan of the seating. It can get loud as they pack in a lot of people at small tables.
my family went to try it once.  we ordered their fried rice, was ok, but their beef broccoli was so salty.  good service made it well.
Thee very best chicken salad I have ever had, it's to die for!!
Worst place in Old Town Scottsdale. Do not waste your 10 bucks walking in the door if you want actual customer service.
I don't understand how you come across town to eat at a BBQ restaurant and they have a sign up that they are out of predominately all their meat. FAIL!
Ok nothing special.
This is the location of the former Hibachi Buffet.\nCLOSED.\nAnother great buffet bites the dust.
The pizza is standard Little Caesars pizza.  Can't complain about that at $5/pizza.  The B grade from the health dept was somewhat disturbing, especially when I see a guy with a huge afro in the back making pizza without a hair net on.  Was totally surprised I didn't find a hair in my pizza.
Of the Fox restaurants, I think this is one of my favorites.  Lots of fresh seasonal ingrediants and sea food.  the interior is beautifully decorated, regardless if you eat at a table or at the bar, you will get the same attentive service.  A must try if you are in North Scottsdale.
yummy honey toast!!
Sadly, Bono's has ceased operations at this location.  I miss them.
Drinks were pre made and service was very very impersonal. Needed help. Bartenders usually make the atmosphere and this one sure did... nobody mingled!
fresh ingredients and tasty Burrito.
Tr\u00e8s bonne bouffe.  Prix moyen-haut.
Really good. My girls and I went here and had a Blast...no pun intended. Will go again for sure.
Here's an oxymoron..Got cookie dough sugar free yogurt. A perfect combination for me cause finally they got a good flavor and is the healthiest you can get when having a craving for sweets for those whom are aware of their health and fitness..
Don't judge this book by its outer cover.  Great breakfast, great service and the coolest lounge in the back for late night.  I wish I had discovered this years ago
Gross. Awful service. RUN AWAY!
OMG. Greatest donuts ever. The Apple Fritter is the greatest thing you will ever taste. I am the happiest vegan alive to have experienced these donuts. I only wish I lived in Vegas so I could eat them every day!
Service was good.  Strip steaks were adequate but not spectacular. Pretzel bites were good but hard to eat without burning yourself.
Food was great an fresh. Service was incredibly slow.
Millie please get a credit card machine. I like the food but you would get more money from me if it wasnt because I dont carry a lot of cash with me every day.
I love this Lowe's. It's very clean and I've always found the employees to be very helpful.
This place is ok. Not amazing. Everyone waits for Shila because the other girls will mess up your brows ,believe me, I've tried them. Although, The last time I went Shila did not do the best job. She rushed because it seemed everyone was waiting on her and my brows were a mess.
I was informed by the cook/owner that they no longer use any MSG in there menu.
Not sure how they can do so much advertising and brag about how good their fish/cod is and have it served hard as a rock after being held under a heat lamp for I don't know how long. Terrible.
This is my favorite sushi place! The owners treat you like family, rolls always fresh & amazing! And they have ALOT of spicy rolls which I covet! My go to place when I want amazing food & service! And the prices are reasonable! Love it!
Awesome wings and they're 50 cents during all Pen's games
Good service, awesome food, great atmosphere. \nThis is our new favorite Italian restaurant
great place!!! best thing about this place is that they have organic juices !! friend and knowledgeable staff ~!  amazing prices !!!!!!
Pretty good slushy drinks definitely a must have went in Vegas or walking up and down the Vegas trip weather is hot or cold outside
Don't go.  Food was horrible.  It all tasted like spaghetti o's.  My \"salad\" was just shredded iceberg ..so disappointed.  Waiter was nice and polite.
No customer service.  Worst insurance experience ever. Great service getting you signed up; after that they don't care at all. This is not based on a single experience.  Use a different agent if you want more than someone just taking you money.  Mike, feel free to return my call.
Fun place to try new things and small bites  good for hanging out with friends. Atmosphere is cozy. Will be returning =]
I have eaten here many times and love the food but today's service was horrible! Hire more staff and smile ladies! I probably won't be back for a while.
Old school friendly atmosphere and great specials.  The steak abd lobster comes with veggies and a big ass baked potato
Always friendly and helpful. The portions are enormous as well.
Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Very nice cars. I was lucky to have a brand new SUV with SiriusXM. Highly recommended.
Absolutely amazing ! Great food , beef Wellington that melts in your mouth like butter. Asparagus soup wow. And the baked potato ( a la cart) would serve 4 people. Everything you would expect from chef Ramsey !
Great location.  Great food.  We enjoy going there!!!!  The owner teddy is awesome. He walks around talking to everyone.  \nThe crab dip is wonderful. \nHighly recommend you trying it out.
Backyard Taco has delicious food and its very cheap! It is a small place, quite little seating inside and out, but it did not bother me. It is well organized, clean, and the inside is up to date. When I went there for the first time, it was very busy, so if you go here you must go here early.
The ladies at Strut are wonderful. We worked with Stephanie and had an excellent experience picking our bridesmaids dresses. It s hard to choose because every dress in the store is beautiful!
I have been here many times since they opened. Happy hour is really good, especially the wings. Food has always been consistently good which can be hard to find these days. I would give them 5 stars but service can be a little slow sometimes just because it gets so busy. Highly recommend .
Good lunch if you need something cheap and easy to swallow. Dont order the soup.
Just OK. Bakery items are very good. But the restaurant -meats are dry, sides blah, dinner entrees just not good at all. Latkes - cardboard.
I really enjoyed breadfruit.  I had a mixed drink called mule something with ginger beer in it and it was great.  The dining area is small only 8-10 tables and is relaxing without a crowded feel.  I felt like I was in a Jamaican house and the food was being prepared by the mom down the street.
I love everything about this place. The atmosphere, the menu, the wine selection, right down to their glass water bottles. I am disappointed that they took the fried sage leaves off the menu, but, they have plenty other amazing dishes to make up for it.
The owner Kevin was super cool. They got me in right away and done very quickly! My car came out perfect! I will definitely get my next car tinted here!
The food was ready for take out in 15 minutes which was nice. After the good reviews, I expected better food. Average at best.
Was hoping for 5 stars, but they didn't have a pool or any good snacks compared to other spas... the facilities were very nice and my massage was quite luxurious... very expensive and small place, but worth it for one time...
This place was much better when it was Robertos.\n\nIt never seems clean anymore.\n\nI'll stop in every now and then since my nail place is close by but won't make an effort to go out of my way.\n\nYou can do better.
I like this local casino. Has some great bars, food and movie theater. Only thing missing is a bowling alley. Hint Hint Station
I just had to go here to check out a place owned by Alice Cooper.  I ended up getting a meal that was good and gulped it down with a nice beer. A bit dark but hey, its a place for rock stars.  Try to avoid going there where there are major events at the stadium- the streets can get nasty.
I don't know why I continue to come here.  The food is decent but it takes so friggin ' long to arrive.  My lunch break is an hour.  I spend about half of it waiting for my food to arrive.  It's a sandwich, not an intricately constructed fine dining experience.
My husband and I were in search of some quality Thai food while spending the weekend in downtown Phoenix. Thai Basil was outstanding! We ordered shrimp pad thai, chicken satay skewers and panang curry. Everything was so fresh and delicious! The next time we are in Phoenix we will definitely be back!
DJ on fridays..good drinks nice crowd.
Food : great\nPrices: reasonable\nCustomer service: almost left the restaurant because food took forever. Our waiter was awful!
This is my Haiku review for the \"Bacchanal Buffet\" in Caesar's Palace.\n\nExtravagant food\nReally bad Asian section\nOverall p good
No more 99 cent beer, no more diarrhea inducing 99 cent shrimp cocktail, no more 1/4 lb hot dogs...dangit...whats a cheapskate to do?\nWell at least the Snack Nook has footlongs for $1.99
I want to live at Beaver Choice.
Great little gem! The food was fantastic was very food and just the right price. The Italian food was amazing, but you can not leave without a dessert and be prepared for giant serving. I had the carrot cake yummy!! Def a place everyone should try.
Just a local dive. met a friend for drinks.  Bartender was cool.  a few people doing karaoke.  Maybe I will come back sometime and try the restaurant.
Love the food and staff, only thing is the food can be a bit pricey at times for a pub.
The pizza was delicious and the staff was friendly. The pizza had that ny feel to it.
The customer service is terrible, the workers are rude and you have to pay for the WiFi.
Garlic cheesy bread was amazing! Pizza was okay. Cute location and great for a date night. Staff was super friendly and the wait wasn't an issue since they offer samples and you can order drinks.
Pan Asia is great to take friends that want to explore multiple asian cuisines. The sushi is okay but the Chinese dishes never let me down. The Mongolian beef is delicious. There is a full bar and its an easy going atmosphere. Great for a group of 4-6.
It is payless. I was desperate to find inexpensive \"fancy-looking\" shoes for my son who had a concert in school. We were greeted promptly, helped by the young girl in charge. We found what we were looking for un less than 5 minutes. Good service.
Excellent service with friendly staff. Very reasonable prices and they have drinks and snacks in the lobby while you wait. I recommend this place to all of my friends!
There is an employee by the name Amanda and an older lady with short hair. They are the rudest immature people I have ever witnessed in a business before. I loved coming here until I encountered their horrible presence a couple of days ago.I will never return to such a horrid place. Bruinswick here I come.
Worst Mexican food I have ever tasted.  The waitress was rude.
My first time here, it is really expensive, and the meat is not fresh, it taste just not a Hunan style food!!! So bad
Worst food and worst service ever :( I will never come here again. Wings were saucy and cold fries and onion rings were greasy and gross the service and management was terrible! They were not willing to accommodate in any way:( NEVER EAT IN THIS PLACE!!!!!!!
Seems like they may be new.  I will try again to see how it is going.
Simply said, I LOVED Love.  It's as good as it gets.  We sat pretty close to the front but  I think that there is probably not a bad seat anywhere.  See it NOW!  You won't be sorry!
This is not a bad place to have dinner. The atmosphere is casual and the service is just wonderful. I had the carpaccio and squash ravioli and they were amazing. Price is a little higher than Friday's but trust me, you would want to come here instead.
I got what I expected...a smog test for $9.99. It may not be a purrfect auto repair place but it's way cheaper than any other smog test in Las Vegas.
Hands down, my favorite Pho spot in Vegas. I always get the Grilled Pork Vermacelli bowl. I take all my friends there. Quick service and delicious food!
Gorgeous and tasty pastries. I especially love the Japanese style crepes. The Rocky Road is amazing and the Nutella one is also great. I have my eye on the green tea eclairs for next time. And there will be a next time!
Loved my haircut. Walked in and waited for just a minute. The stylist cut exactly like I wanted and I walked out paying 20 which included the tip.
Definitely a good place to grab a quick breakfast. Also a decent meeting spot for business breakfasts and lunches. Personally, I think you can do better with the food but all around it is a bad joint.
Went there several weeks ago. I was not impressed. Food was bland, over priced.  Will not return. The evening we went the place was dead.\nI see why.
Always worth visiting when I'm in Vegas.  They have 2 locations which is convenient.  I've never had to wait for a table.  They have a broad variety of options on the menu and give huge portions.
Waiting STILL ( it is already 40 minutes) for 5 wings & one quesadilla..... Really? Wonder how much more to wait. At least for a drink had to wait about 10 minutes..... Ah, what a service!!!!!!!
Amazing food and service! Friendly staff!
Nicely organized with interesting artifacts and interactive presentations.
Great apps! Elham is a fantastic server, ask for her if you go, but you shouldn't everything else was horrible! Just go next store to DW bistro instead!
I went here again this month and again, Erica did an amazing job! As I said before, I will only go here. I know for a fact that it was not just a one time thing that she did amazing with my hair. She is just amazing at what she does and she is so sweet!
The girls in Wicked @ Sola Salon love Stephen & his delicious BBQ! Never disappointed!!!
Was not impressed at all, food was subpar
I hate to be a downer, but the breakfasts here were so big, they were more disgusting than appetizing. Looking at a foot-tall mound of food after a long night of drinking and gambling is just not OK in my book.
Very tasty Mediterranean spot excellent meat, made fresh to order fantastic service fast and friendly. Well be coming back and using groupon.
Worst Cobb Salad EVER-Could have made a better one myself.
Big, Cozy, Dark, but lacking a POLE!!! WHY?!?! Girls are just sliding around on stage. Also, alot of my friends won't go because of the cover charge....
Good place to stop in and have a beer with a friend while catching up. The only downside is there is no food but you can bring in or order from any of the restaurants nearby. Definitely a great place to explore different types of beers and push your boundaries. Hello banana bread beer that actually tasted like banana bread. winning.
comforting in the midst of quiteness!!!
Would have loved to try the food and wine but not one person came our way to take our order for 15 minutes after being seated. Was disappointed so we just left.
Everytime I go there is awesome! Everybody enjoying the hot sauna :) Good staff too.
This is a meat orgy! In one meal I showed chicken, beef (multiple cuts), pork, lamb, ostrich and elk who is really at the top of the food chain...ME.  \n\nI rate this excellent buffet second behind the Wynn's in both food quality and service.
I had the Kobe burger n fries... The burger was so dry! I loved the fries though! Glad I tried it, but wouldn't go back.
Groovy little coffee house where you can work remotely, have a great cup of coffee and sit outside by a lovely little man-made lake.  The staff has always been friendly when I've been here and the coffee and service is good.  Only downside, the free Wi-Fi is sloooow! UGH!
Terrible service. Mediocre food.
I started going to Desert Bronze when my other tanning salon shut their doors in the middle of the night.  Clare the owner of this salon made the transition easy.  And her shop is spotless well maintained bulbs are actually changed it looks to be on a regular basis.  They have my business....and highly recommend!
Normally I wouldn't a fan of tacky Planet Hollywood themed anything, but I was surprised how nice some of the rooms and the upgrades around the hotel in general are! \n\nThe larger suites are really big and the theme is fun and not TOO tacky :)
Very  trendy and cozy.  enjoyed  my Espresso in a very  relaxed way! Probably  not the ideal snack  place,  but if you are up for  a hot cup of coffee while watching the winter  outside,  the place is an ideal location.
The food is good and healthy and they offer a good price for some items if you dont have much money. But the owners are jerks.
Super breakfast! Half n Half: skillet with chicken potatoes egg avocado cheese. Yum! Plus protein pancakes. Great service. Coffee pot on our table. You definitely have to try this one!
Some of the best Mexican near Charlotte , been here millions of times only giving a four because I had one really bad experience
Very clean, fast service, very nice employees and good subs!!
Had green burrito with pork.  Excellent! Not fatty. \nDaughter had taquitos.  Loved them.
Best ambiance! Best service! Best carpaccio! Amazing steak! \nJohn the server is amazing. Start with Steve's chopped salad and Beef carpaccio and definitely get steak, any cut, they are all amazing. You will not be disappointed.
We came here REALLY late after 4AM and we all had pizza and grilled cheese. I have to say it was pretty good. The pizza has a nice little thin crust on it and not to oily. the grilled cheese was yummy as well.\nOverall great place to go late at night.
No visit to AZ is complete without brunch at ZUZU!  I always splurge on an Ho-J---which is so good I'll never settle for an orange Julius again!  Never had a bad entree on their menu! Love this place!
ordered fish & chips and fried shrimp, both were pretty bad. fish batter was soggy, coleslaw was very bland and had no flavor and fries were burnt. i will not return.
This is a really great place. The house is a large old house; nice breakfasts; short bus ride to the touristy parts of town. Highly recommended!
Amazing customer service and food. Great atmosphere. Thank you to both waiters that took care of us, Edgar and Juan
Bon, c'est pas le meilleur Ramen que je connaisse.
Arcadia area is very cool and Postino fits right in
I was fooled by these reviews!  I was visiting Scottsdale and drove by on Feb 18 and it was still under construction!!  My, how disappointed I was!!
Classy vibe with decent service and appetizers but entrees were disappointing.  I ordered the lamb shank special which was tough and barely warm.  Meanwhile, my fellow guest's steak was overcooked and waiter agreed it had to be returned.  I'd go back for drinks but not for a meal.
My only lament about Dotty Dumpling's is that they stopped serving the ostrich burger before I got to try it. Woe.\n\nOther than that--I don't know what else I can say other than: Best. Burgers. Evar.
worst experiense ever! I ordered from FTD website. The flower I got are weaky, old, unfresh. it looks so ugly! wont trust either FTD or this flower shop any more! Never! ever!
The Crepe Place is the highlight of this casino for me! The rooms were nothing special, just your standard casino room with a view of the strip. I will say that housekeeping was here extremely fast when we broke a glass in the room.
This place is huge, which is good when you have a group of people and are looking for a table.  The portions are huge and the sauces are tasty.  I wish they had a little bit more char or texture, but why nit pick.
Yet another place that people seemed to be duped into going to. Why do people think expensive=good. Are they all morons? Nothing about this establishment is good. The food is not made fresh on location and the service is just okay. Please look elsewhere for chinese food.
Came here for a beer after work on a Friday and wasn't too impressed. I don't think I am asking too much for my beer to be cold.  I think it was served in a glass that came right out of the dishwasher.
The lemonade was good. The panini cost $7.50, took 20 minutes (there were all of 4 people ahead of us), and tasted flavorless and dull, a little like what I would expect licking a dusty shelf would taste like. Never again.
Smells like feet in there!!!  I have not roller staked in 10 years so my body forgot and I fell.  OUCH!!!  We went with a B1G1 coupon.  The place is run down.  And bathrooms are a little gross.  The music was good and the staff was nice.
We arrived at 6:45, and it is now 8:35. We haven't received our food yet. The service had been pretty lame. Not that many people are even in the restaurant at the moment.
Service was kind of lousy. Came here on a holiday and so it was a mad house. Our estimated wait time was completely off. We waited for 45 mins when they told us 20. Food was good.
I've been to their happy hour so many times I can't even count. It is awesome! & their sushi is SO good. Sitting outside in nice weather is the best, but sitting inside is cool, too. Definitely check this place out!
Super bummed. The original owners of this location sold it. Not as good as it originally was...won't be going back.
We had the buffet at the Wynn on a Friday for lunch and were very disappointed. The selection and taste of the food was mediocre at best. The $25.99 price per buffet was definitely not worth it and we felt ripped off. We expected much more.
Tried twice to make a reso at this place foot dinner. One time they asked us to hold on to conform and left us on hold until we hung up. Second time they did not even pic up the phone. I hear the food is good here, too bad I won't be bringing my business here.
The only place in Laurenceville that has managed to not be over run by hipsters. \nThe bartenders are attentive & knowledgable. They actually make the drinks with more than a half a splash of alcohol
They offer a happy hour from 5pm to 6:45pm but when we arrived at 5:15pm they were booked until 9pm even though no one was in the restaurant. I'll post a photo of the empty restaurant. Take your wallet where they care about your business.
We ordered a dozen from here. All the donuts were great except for the cream filled. It was gooey in the middle so we through them away. Stay away from that but otherwise I really liked it and will be coming back.
All I have to say is that I just showed up to this place for breakfast at 8 AM and they're not even open. If you're going to serve breakfast items, at least be open for breakfast.
Good food. A great selection of dishes. The atmosphere is very relaxed but several dishes are on the pricier side.
Great date night spot.  Casual and warm.  Pizza is solid.
Ku noodle is the perfect place for authentic Chinese food. Catherine was amazing and very accommodating. There was an item that ran out but she made it happen for me. \nPatrick my bartender was very knowledgable and made this amazing drink called nakamura. I will be coming back because of these two.
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!\nFirst I must say the rolls were amazing! The best I ever had in Las Vegas. \nSecondly the staff were friendly and very attentive.\nI'm in love with jumping rice~
Came here for lunch and I LOVED IT!! It's my favorite restaurant for now on, and also we did received the best service our waiter was TOMMY he is amazing !!!! Ask for him
Amazing place!!! Best pedicure I have ever received and I get them on the regular. Wish this place was back home. Ben totally made my feet feel baby soft without hurting me! Plus he added a scrub on the house! Totally worth every penny!
I fell in love with their White Chocolate Mocha, when I tried it for the first time at their SF location. When I saw it in the Venetian, I ran straight to the coffee joint to buy myself a cup of that heaven. Excellent, as always!
Here again and just love love love this place!  My friends had the chicken fried steak and eggs and they said it was awesome!
This place is awesome. I go allllll the time. They have awesome brands I love like urban decay. They also have cheaper brands like nyx. I love that you can try anything out. It helps me decide whether to buy it or not. And I always use the coupons I get in the mail and get really good deals.
Meh.  They don't deliver to Swissvale.
I went here once when I first moved to Pittsburgh. My shirts came back poorly pressed and some had broken buttons. I was disappointed.
This is probably the worst buffet I have ever had.  And vegas is renowned for buffets.  What a disappointment.
I called head so I wouldn't have to wait for my drink order, a poor over that usually takes several minutes.\nIt was ready and waiting for me when I arrived exactly as I ordered. Once again friendly service and a quick trip. Thanks guys
Cuban Pork Sandwich = tasteless and not worth the calories. It looks really good, but this tastes like it could have come from Chili's or Denny's.\n\nI do have to hand it to them for the number of big screens showing the various sporting events and of course the healthy selection of beers.
This is for the Octane Lounge upstairs near the showroom.  The bartender didn't know what a black opal was.  Non-import beer was six bucks and a mixed drink goes for eleven.  The dance floor was tiny and ducted taped to the floor.  Lame.
KMart is a complete ripoff!!! Don't shop there!!!  They overcharge you for stuff and then give you complete crap when you try to get a refund.
Good authentic NY pizza, taste just like the pizza from B'klyn. When you order they give you a street sign to identify you and your order; all the street signs I saw are authentic. I am a native of B'klyn.
Corporate burgers has options.
Very fast, proffessional and a good value.
Buffet was good, but not spectacular.\n\nIn the Asian/Chinese section, I found the juciest BBQ Pork, otherwise the entrees were ok.\n\nDeserts were average.....ambience was not memorable.
Can't comment on the food, it takes forever to come out.  The owner was sooo rude and reeked so badly of cigarettes that we left.  You may want to try it quickly as I dont suspect this place will make it.
Average small-town diner feel in all the good and bad ways. Food tastes pre-cooked or frozen, meny is too large, service is great, and it's breakfast all day.
Probably the 2nd best Chinese food in Surprise. I much prefer Big Buddha on Greenway and the 303, however this is much closer to my house so occasionally I will find myself stopping in. It is the definition of mediocore Chinese food. Pro-tip Don't order anything fried.
The filet is amazing and the service is exceptional. This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix - I highly recommend it!!
I have been seeing  Dr. Wlodek  for years. I have always been impressed with their professionalism, and friendly staff. The doctor takes the time to explain everything, and remembers you like family. Very comfortable and warm place to get great treatment for eye care. \n\nJHumphrey -
Love this place! Awesome outdoor patio and beer selection! Happy hour prices can't be beat.
Never seen a bar (especially a hotel bar) so anxious to close checks and have patrons go away. Happened to me both at lunch and dinner; I watched same happen all around me. Too bad because beer selection was good and atmosphere was inviting. Would have otherwise enjoyed spending more time and money here.
Groovy little coffee house where they roast their own beans from all over the world.  Very friendly service.  Nice, easy, laid back, quiet atmosphere.  My coffee latte was goood! Outside shaded area to sit.  I like this place!
Their pharmacy service has become slow. 30 minutes just to drop-off or pick-up! Ridiculous!
My bf really wanted pizza so we decided to try this place out. The service is terrible and the pizza was the greasiest thing I have ever seen. The combo is a can of soda and nothing else. I am never coming back here again!!
Such an awesome show. So much fun to be had. The music is great, the dancing is outstanding and the comedy is top rate.
No tap beer! Seriously? We found out the owner was from New York, no wonder. Any burger joint worth anything has a selection of craft beers, Burgers were ok, but not special, forget the special sauce. String onion rings were greasy. This place won't last in this space.
Really loved the atmosphere, it was so calm and nice in there. One thing that bothered me was the fact that we each got one bread bun, and that was it. I wanted more. That bread was delicious. I'm bitter about that. Fast service, nice waiters and waitresses and yummy food!
Room are better than the used to be.  The staff is ok.   But the main hotel is a little dirty and the pool is so so.  I would not recommend going for the pool.  Nothing to get excited about.   But the price is right for what you get.
Third time I've gotten sick after eating here....never again!
Pizza is really expensive for nothing special and the service is deficient. I asked for a dessert and they had no more dessert and it was 8 pm really unprofessional. i don't recommend it at all.
The restaurant was closed to the efforts of the anti-smoking Nazi's. The beer is still great but I miss the food.
Voodoo round 2.. Ordered 12 wings and two pies.. They forgot half my order and I didn't notice until I got home.. The food is tasty but service needs attention. Step it up or you'll be gone the way of Gutheries.
Great Salon! Great People! Really friendly & Helpful staff!  Marion Dodd is my hair stylist and she is amazing! She always makes me feel beautiful! Highly recommend this salon!
My new favorite bar in Phoenix! Dress anywhere from Casual to Fancy and you fit in. Two step, hip hop, slow dancing, line dancing. They have everything. \n\nThe bar tenders are incredible and take care of you well! TIP EM BIG!!
I was not impressed. If your looking for 50's style stuff that is a bit overpriced this is the place for you. Personally I like older antiques then that. The people inside weren't very friendly either.
cheap and open for you and all your friends.  Very very little ambience though.  Although, they do you have shuffleboard!
Love goodwill. I like how they price everything the same unlike Savers who price certain items of clothing different. Savers is whack. Goodwill is where it's at;)
Total negative! Wouldnt take my groupon. Just lost 4 customers in line... we have our vouchers that is proof of payment its not our fault you dont have your stuff straight! Dont sell a groupon if youre not ready to take them. Used to be a regular now I'm never going back...
Boring. Second year in a row they have used the same theme. Nothing new and exciting. Go to the Wynn for a beautiful flower carrousel and hot air balloon.
Discount tire is normally pretty good, they were very busy on this day so I waited in line for about 25 minutes. It wasnt great but they didnt get my tires taken care of so I cant complain to much.
Love this place. Jock looks good although he may give the groomers a hard time because of a broken jaw. They take good care of him
Great Pho, eggrolls, spring rolls, and iced coffee.  This place is always PACKED on Saturdays around 7pm and all sorts of interesting Asian dishes are going out to tables.  If you need some good Pho, you will not be disappointed.
The food's pretty good, and there are lots of options, although it has a bit of that all-tasting-the-same problem that sometimes happens at brunch places.\n\nAlso, be prepared to wait in line and then feel kind of crowded when you're eating.
I love their food and the view.  The lamb dish and an apple pie were amazing.\nAlthough some people may care, the service and the price is ok to me.
Happy Happy :)\nGreat service and food! I am a vegetarian and they had a really beautiful platter . Presentaion and taste were exceptional. I will go back again . I highly recommend trying it out.
Great experience. I called and that afternoon they were out to fix my broken windshield. They showed up in the promised time frame, quickly replaced the windshield, and did great work! If I need another windshield replaced I'll definitely contact them again!
had lunch there today with 2 coworkers. food was fine. the music was so loud we were literally yelling at each other.  LOWER THE MUSIC VOLUME at least for the lunch crowd.  Yikes... it was hard rock and it was LOUD!
Been several times, always to the bar area or the patio. Highly suggest the patio for a girls nite out: classy & casual at the same time, fun, upbeat, great place to chat it up.  Great selection of wine by the glass, unique little (i do mean tiny) appies to nosh on.
Ordered for delivery and after an hour and a half without my food I drove down and was told they had not even started my order. NEVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.
They specialize in producing chocolate directly from the actual cocoa beans, what they call \"bean to bar\". \n\nThey also sell several types of different (artisan) chocolate and serve some real hot chocolate (this is much more than chocolate powder on milk) on their store.
huge selections and the customer service always seem to be helpful.
One of the most unprofessional companies to deal with. The HOA due was cashed, yet they mailed my mother in law a missed payment letter. Now she has to provide proof that they cashed the check.
This place is the best their staffs very friendly and helpful you don't have to wait like emergency. My 9 months old son got virus cough and throwing up I took him there and they safe my son life. I am highly recommended them to everyone! Thank you Mary for safe my son life :)
Le Chalet was super good.  The crepes are varied & filled with yummy deliciousness. And to top it off the waiter was oober cute.
We just ate there and the food was terrible, my beef was as dry as could be and not fresh half way through the meal I wished I was at the food court, my wife's meal was just as bad never going their again.
Whoever is doing their ordering should be fired.  They don't have any of the organic cage free eggs, and haven't for over a week.  The bread shelves are almost empty.  And tomorrow is back to school.  Seriously thinking about finding a new store.
This place has amazing food!   But if i remember correctly, they're only open till mid afternoon (3-4pm?), so go early for a hearty breakfast.\n\nYou'll have such a good meal you'll feel like Burt Reynolds, or something.\n\nJust go here.
Overpriced and very rude management. I have given this place many chances because I love live jazz but when my friends get charged for tap water or scolded for sitting in the bar area for no reason, I have no desire to come back.
We were delighted to discover a Cora's in Kitchener. Anyone in the area in need of some quality breakfast, look no further.
The park is probably better known for its 6.5 miles of single track mountain biking trails.  It has a little something for all skill levels, but it's very rooty.
Giant portions for SO CHEAP. Service is slow sometimes but the deal is worth it!!!! The AZ style bowls can fill you up and it's less that 4 bucks.
Upscale steakhouse that I prefer over the other, well known places like the Keg and Flemings. \n\nUnique decor throughout has a modern vibe. Service is exceptional and the bar is very good as well. Great location also makes this place a must stop.
Average Indian food and very overpriced ...\nNice ambience . Good for a date although Indian food in general is not really recommended for first dates ;)\nGood for business dinner or lunch .
It was my first visit & I have to give it 5 stars just because I got 3 pairs of TOMS for under $40. Yup. Nuff said.
Great martini's here and great vibe.  Really enjoy starting the evening here.
I've tried best sushi restaurants in NYC (japonais, morimoto, nobu), Bahamas paradise island nobu, some outstanding places in London and Moscow. Trust me you won't find better sushi place in Montreal than Jun-i. Try their special rolls menu and unfiltered sake. The best.
They are rude and unhelpful... Food tho good is very overpriced even for vegas def needs to be skipped
Not impressed by this place! The whole place is ran by a bunch of teenagers who just dont care. Blizzards are lacking ingredients and not mixed well. Orders get mixed up and you end up with the wrong blizzard. I love DQ but I wont go back here.
Reasonably priced good eats.  Attentive service and friendly staff.   Counter seats available. Open 24 hrs!
Never had a bad meal here. Prob been to this location 4or 5 times. Tried something different each time. Love that they push their product outside on sample trays.  Staff is friendly, food is not over priced and always tasty.
I see as many males posting about Lush as I saw in the store, and the other guy worked there.  I love the soaps at Lush.  I even send small bars to family members for stocking stuffers on holidays.  It's nice to come home after a long day working on cars to a nice scented soap.
Used to be good a few years ago now plan on leaving dirty : (
Easy to find right off southern. Not the best I've ever had but passable. Missing several condiments I am used to with pho. Asian cilantro, nam pla, etc broth was good, generous steak and noodles. Not going out of my way to eat here however.
My meal was amazing. The guacamole was great as well as my partner's Indian taco. Our waiter was great as well.
We had to put our dog down and they were very professional and made the decision easier. I highly recommend them. Dr B is a great vet
We are regulars here.  Love the convenience of having a Barro's near us!  Great pitcher deals and we love the wings.
amazing food, i loved the kobe burger, and the lobster mash potatoes. . . everything was well cooked
Is there an option for no stars? I call ahead for my food for my lunch break. They never make it until I walk in the door. Their customer service is horrible and their pizza is horrible. It doesn't even sit under a heat lamp. And this wasn't just a one time only occurrence. This has happened multiple times
Okay, like most of the reviews here mine will be similar. \n\nThe food is okay, The beer is very good, the waitresses are great to fantasize over.\n\nOther then that I would not go here, especially with a family. They have wireless but it is worthless.
Try their new menu items!!! Jun's Kalbi soup is still my favorite, but I had their new dishes such as JaJang men and hot wings. They were awesome!!!!! Jun's has the best quality Korean food in the town.
Love the Belgium burger! The lamb inside is fantastic. The desserts are also great. They have a great many of beer collection! Love it
Amazing gym! Coaches are great! Their open gym and summer camp are great programs! Hands down best place in AZ for gymnastics!
Best chicken strips and BBQ sauce around! I was quite impressed! Always the best drink prices around. I love grabbing a $5 Bloody Mary in the evening or on Sundays. And they are dog friendly which is a huge plus in my book! Tempe Tavern is a great neighborhood spot to frequent throughout the week and on the weekends.
Place is pretty awesome. It's a very unique way to sell pizza. Everything is well priced, and the service is fast. Service is average, nice girls but not all that friendly or welcoming. Food quality definitely makes up for it though! The decor is pretty cool as well.
Fresh ingredients and authentic atmosphere set this place apart for Pho. #18 was excellent and the regular size was plenty
Great place for Crispy Duck, one of my all time favorite dishes. Any of the panang curries are excellent as well. I recommend coming in before 630 as the dinner rush can be quite intense.
Pretty Cool, Good Music Great Drinks.... And Mechanical Bull, Few Friends Got On, It Was Fun, I Will Be Back, Also On The Other Side Theres A Club With Dance Floor And Dj
What's not to like about Russian/Eastern European meat or potato dumplings?  I think I will grab some for dinner the next time I'm downtown.
The best pizza in Arizona. I've been to Italy several times, and Pomo's pizza does not fall short.
Hungover on Sunday and your man is dragging you out to watching Football? I pretend to hate going to watch football but $4 bloody marys on Sunday I will hoot and holler alllll day! They are delish and the bartender taught me a drinking game to give me a reason to want to watch the game.
A party of five, we were seated quickly but waited nearly 30 minutes before we decided to walkout. No acknowledgment at all by no one. Very poor customer service and will not return there at all... There are lot of restaurants that are willing to take me monies.
I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I've had a couple Chow Chow's who a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years.
Just tried to get breakfast and walked out. We walked in to no one even saying hello but 2 girls talking to each other. Waited 3 awkward minutes for them to finally say something and was finally say outside. Then sat for 30 minutes without anyone even saying hi or getting us a drink. Walked out and never coming back! You guys suck!
The bathroom is disgusting, it should be check on regularly, especially when there are 3 of you working an no one actually doing anything and you're not busy.\n\nAs far as service and product, it's Starbucks.
Outstanding fresh meat. I bought some Tri-tip, Venison and baby back ribs for the first time. I usually buy meat at Costco, but was just delighted with BBQ results, and everyone at the party kept saying how fresh the meat tasted. I am from now on a returning customer.
Tried to eat there with family for lunch.  Only had 1 server who couldn't get to our table to get us even water.  We finally got up and left after 15 minutes.
I have enjoyed dining here.  The food is generally very good, maybe a little expensive, and I will continue to come back.
Great spot! Love all the menu options.  Popcorn lobster is my favorite.  The service is great and the waiters are very friendly.  The location is okay, but it is easy to get to.  This is one of the best AYE sushi spots in Las Vegas.  I hope this was helpful!
Terrible offering and service.  Few products to choose from.  Was shocked to see the grumpy, rude cashier was also the manager.  Wouldn't return.  Sorry I spent any money there.  Online or alternate store would be worlds better.
Great sushi. Had the Salmon Dream and the Spicy Tuna roll. Service was great and quite friendly. The space may be a little small but the atmosphere is very relaxing. The location was easy to fun with it being just behind the waterfall on the corner of Trade and Tryon
This store lost a customer. After the manager disrespected my role as customer I no longer will be ordering from this particular store.
The food was just not up to par.
They have really good cheap sandwiches for lunch
Low quality ingredients, terrible powder hot chocolate, lukewarm coffee, and all overpriced. Not worth it. This isn't the same Sugar Factory from three-four years ago.
Food didn't have much flavor and service could've been better.
Great food. Love the street tacos. Well done presentation. Reasonable prices. Street tacos are $1.50 during happy hour. Atmosphere is neither too loud nor too quiet. You can have conversations!  But the food is the reason to come. Choose your salsa from ten varieties.
Awesome burgers, great fries and fantastic shakes! Best \"fast food\" in the neighborhood!
Are you serious this is an awesome show.... Its a must see show when you go to vegas. I have seen it twice. I cant wait to go back to las vegas again. Its worth the money spent on the show..
Been here a few times, and they never disappoint! Pizza, pasta, sandwiches, and garlic bread are fantastic!
Pizza was mediocre, With an expensive price tag. Pizza and side if wings for 50 bucks is expensive. I paid expecting great pizza, but that was not the case.
Ron and his son did a great job fixing the drain in the shower. They arrived when they said they would and finished the job quickly and thoroughly. Ron even had some helpful suggestions to improve the functioning of the shower and drain that I could do myself. I would definitely recommend he and his son's services and will call them again in the future.
there's so many reviews on this place that mine will probably just get lost, so let me just say...\n\nburgers are amazing.\nfries are even more amazing.\nadd bacon to your burger. droool.\n\nexpensive, but worth it!
Good food fast service. A little bit expensive over all. Every time I have been there the place has been packed. Possibly the best Thai place by my house.
Nothing worse than not having a completed Yelp profile or having a mobile website. Lost my interest.
Incredibly rude employees. Will never be back.
Great Pozole & Ceviche! Family owed and operated they put the love into their food!
This place is like a 3.5.\n\nThe atmosphere is nice.  The menu has a wide variety of food choices. The prices were reasonable.  The food was solid, but nothing spectacular.  I would try this place again.  I think it has 4 star potential, so I'd like to try some more menu items.
Great food with good price. Have been there at least twice a month since their opening. For sure to visit more later.
Amazing!!! Burgers were awesome! Tater tots were awesome! Blood Mary was spicy. Love this place!
Limited selection, okay pricing, after-sales service sucks!
These guys will outright lie to you about the games you are buying to make a sale.  Do not shop here.
I love this place for brunch. The food is terrific, the staff is friendly and the setting is unique, right on Lake Monona in a historic building.
I had the special (a chicken sandwich) and it was okay.  I've only been once and it seemed a little pricey...but I could be wrong.  I will probably head back sometime though.  Good place to play Trivia on Tuesday.
Probably one of the best German restaurants that I've been to and that includes some in Germany!  Food is absolutely authentic and so are th staff.  Reasonable prices, casual atmosphere, nothing fancy, just good German food. German beer on tap too!
Wow. Completely disappointed. I had the commuter. When did English muffins lose their crispness, holes and flavor. Not impressed at all.
Place is awesome. Have been there for lunch during the week as well as the weekend. Never lets me down.  Probably some of the best pizza I have had.
Poor customer service. Just because it's a small place so it gets pack easily, they don't care for return customers or their services. They don't care for your business.
Food are very salty! I prefer Bamboo Club in Scottsdale. Very bad experience, poor customer service. Staffs are not professional. I wouldn't recommended it.
This pace is the Bomb when it comes to Pho soup.  The service is great and you can see the cooks prepping your food.  The Pho soup has a great taste to it.  Jenny Pho used to be my spot but after trying Rainbow Pho we never looked back.
The fish was gross and the service was aweful :( we were really looking forward to going and were so disappointed with the outcome :( Looked and tasted like it was from the freezer section in the market, and our waitress was the absolute worst. Will never, ever go back
I just want to point out that there is a difference between inflammation and being burnt. I would hope that your employees understand that. I get my eyebrows waxed once a month so I know what it should look/feel like.
Meh, their Thai was good, but way too much Chinese stuff on their menu.  I go during lunch, and the service can be a bit slow then.  Decor is about on par for other Thai strip mall joints.
I really like this place !!! The taste is good but I like people there. The servers look like they are brothers but all are very quiet but kind and don't bother you with over kindness. And their boba tea is the best in town !!!!
Was there recently on a Friday night.  I still like this place.  It has many, many, many great taps.  I wouldn't suggest ordering the all you can eat fish tacos.  It's not that they were bad, but they weren't memorable.
wonderful little cafe! the food was plentiful and really good. The staff was friendly and efficient!!  will go there often!
Urban Tea Loft is CLOSED!  I was just here in May and got some awesome lime tea.  Stopped by today and was told by a neighboring store that they closed up two weeks ago.
The problem with Sport Books is that they mostly need to cater to the Horse Race gamblers, so when it comes to sports, they don't have the room to accommodate those gamblers especially during March Madness.  Having said that, this is one of the better ones.  Many screens are available.
Been here a couple times mainly due to the short distance, loved it until it gave me and others food poisoning. Not sure what on earth was wrong with it but I even went to the Banner hospital nearby because I was chronically vomiting every 30 or so minutes. Never eating food from a place full of dirty teenage employees.
This might be funny to some of you, but I never seen a Sun Devil game here. I was lucky to catch a few of the old USFL Arizona Wranglers or Arizona Outlaws games. It was a lot of fun, and I can only imagine how great it would be in a college atmosphere!!
This is one of my least favorite Home Depot locations.  This one just seems to consistently let me down compared to others in the valley.  Hard to point specific things, but it just seems less organized and harder to find help.  All else being equal, I'd go to a different location.
Nice office, nice staff.  Dr. McCracken diagnosed my issue in like three seconds flat and got me the needed Rx to solve the problem.
Here in Anthem, they always do a great job.  Their roll-out of the new, more efficient containers was well coordinated and informative beforehand.  Just hope my bill is reduced because they only collect once a week now.
Always a great place to get authentic, home made Mexican food in a casual environment. The house Sangria is also home made and delicioso!
When we are in town the Leon\u00e9 Caf\u00e9 is Starting to become our Saturday morning breakfast spot. Great location, healthy selection and generous portions. Also dog friendly, and on weekend the farmers market is open.
I've never been one to be jonesing for doughnut holes, but these doughnut holes will have me struggling! They are light and fluffy, melt in your mouth, and not overly sweet. What makes them even sweeter is the price....one dozen for 99 cents?! Yep. Nothing more to say.
By far one of the Top 5 poker rooms in Las Vegas. Plenty of tables, good action, and good overall room. My go to spot.
Lobster bisque and snow crab legs were amazing.  Streak was great too!
Not the best Indian food that I have had but pretty good for Arizona!! I would recommend the dish with black pepper and shrimp (don't remember the exact name).
I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to eat breakfast or lunch here. Most of their menu items are rather \"non-traditional\", so if you're looking for some good old fashioned pancakes, or a \"normal\" sandwich, this is not the place for you.
Bring a friend to share the desserts. Or two friends. You'll need 'em. Btw, if you're feeling really crazy, there's a 100 USD treasure chest of sweets.....Omg, I was so tempted.
The service was not that great. I got 2 slices of pizza and they reheated them. They were still cold when they gave them to me. Not the best pizza place in Charlotte.
Caesars is iconic on the strip and a great place to see a concert or show.  The restaurants are pretty good and the bar scene and casino are very crowded, at least on the weekend nights.
It was a quick, easy, and inexpensive way to get my smog test!  The tech was most friendly.  I used to go to the Sinclair station by the DMV, but it is now a Shell with the most rude people.  Express Smog is close to Q-Doba!  See you next year!
Bad place for customer service. I purchased insurance for my ipod at this location and while I was waiting the lady at the customer service counter insisted that needed a Spanish brochure because of my Spanish last name. What a retard.
Last week - tire was low.\nPulled into Gunnells at 7:30am (they open at 7:30am)\nOut by 07:55am\nthanks Gunnell Family for always being there.\nNick from Sweet Cakes Cafe, Mesa, AZ
Not impressed at all. The service was ok but they actually ask for tip every time. Didn't mention that they take bottle rights on wine and almost charged us. Basil is not even served with your soup and whenever u ask for it, all u get is one stem. I don't understand how that place gets 5 stars
Just like the Rubio's places in California! The quality here is actually VERY good for a restaurant chain in a food court. If you want to have a great meal, I suggest getting a Big Burrito Especial with a World Famous Fish Taco.
Um, let's just say you do get your clothes returned in plastic wrap...that's about it.
Do not patronize this place  yuck I ordered a couple slices and got day old reheated pizza.  They apparently are not honest either because they charged full price for their happy hour draft.  I will never go back!
I had this a couple weeks ago late at night, it wasn't bad for $8 for an XL with ground beef. The fact that it is 24 hours is always a good thing.
They have sweet and savory awesome crepes.  Top notch service. Need to try their shakes and boba drinks.
You get what is expected.  Cheap wanna be mexican food.  I basically go to Taco bell because I can eat for less than 6 bucks.  I do love the Mexican Pizza though and nobody else currently sells anything like it that I know of in fast food.
Never an issue with service. The sweet and sour chicken always seems to be missing correct amount of chicken. But great quality Food.
Good food, friendly service. However, we were among the first to arrive at 11am and it wasn't yet busy but took sooooo long to get out food, or food boxed, our check, and then out check & card returned. We were only 3 people and it took almost 90 minutes. We had No special orders or requests.
Not impressed. Too many ghetto people flock to this location. Felt like I was partying with the Bridge and Tunnel crowd
Corn bread does come with the catfish meal. The last time I dined here, they forgot my  muffin.
Will Never go there again, overpriced for pizza and service was blah
Had a carne asada burrito, and it was one of the worse burritos I've ever had. Just plain tasting and the meat was dry and full of Grisel, won't be going back.
This place is ok.  It's 2ed to the Ceaser's palace buffet in my eyes.  I love the environment setting here just because it feels like outside dining. Other then that the food is somewhat quality and it's a good experience.
Be careful what you purchase.  For $50 you get the smallest arrangement they can make.  Salesperson made it sound like it would serve 4 but actually only 1-2.  If they would bother to have displays with fake fruit, you could make a better choice or just leave.
Stand up guys. Scott took care of me and didn't pressure me into any repairs. He was kind enough to quote the needed repairs and offered to just do the bare minimum (safely of course) to get me back on the road.  I'll be referring friends to this shop so long as they are in business.
They did a good job. I'd go back.
Ordered a Large Villa Special (Delivery)\nIt was soggy in the middle & the bottom side of it as pure flour.\nI don't think I'll be ordering from here again. (Oh yeah, the driver got lost & I might as well have picked it up myself)
I ate here for breakfast. While the food was good I didn't feel that two drinks and two entrees are worth almost $80, especially for the amount of food you get.
Slow service, once you get it lunch is over. Called to inform them, nothing done! Bad Habit!!!
Great Sunday brunch spot but get here before 11am! \n\nBreakfast poutine was good but very heavy and rich, croque Monsieur was delicious! Great hash browns and many gluten free options
I thought I was going to die without my caffeine fix.  The drive thru line took forever and the parking lot was full.  I don't understand why after the service I got.
Went to see about some dogs to adopt and never received a call back! so thankful we found another place to find our dog.
Everyone liked their food, nice atmosphere. Tried to get a substitution of potatoes for spetzle, no dice. One we were done, we felt pressure to get out and make room for the next batch of tourists.
OK we where here twice when we where in Charlotte.  The ribs are really good and they do have yelp specials.  There are a lot of BBQ places in town but you not going to go wrong with McKoy's.
Very dissatisfied with our visit here. The wait staff had major attitude and were down right rude. The food was ok, but when we were done I broke out in hives on my face and arms. I don't have food allergies so what the heck!
Great Magic Mushroom burger, fries were a bit too soft for my taste but nice and thick...super friendly gal too. Guava lemonade was tasty, mango one wasn't very good, tastes synthetic. Great service and nice atmosphere. Cheap too.
Easily my favorite place to eat in Madison.  Great Lao-Thai food.  Curries are fantastic and make sure to start with a soup.  They're always good.  Tip: place is tiny and you will wait.  Either get carry out or head across the street to the Weary Traveler to grab a beer while you wait for your table.
Food was bland. They forgot my order. Very disappointing.
Eh. We didn't exactly enjoy ourselves here for a number of reasons (even though it was free and we were staying at the MGM). The biggest reason was that we were def looking to party but the crowd seemed really subdued and that made us feel really awkward. We stayed for  like half an hour and then left.
Terrible service - sat for 30mins before being presented with a few frozen chips and a crap burger! \n\n\u00a310 it cost and it was awful!
Favorite place for cheap late-night eats. Try the fried wontons or a curry roll if you just need a small amount of food (don't forget extra moon sauce!) or the general tso's with brown rice.
Obsessed with this place. Breakfast buzz is a perfect post workout meal and any of their wraps are guaranteed to cure a hang over.
It's places like these that really makes me hate going out in Scottsdale.  A pretentious, somber lit establishment where waitresses look like Dita Von Tease.  The one pro of this place is the lit up menus.  Those are pretty rad.  I will not be coming back!!
It's not the greatest Target of all time but it still meets all of your basic needs.\n\nIf you're looking for produce, lower prices, and bigger selection in every department then head to the Target in East Liberty.
Stopped in for lunch. Ordered the tuna sandwich and a cup of coffee. Sandwich was delicious. Good coffee. Great customer service.
I've only been once so far but the work that Jose did was top notch.  Not the cheapest tailor but you get what you pay for in terms of quality work and a very professional attitude. I will definitely be back here for alterations in future and will think hard about having some bespoke clothing made.
Pretty Empty place, but had a good deal on chairs for tailgate season.
Great fun, & great food. Usually crowded so get there early. Our group tried 4 different entries, and they were all good.
Its a cool spot to go.. \nNothing outstanding... only been here ONCE since it changed from Midtown Sundries.\n\nI'll go again and may update it (my review) if something \"Review Worthy\" happends.
My first trip here, very clean and I love the aluminum chairs! The food was hot and fresh and I love their special sauce too. TOAST!
Great service, top notch management, great food and fantastic view of the strip.. have dinner at Nove, go hang out at the Playboy club upstairs later and finish your night at Drai's... I love Vegas ! :)
Went here with three couples before a cirque show. Atmosphere was great however sushi and drinks were not worth the price. I would go elsewhere.
Absolutely love the concept and the food here. Recently went to try their Palestinian food--the fattoush was excellent. Always have plenty of vegetarian options. People who work here are knowledgeable and love to talk when it's less crowded. Favorite place to eat in Oakland
Great sushi love the Lisa Lisa roll. Open late with happy hour too!!! Love to drop by with friends and hang at the sushi bar. Only con is it is 21 and over. So have to do take out for the kids. \n\nService is great!! Friendly staff make for a great experience.
I love their shredded beef taco and beans and rice. They have great carne Asada burritos and green chili chimis. I love the the drive thru.
Just your average Starbucks.  Nothing special.  The breakfast sandwiches are so hot and burn my mouth on every occassion.  I have told the sales people but they say they have to cook them at a certain temperature.
Food is overall good but every roll has imitation crabmeat. I'm pretty sure this is their way of getting you full when you choose all you can eat.
Terrible service.  Decent appetizers.  Main courses were mediocre.
Go here.
Absolutely terrible customer service! First time we ever ordered from them and took them and hour and half before we gave in frustration of hearing \"it will be there in 2 minutes\" mean while waiting an additional 15 minutes with no delivery for my family. Never will order from them again.
Not bad. A little pricey, but the food's good.
I love this place! I get the Remington every time - it's so good! These guys definitely know how make a sandwich the right way! Plenty of toppings that go from crust to crust and a huge variety of sandwich combinations! Oh yeah and you gotta love the little cookie that comes with!
DB's is fantastic place, with a wonderful atmosphere!! The food is excellent, and is always absolutely perfect!!!\nOur favorite waitress is Maggie, she's soo friendly, ALWAYS has a smile, Remembers you and your kids. Never have to hunt her down.. LOVE HER!!
This is the best of all Kanda restaurants! The service is very fast, the food is amazing and the place is very nice too.
I wanted to give this place a couple of extra stars after trying the breakfast burritos. They are pretty tasty. I still say steer clear of the chicken fajitas though.
Food was just okay, atmosphere was nice. Friendly waitstaff.
Tony greeted me the second I walked in. I was in kind of a hurry you got two slices to me within 5 minutes and they were outstanding. Authentic corner shop feel, I highly recommend Casanova brothers pizza.
My GOD this place is way too busy for there to only be 3 TSA agents on staff. Seriously.\n\nThe taxi line is way fast and super efficient, which is beautiful. Other than that, it's an airport. Not much else to say.
Beautiful downtown property with amazing guest rooms
This place was recommended to me for wings. Horrible wings, bad food, one member in our party found hair in his food & another got sick. \n\nThis was at the Huntersville location.\n\nNever again.
10pm on a Friday night.  Wanted a hassle free french dip sandwich.  Tried Subway substitute steak sandwich.  Horrible.  How can they call it meat let alone steak?
Yay for hiking I would go here right after we've had a rainy day because then the scenery is amazing and you feel like you're in Hawaii! Free parking and not too far from the 51! Hike was a medium difficulty :)
great for a quick seafood fix
1) quick\n2) good variety deals\n3)reasonably priced \n4) orange chicken is great\n5) lo mein rice is great \n6) orange beef was not cooked right
Decent store. Good selection. The 20% restocking fee on return items is a big no-no however. That sort of thing really shouldn't even be legal.
Nothing come close on Fremont street or even on the main strip. GO THERE and see why the Mayor name and restaurant will blow your socks off.\n\nService, food and drinks all top notch.
My coworker brought me here for lunch. I had the shrimp and fish ceviche on a tostada shell. It was ok i wasnt blown away like i thought. I may have to try a diffrent dish on the menu to see this place stacks up. This place isn't cheap as you can see on the menu.
Good food, nice place to have a glass of wine and pizza  with friends and family. Great entertainment.
My parent's love this place and now, so do I.  It is New York Style pizza (thinner crust and longer slices) very much like we got back home in NY.  Dont let their prices deceive you as it is pretty good!
Course was okay (not great) and the drink cart only came by once.
I can't tell you how the food was because we went almost 10 mins ( or the duration of 2 songs) without someone checking if we even wanted something to drink.  The people next to us looked like they didn't have anything on their table either and they were there before us.
We are excited to have a new, non-chain restaurant in the area, but found the service to be slow and our server uninformed about menu.\n Flatbread was dry and burned on the bottom. We plan on returning when they have been open a little longer and hope for a better experience.
Love it.  Especially the Musli
Good place to get quality gelato and relax on their patio.
They have a Balenciaga store???  Whaaaaaat!
5 stars all the way. Affordable food and very tasty. Service is always awesome. Food comes out quick perfect for lunch break!
I expected a lot based on the Yelp reviews. I was highly disappointed. The food was good, but nothing exceptional. There are many other buffets in Vegas that are better for the same price. The desserts looked better than they tasted.
I saw this place on one of the food channels and decided hey where in PHX why not nope they had a sign on the door closed Saturday for memorial day ?? really I would think yes Monday your closed Memorial day not Saturday ? lame anyways maybe next time.
In town for the Steelers game and found this place for breakfast.  Awesome food prepared perfectly. Would recommend to anyone traveling to Pittsburg. Will definitely eat here again.
The food is wonderful here!!  I've tried everything and love it all.  My favorite is the combo kabob plate you get a little bit of everything and you can share it with a friend.  They serve you lots of food so be hungry or just take rest home for another meal.
Better than Panda, we had the caramel chicken, spicy and good, but the chicken was a bit dry, brown rice was good.  Not bad for airport food
\"It will be a 25-35 minute wait\". AN HOUR AND A 20 MINUTES LATER. . we got called but were already at the bar. Good food but they need to buy bigger restaurants..
They have great bands, the seating is good...but I think they reserve too many tables.  Kinda annoying when you walk in and each table has a reserved sign on it.  The VIP area is nice...but you can't see the stage worth a darn.  Good food.  I always have fun when I'm there.
Great pizza. Very friendly staff. Slices are very big and you can add additional toppings to their already made pizzas. Cool find.   Grab a slice, a glass of wine and walk out front to the sofas by the pool table.
The pharmacy here is a joke. .. I have had several occasions of bad service here on top of one very rude pharmacist. ..Go across the street and save yourself the headache!
This was a great place to have dim sum, since they have changed chefs it hasn't been the same for me. My kids even noticed the difference with the food. The price is still lower than most places, but quality is not the same.
This is a great place to go with a cool, laid back atmosphere. The Bruschetta and Wine deal they feature on Monday & Tuesday night is a great deal. Plus, a nice patio to relax with friends afterwork. Highly recommend it!
When an experience is perfect, I've gotta give it five stars.  The hostess, waitress and chef we're friendly and helpful.\n\nI had a caprese sandwich.  They bake their own pannini rolls fresh every morning.  This is a winner
This place is a little pricey, but it was one of the best burgers I've had in a very long time. I can definitely see this being one of my regular Vegas stops.
I have to say that today I had a great sandwich. It was much better than subway. It was an italian sub and it was delicious. Perhaps the night staff is more liberal with toppings and meat because this sandwitch was more appropriately filled. Good job!
We visited the Great American Pub for the first time.  The food was great and the service was super!  We had wings and the chopped salad, and enjoyed both.  \n\nThanks Christina!  The Great American Pub is going on our short list of fun places.
Wasn't really impressed with Coyote Alley.  It's OK.  Food isn't anything to write home about it.  Service was not great.  Maybe it was an off night.  I might go back.  We'll see.
The ISP options in Vegas are terrible. Both Cox and CenturyLink are horrible, but Cox is the lesser of two evils.
When fast food is no longer 'fast' food,  then what is left? Stopped here in a hurry and... We deeply regretted it.  Either they are painfully slow, or they were giving priority to drive through customers which in my opinion is totally wrong.
If their customer care in person is like how they DO NOT answer their phones at all, buyer beware You wont be able to reach a human.
I'm sold!  Ordered take-out and everyone loved their burgers!  Superb black bean veggie burger.  Just really great food.
Greattttttt humus for a starter and awesome portions for the price. Went on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch it was perfect. Staff was really friendly and the lamb gyro was really good.  I'd come back for sure!
Great little find in a busy, loud airport. You can tuck away for a little peace and quite. Grab a small bite and some quality wine. Rare in an airport.
Love the pulled pork nachos.  So glad they now have a lunch portion that is a little cheaper.  We also had a blast with the mixer coke machine.  Now all of your weird tastes can be fulfilled.  Bonus.  We sat next to Tony Hsieh on our last outing.
Great place, the staff is great and the manager Ramone is really nice.
Not all that great. Ordered a new york steak and it came out to be dry and not tender. Ended up eating half of it only because I was hungry.
So this is what you call a dive bar right?\n\nWell, I have to admit that I enjoyed my time here, cheap prices, good music, nice atmosphere, well, will repeat again next year (Well, in 302 days....)\n\n:)
DISGUSTING...Dnt waist your time or money.
Food is always great and the service is very attentive... We'll go back another day.
This place claims it makes authentic Chinese/Taiwanese style noodle, but it doesn't, the noodle is not springy at all. I also ordered their cucumber appetizer, it's not crispy, not fresh and was prepared and refrigerated. Not recommended at all
A bit of an older b&n but it has all the essentials.  Good, clean store and friendly employees make the experience even better.
If you go here - go hungry or split a meal.   A breakfast + coffee will probably cost around $25.  It took about 40 minutes to get served after being seated - so don't go if you're in a rush.\n\nThat said the breakfast was delicious and filling.
The 5 of us eat here nearly every friday evening. Great way to relax after a long week. Usually gets busy here around 6pm but worth the wait. Most times less than 20 minutes.  The strawberry smoothies are the favorites of the kids and the margaritas rock!
Good restaurant with a diverse menu, I've been here 4 times now and always had a good meal. The Tuna appetizer is awesome, if you like heat get a burger with the ghost pepper cheese its hot but great, tuna entree is good as well as the steaks. I'll be back again.
This tour was amazing. We went through Anniebananie.com for a tour and this was a stop. It was the best!
I have complained twice about not  wearing gloves! I made the manager re-make my order wearing gloves. they are getting better but I suggest you go in and look in the kitchen just to make sure the person is wearing gloves!
Aundrea was the sweetest waitress ever. Not only was she professional but she was very informative with the menu...drinks & appetizers. Make sure you ask to sit in her section.....it will be well worth the experience .
Very good. I always get the Spicy Korean Chicken and Kahlua Pig Combo. The portions are huge and the food is full of flavor. The bathroom was a bit on the gross side, and the dining room could use a cleaning
I've been there only once, and that was enough. Yes, it is too crowded and infested with undergrads. If you are in for a randomly meeting unattractive people, this may be the place for you.
OMG!!!! The BEST Banh Mi in LIFE!\nI suggest the BBQ pork make it spicy!!! Don't be a baby :P
Very fair 3and star place.\nAC problems that rattled during night that kept me up.\nsmoke filled carpet and room for a non smoking place.\nPool very small compared to other properties in Vegas\n\nApartment conversion to timeshare that doesn't deserve the Shell brand.
I really wanted to try this place out, however I've been trying to call for 2 days and all I get is the answering machine. Time for a new receptionist maybe?
Came in for $250 worth of work and an inspection. Came in the check engine light on and left with it still on. It was over looked they said sorry. And now I'm right back here looking at spending more money. I'd rather they didn't rush and get the work done right!
Good place to find Pho in Pittsburgh, Pho-real!  It's messy/dirty.  That doesn't bother me.  I've had better Pho.  I've had better service.  But it's not horrible.  And I would definately eat there again!
Lisa was fantastic, my son was losing  weight, her advice helped instantly! She also gave me great advice about feedings and galactogues. She was even flexible with payment. I continue to call on her for all my breastfeeding advice.
Extremely underwhelming experience. Drinks, appetizers, and entrees took forever.. And on a Tuesday night. Everything was painfully salty, very true to the name. Pretty overpriced for such a mediocre dining experience.
A star for good, a star for fast, a star for cheap. It's hard to find all 3.
Worth the stop! Great BBQ. Got the pulled pork sandwich. Love love love their BBQ beans. I also got the tangy coleslaw, not bad either.
Great tapas!!! A 5 on tapas.  Paella a 1. The rice was undercooked or something.  Been. Struggling for 24 hours since I ate the paella.  Service was a 5
Went there with two friends on a trip to Vegas and it was wonderful.  Atmosphere top notch. Staff was professional and friendly and prices reasonable.  Definite stop in vegas!
What's there to say. It's Denny's. The foods not awful, but not great either. It works in a pinch after a night of bar hopping.
Most disgusting sushi ever.  As each dish came forward on the conveyor belt, it was like watching some bizarre game of chance.  Not really knowing if the next bite was going to make you sick(er)....
We've gone here twice and had the same salad both times. Awesome salad with a ton of warm chicken and a boiled egg.  I give the salad five stars but have not tried anything else yet. Good service and The food came out quickly and was very fresh.
Horrible customer service. They lost 3 CDs I returned and are trying to charge me 111 dollars. Avoid this library.
One of my fave lunch spots. Call in ahead before pick up to save time. For is always hot & fresh!
Bullshit restaurant.\n\nManagement rude as shit. Seriously, who accuses customers of lying to their face and then talks shit in mandarin in front of your face as if I can't understand.\n\nA bunch of cunts run this establishment.
Good place, wish they had more veg. Options
Great men's salon!  I love the haircut!
Fried chicken wings with many flavors as options and dipping sauces, SOLD. I love me some chicken wings and wings top may have the meatiest around. I unfortunately found them to be a lot more greasy than some other places but the size and flavor options made the a decent ouch choice.
Don't waste your time! There is nothing unique or special here except the cute wait staff.  But if you're looking for good food, walk on bye
Absolutely incredible. Had huevos rancheros and a tamale today. The best. The ice tea is great also. What a fun dining experience. The staff is incredible also.
OUT OF BUSINESS! And I still had a voucher for a pedicure there. Stinkers... I'm not surprised, as the ambience, customer service, and pedicures were all pretty low quality.
I love the food, fresh and always hot. Price reasonable and they have daily special price for $5. I love the service. They listen and learn for making more good service and food. Will come back again and again.
Good burgers, fries, and shakes!
Great omelletes!  Even though the wait was painfully long, definitely worth the wait.\n\nIt is an A+ alternative to the chain breakfast diners!\n\nWill return!
110/hr for labor ridiculous. Dan is the slowest and most ill informed person I have ever dealt with.
Great soups...if you love vietnamese food great place
Average Vegas hotel. Beds are aged, In the morning between 8-10am when you want to sleep you'll hear knocking on doors and a squeaky voice saying 'housekeeping' til you want to scream. Concierge has no clue, got us tickets for re wrong night at a show.
The sketchiest location but amazing sushi especially for the price and convenience for Dawson students. The salmon handroll is to die for and the other sushi is great too. No frills, just plain, great, reasonably priced sushi!
Food was only okay. Food portions were small and the prices were high for the quality and quantity.  In addition to this, the wait staff was rude. I would not recommend this place to family/friends.
This location is CLOSED - Do not go here. The sign on the door states they have moved to the Banner Health Center on Ellsworth & Victoria. Not true. They will send you to the Allied/One Health Urgent care across the street which is in no way affiliated with them.
Slow service.  Skimpy portion sizes.  Cheese enchiladas had barely any cheese in them.  My asada burrito had virtually no meat inside.  They do not offer shredded beef burritos.  Very disappointing.
WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. Utter incompetence. Only rated one star because I couldn't rate 0. TAKE A TAXI.
Pizza was average at best, service was horrible.
I recommend them.
I want to know why yelp is fucking with my reviews. Maggie Hurley did my hair and did an awesome job. Would definitely go back to her again. Frequent user my ass yelp.
This place gets one big MEH. The food was okay, but it was just food.
The pizza was good but waaaayyy over priced....seriously? It costs like 6 bucks to make a whole pizza why does one slice cost that much?
Henry really took care of me today. Speedy checkin, pleasant service, free upgrade.\n\nEnterprise isn't always the cheapest, but when you factor in speed and quality, it's a winner.
This place is pedestrian at best.  Sat at sushi bar and we split 5 rolls.  Fish was not very fresh and service was just OK.  Can't believe it had 5 stars.
Nice little place.  The food is hot and tasty and there's a lot to choose from.  Service is good too.  Will eat here whenever I come to Casa Grande.
this place was cool, my Girl friend and I were tourist and honestly I loved the light show, isn't the best part of vegas neighbor hood wise, but then again you always see a crackhead here or there. Definitely a must see...
The up sell was terrible the guy starting telling me what I needed and I told him what I wanted and he was not happy.
This review is only for the Casino. It is a very small Casino but nicely decorated and very modern. The dealers were nice. I was up, I was down, yet it was a nice experience. I was here for an event and they know how to throw a party!
Came here last week love the live jazz and food great 70, s throwback feel. Tonight here to listen to jazz singer ronnie rose he is an awesome singer got his album. If you don't have it you can get it at a harmony nail spa in commercial center
Convenient Strip location.  But not convenient parking unless you valet since its on the Tahiti Village property.  No biggie I enjoyed the walk.  Great Value slam as usual fast service and for 4 bucks, a great power up breakfast. Yay Dennys
good o'l reliable starbucks...would be nice if the regular coffee was just as strong as the ones in the stores.  but good enough.  free refills too!!!  so don't forget to ask.  nice employees.
Pharmacy was awesome - especially after I suffered through bad Walgreen's and CVS experiences.
Went there around 1:15 PM on Sunday. We had to wait over 45 minutes to get our food which was cold and tasteless. The only thing that makes me give that restaurant a second star is the friendly waitress and because they offered us a drink and didn't charge for the coffees because we had to wait for so long.
Great staff! Cindy is my go to nail girl and she never fails me when I get my nails done :)
Not the best Italian I ate, which would have gotten a 3. But I got sick. Some of it was over cooked and I think they mixed old food with new because some was cold.
Always great nails.   I enjoy a mani pedi after work and this is my go to spot.  Always clean and professional.  And they have new pedi chairs with tub liners.  I appreciate that I see the tools come out of the sealed package.  They are quick and efficient and always friendly.
I trust Almar's to fix our three cars. They have been honest and upfront about repair options and costs. I called today when my Honda Pilot wouldn't not start. Andy was so helpful and gave me some ideas about what may be wrong. He was able to fit me in and replaced my battery quickly while I waited
The food is consistently good and the zax sauce is awesome.\n\nThe chicken tenders are kinda small but they make up with it in quantity and lots of sides. \n\nAlso, the drive thru isn't the quickest.
We ate at the bar because the wait was too long even though the restaurant seemed like there was room to seat. The ABC burger was yummy and the steak fries were worth it!
I was spoiled living next door to the Chapparal Dog Park for several years. However, this is now my local spot and luckily it is still a well maintained hangout with water, shade, and pick-up tools. Though, it only offers a single large space for all dogs.
Love this place! I am crazy about a good falafel and this place has them! The staff and owners are very friendly also. I am happy I was walking past one day and decided to give it a try. Best decision I made. :)
This is not a place I will return.  They are not very friendly and when you make a request for a design, they look at you like you're crazy.  My designs came out absolutely horrid and I ended up just going somewhere else for a new polish.
It's like a blue Home Depot, just backwards.
I love this place, and the sushi is awesome!! Bartenders are so nice and kind to customers, and I got free drinks
i had a work meeting here and it's exactly the type of  average, mediocre, corporate food/bar/entertainment place I don't like. It was packed. enough said.
Like it
I walk in to ask for a quote. After waiting two minutes to be addressed by the clerk (he was talking to a co worker while I was standing there waiting), I ask to see a room. The room and place is GHETTO. Me no likey GHETTO. Ghetto superstar you who know you are.
Been going here for 5+ years. i currently drive across the city to get there. Studio is very nice, always easy to get parking, stylists are friendly and it's moderately priced.\n\nHIGHLY recommend Holly as the stylist
Okay place, prices are good but they need to coordinate their time more.
WINE IS AWESOME THOUGH and great food! Also really great atmoshpere.
The 20 minute wait here to get a car is outrageous! The other companies don't look as bad as this one.
The food is fresh and vibrant. The service is friendly and everything you want from a local breakfast/lunch spot.\n\nI had the ultimate club with fries. It was delicious. If you a haven't been you need to come by and try Bite.\n\nWe will be back.
Decent sports bar in the city. OK bar food and plenty of beers to choose from.\nService was always good.
Typical CSN bs. I really hate this \"college\"\n\nHowever, the campus on Nellis is really nice, and it's limited and 8  weeks per course is really great.
The pancakes are the bomb! Everyone is super friendly and service is good. Definitely recommend it!
Extreemly dated on the inside- the menu was pretty broad, everything from lots of pasta selections lamb, to duck, to burgers and hotdogs..  We had great drinks, appetizers, salads, and entrees.
Appetizer is okay, took 30 minutes to get drinks, they keep bringing the wrong food (other people's) to the table and we have been here an hour but only one person at our table has their food. I will never come back again!
Restaurant looked clean, staff was friendly, and price was pretty good. That being said the sesame chicken was so-so.  It was somewhat spongy for my taste and the fried rice was not what I expected.  I would probably not come here again for that item.
CLOSED 12/21/14 Bought a deal on living social, drove 30 minutes to get there, business is closed!
I am blown away by this place. Having just visited Tokyo, and spending time at the Fish market learning the art of appreciating fine fish,  I'm in awe how they pull off such flawless execution! \n\nThis is new a regular hotspot for us!
Funny staff. Located right by the Starbucks huge plus. Speed of service is legendary. Great classic rock tunes playing.
We had a wonderful experience from start to finish!! Our tour guide was awesome!! We were celebrating a friends 50th birthday and it was a great time!!! The food price was reasonable, the food was great and the entire group (25 people) enjoyed every minute of it!! What a fun and unique way to experience downtown!
Those of us from Hawaii taste the difference between mainland style and \"local style\" Chinese food.  These cooks are definitely from HI.  All the sauces, broths, and recipes are so familiar.  Warms the homesick soul.
I've been to this Starbucks before and it is always a little slow but the coffee is wonderful...however I've been sitting in the drive thru for now 20mins..don't come here if ur on break from work..really ridiculous!
We love this place. It is like PF Chang's but less expensive. It is casual dining. Great service and I love that you can see into the kitchen. Get the Pei Wei Card if you go often. You can earn a free entree. Easy take-out too.
This is my EVERY morning stop!  The coffee is GREAT!  The scones are decent, but probably a bit over priced.
Ahhhh this damn airport is so long!!! It was never ending walk to our gate. -_- haha, FML.
Always good, it never seems to disappoint.  The food is fresh, good, the service is swift and friendly, and the place is clean.  We love coming here for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  You cannot go wrong!
I like this place! Friendly service and the food is YUM! \n\nCentrally located not far from the UNLV area, this is Salvadorean home cooking! The prices are really really reasonable and you get a lot.
Good spot..mixed crowd..music is great! I stumbled in here on a Sunday n the party still went till at least 5 am..I liked the place! Great after hours spot but it is a lil ways from the strip!
Love the new digs, but really the line to check in. Even being a diamond level hilton honors???? Your check really need some improving!!! Come on Trop!!
Not the best Mexican food in town, but I'm a fan of their lunch specials. Cheap and fast, great for a working lunch. I love their bean dip, salsa and chips as well! I'd recommend it if you're in the neighborhood.
so slooooooooooooow.\n\nbut i'll go back because it is a 3 minute walk away and they have a full bar.
The food Is good here ! However I am not a big fan of their drinks here, Dutch bros or Starbucks is better. Another negative about this place is that they close at 3, which in my opinion is stupid! I have seen at least 3 people come to this place after three and it's been closed.
We had the pulled pork tacos and Marco pollo taco and Tejas taco. Everything was delicious!  Very unique dishes, we haven't seen these menu options at other Mexican restaurants.  Great prices, excellent service.
Worst burrito ever.  Also, they don't even have salsa.
Called to schedule an estimate for a 7100 square foot office space to redue all tile and carpet.  Lady with accent answered the phone very rudely and when I asked to speak to a sales associate she ask me \"for what?\"  ummm flooring maybe.  Not a good start and decided not to go any further.
I ordered the prime rib and it was not hot.  The prime rib lacked any flavor.  The seafood appetizer was very good.  It consisted of large jumbo shrimp, oysters, crab meat, and crab claws.  Service was very slow.
While shopping in the Bellagio, we decided to stop here for a snack.  We shared the sliders and the Alsatian pizza.  It was soooooo good!!!!  For dessert we had the sorbet, you get 4 different flavors for $10 and it was awesome!
Eek!!! Their selection was very disappointing for the price that we paid. The only decent food item served was their prime rib. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend going back anytime in the near future.
First impression was great, everyone was extremely friendly.  Large portions and prompt service.  I recommend their Lemon Chicken and desserts especially! Was very pleased with the quality and price range.  5/5
This is a great concept with a great view of the field.  We didn't sit here for the game, but instead went in to watch batting practice.  On top of that we just had beers.  Apparently, they sell tickets for the games at the restaurant and clear out the seats a little before game time.
Egg drop soup was delish. Good flavorful food.  Only complaint is that the chicken in my meal, as well as, my wife's seemed to have a lot of fat and tendons.  I prefer my meats trimmed better.  May have been the prep for the day.  Will try again
An AMAZING show! The crowd participation was indeed interactve and incredibly satisfying. From the introduction of the group to the very end, it was engaging all the way through. My only regret is that I don't have enough to see them again and again. Maybe next year. If in Vegas, see them ASAP!
It's as if they don't care at all about customer loyalty.... Service has gone to crap since management change, all the friendly bartenders have moved on to other establishments... this place amazes me that it's still standing.
Super quick service, even on a Sunday morning. Totally professional... couldn't have hoped for a better AC guy... Would not hesitate to recommend him in the future.
A great find.  One of our new favorites, the Santa Fe style food here is some of the best to be found in the valley.  The atmosphere inside is quite charming and our server was attentive and friendly.  Highly recommended.
About average store. Asked for help finding books on a specific topic. Young man looked on the computer and said none were available at that location, but offered to order them for me. I then went and did some looking on my own and found four books on the exact subject I was looking for?
This is the ONLY place to see movies! It's the same price as the other theaters...and the snackbar has libations!
The breakfast special here should be enough for most people. The pancakes are great. The service is generally very good too. The only bummer is the lines for this location (and all Pamela's locations in fact) are super long around brunch/lunch times.
Pros: helpful staff\n\nCons: old casino, bad food
Best salads ever, the half is almost like a full, the bread sticks will stuff you.  And the pizza is superior by far.  The big apple is the best.  Good service, great food
Love this place!  Make sure to try the Bacado. It is to die form And great service as well, especially Lorina. She's fantastic!
I've purchased three cars from this location and couldn't be happier. The sales people are attentive, but not pushy. They stand behind their vehicles.
Not much for Thanksgiving stuff. Lots of Christmas stuff coming in pretty busy very helpfulpretty busy I pop in now and then just see what that's a really helpful to help you whatever you need so you can take stuff out of the box for you help packing the car looks great service thanks a lot guys.
A decent Frozen Yogurt place. Basically a clone of Yogurtology but the location is conveniently located near Basha's and CVS.
Completely disappointed, under seasoned and overpriced...the Rossini did not even resemble the picture. The fries were stale and dry...all of the batter fried food were terrible...it has chunks of batter that is as hard as rocks.
i recommend dining here during Thursday - Polynesian night! \nTry the roasted pig / lechon yum yum!
Beans are roasted inside. Best dirty chai latte iced or hot. Love the design of this place. Great to just come and hang out. College kids here doing homework. Very hip.
Poop
I go here all the time. Rex and his crew do a spectacular job. The crew is ver friendly and make you feel like part of the family. Try their pancakes or French toast. It's just like mom makes on Sunday morning :)
Great location, fun staff, yummy drinks, and awesome food! I had a quesadilla with beans and rice and it was delicious!
The pancakes are nice and fluffy!!! Love them.!! Plenty of good to fill you up. My son likes the croissant sandwich and biscuits & gravy. Great people; Great place!!
Came for pie and coffee with my lady! The pie was excellent, the coffee was hot, and the server, Isaiah was superb!
The best pizza in Tempe! I've only ever had the Signature spinach pizza and the L'Italiana pizza, and haven't been able to branch out past these two.. They're both amazing. Their Greek salad with Italian dressing on the side is also awesome.
Yum, Yum, and Yum!  The garlic naan is to die for!  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was absolutely delicious.
Great environment outdoors especially and lots of interesting people.  The food is fantastic never had anything that wasn't great!
Pizza was disgusting.
The time i had here was Nice The room  had mirrors a different  experance to me it was a good nights rest i had there i was traveling back to LA It was a nice stop
bad food\uff0croach\uff0ci saw them in the floor\uff0ci couldnot think the kitch is\uff0comg\uff0cwe eat the roach\uff0cdonnot go there to eat the roach\uff01
Stopped by for dessert based on reviews.  Cute little place.   We ordered a small hot fudge sundae and a small pineapple sundae.  Both were very good and service was very quick.
Bro! Best gyros eva Bro! The service is terrific. The staff inside is friendly and and it's a very laid back environment Bro!
Not so Good, fries burnt other half not cooked.burger wasn't anything to talk about \nTuna salad was Nasty Tuna was spoiled but they made good on it. \nU be better getting McDonald's and little ceazers pizza
Drinks are great. Friendly staff. Wouldn't recommend to eat here. Ordered carnitas tacos that had very little meat in it.
The staff here seem to be very friendly, young and outgoing...the problem is that the place is dirty all the time - floors, windows and tables are always dirty...bad sign?
Awesome catering too!!
So I have been here a few more times after my initial review and I'm sad to say I will not be returning. While the service is good, the food has been mediocre at best, food quality is not great nothing special here. Stinks it's the only breakfast place right now jn the area.
Horrible and unwelcoming. The server Thomas literally said \"are you having a good night? Because if not you can leave\". After asking for the manager and him having the same mindset we left and will never return. Horrible! No exaggeration.
Decent mexican food considering it's in an airport.  3 stars cuz the prices weren't bad, again, considering it's in an airport.  I like the selection of tequila's they have.  Good size bar and nice atmosphere.
Every time my boyfriend and I eat here, it has been great. We really enjoy the steamed dumplings and hot and sour soup. The staff is very friendly, too.
First time here was looking for food for a nursing bitch, the gentleman that helped me was extremely knowledgeable n helpful. Ill be coming back.
I spend too much time here. AMAZING atmosphere and bartenders
Not great
Yes please! The ambiance, service and food are all up to par. Deep dish pizza was great, fried artichoke and the mahi mahi were all delish. Service is very personal and managers walk around and ensure quality. Not to mention the extensive beer menu.
gets two stars purely for the people watching aspect.  as far as the food, it sucked.  couldnt eat it.  sent my wabo margarita back, gag me gross.
GAH. Hot and SWEATY.  show off bartenders means they're more concerned with showing off their skills and taking their time with the drinks rather than actually giving you your drinks.  WAAAAAAAY tooo small of a dance floor but from what I remember good music and decent looking people as well.
Horrible for the overpriced food
went to buffet for lunch stupidly thinking I was going to get crab legs. No crab legs just a lot of subpar buffet food.aid $25 for food that tasted like food court fare.  Yuck don't wais your money
The restaurant was virtually empty on this weekday night.  We each ordered the 8 ounce filet mignon done medium rare.  All entrees include the soup and salad bar.  The filet was cooked to perfection and turned out to be better than I expected.
Back here for SHOT show...show itself is awesome but convention center makes me feel so digressed. Location is okay, but design of floors, access is nightmare, food option is worst, who in the right mind wants to host events here?!
This store is okay I like to go here for dresses and tops. I never sell because you just don't get any money. I good place to go to see if you can find a cute pair of shorts or sweaters.
As good of a pub as I've ever been in.  They cut food of a bit early and the staff could have been a bit nicer.  But I loved this place, we hiked all the way over after climbing arthurs seat.  It was the first time my wife understood WHY I love pub food, got to love that!
The best pizza with exceptional service. I was there exactly one year ago...I'm headed back to AZ next week & this will be my first stop. Absolutely DELISH!!!
Worst airline. Waited for hours to get someone to help with ticketing only to find someone with plenty of attitude and unwillingness to help. Customer service is extremely poor compared to my usually Virgin, southwest and Jet Blue experiences
this place is horrible.  i will never eat here again.  it's a second rate steakhouse, simple as that.
Masseuse great!  The guy at the front desk was rather stuck up.  The facilities were beautiful.  I used the Las Vegas Groupon Now to purchase and went the same day.  Of course I tipped the masseuse based on the full price.
I like it here. It's a nice, open restaurant, clean bathrooms, and the food was cooked well and as I ordered. What else can you ask for in a fast food place?
I took a purse with a broken strap and my favorite heels to be repaired. They were very nice and professional. They did a very very good job! I am very pleased and will be using them for all my shoe and leather repairs!!!
This is an amazing spot. Love love love the chicken. Quick but fresh, great dine in setting and patio as well.
HUUUGE portion & great food for the price. \n\nAsked a waiter for mayo, never brought it to me. My guess is..probably because he was not our waiter?
We stopped by Wolfgang after walking out of another place.  We were glad we chooses Wolfgang.  Great service, excellent food.  Good call before the show we were going to see later that night
Good ambiance, great prices! The waiters are super nice with their kilts :D
Important dinner. We arrive and they dont even know which room to give us. They put out of restaurant. People close to each other that you cannot move arms. Food is good. Than at the end they count more people that present and higher price than agreed. Service very slow. Very very disappointed.
I always go there for brunch. Pain de raisin and danois with strawberry is my favorite. They are not cheap but the quality is high. Sandwichs are delicious too, the bread ara made in bakery and it smells so good. I highly recommend this place!
I can't say anything was bad. I am a fan of  L'Etoile. I just think it isn't better than other similar places downtown like Merchant, Nostrano and the now burned down Underground Kitchen, it just costs more. Not a good value.
The staff was not helpful and the food was awful. The first time in a while that I have actually thrown away my meal after only eating a bite or two.
Awesome view and great wine list. I had the duck and wasn't blown away but my wife's steak was very good. Overall I recommend the restaurant. After eating we took the bike cabs for a ride around town.
Tried it like four or five times. Their customer service is horrible. The food takes forever to come out. You wait forever for the bill. I love native new yorker just not this one
First time there, was not too bad, service was ok.  Second time, food tasted like a frozen dinner, service is very poor.  Will not eat here again.
These guys go bananas on your vehicle. I've been coming here for years now with my large, often muddy truck. Their basic wash is super thorough, and their detail is amazing. My favorite wash in town, and I'm pretty picky.
This place is amazing! I've tried a few different salons since moving here but none if them ever seemed to give a salon experience. The warm stone massage and personalized service are top notch! Kim is super friendly and does an amazing job. I will definitely be back!!
Though the flavors the have are great, i cant get over the fact that they would charge 16 dollars for a 15ml bottle of juice i found the same brand of juice i had bought on ebay for 7 dollars less
Crust was dry, sauce was bland, wings were burned. Not NY style as advertised. Delivery was fast, that is the only compliment I have. \nI won't be ordering from there again.
Big Wa is CLOSED! We called for take out on Saturday and no one answered the phone.  On Sunday night, we stopped by the restaurant and saw that there was a sign.  Apparently, there was a lien on the restaurant.  Oh well.
Nothing special, good service and food, was not very full for a weekend at 830 pm and expected the atmosphere to be better.  Plenty of unique options that you cannot get else where in Pittsburgh.
Burger is a 8.5/10. Fries are a 2/10
We went here for breakfast and we're not disappointed! Yes it's pricey, but in Vegas you get what you pay for! The food came out hot and fresh. The portion size was perfect as well. We sat outside and it was so relaxing to be away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Overall, amazing!
Beautiful room and hotel.  This is by far one of the most comfortable stays in Las Vegas.  The rooms are spotless and all the furniture is very new.  Staying at the Encore also lets you get privilege access to XS and Encore beach club in the summer which is major perk.
I love sweets but their drinks are too sweet. I recommend asking for your drinks with easy sugar or no sugar. I ordered the rose milk tea no sugar and it was\nFabulous. Every other time they pump too much syrup or sugar up a milk tea too much. I know now to just order with no additional sugar.
Personable and easy to talk to. LAURA is amazing. Her knowledge of the body is truly a healing experience, as well as relaxing. Definitely will be investing time with her, and I suggest you do too!
Good burgers, the potatoes, are ok. but for a good burger this is the spot, with the easiest menu ever. Taxes included in prices, and no extra charge for cheese make this place a winner.
If you crave a hotdog this should be the place to go to if your in the neighbourhood, serving Nathan's hotdogs you can't go wrong.  The workers were also very friendly, i have not tried anything else but the hot dogs.
Wonderful experience!
Funny how 24 hour emergency service offering companies never seem to have anyone available until the next business day afternoon.
Great place to go for a stroll, especially beautiful in the spring/summer, also amazing for pictures!
By comparison to other theater menus I'd probably give this one 3 stars but as a restaurant on the whole it's tolerable.  Given the captive audience of people who can bring the food into the theater I don't expect them to go above and beyond.  The small plates we ordered were certainly not prepared fresh on site.
fun concept that tastes great.  Funny how much better subs taste when their properly toasted.  You can't help but grin at the names of the subs.  \n\nEven if you don't dig the hippie theme there is no denying that this makes a mean sandwich.
This place is a little over rated / pricey. The waiter was awkward n touched me on my shoulder which made me feel uncomfortable.
The sushi was great, fresh, with a healthy portion of fish on each piece.  The wait staff was inexperienced, but yet eager. Music was a little too loud for my taste...makes it hard to carry on a conversation without raising your voice.  The Uni was exceptional.
Great company and they give back to the community!\n\nDelicious and affordable, so happy to have them in Scottsdale, AZ.
Best Lengua I have had since leaving Los Angeles.  Alway have great service.
Irish pub with Irish beer. Fish and chip and Bison burger are good, onion soup is wonderful but a little bit salty. An excellent  place for watching sports. Next time I'll go there late and see the band.
They have lots of M&Ms here.  That's five stars just based on that.....and different colors too that you dont see in your usual M&M's candy
They probably have good fried food but anything else is just not good. Campbell's clam chowder is better!
horrible dumb people when calling.  Walmart isnt annoying if you help yourself but even the asst manager courtney is an idiot
The muffins and cupcakes are horrible!   Tasted like they were week old cornbread.  Won't be spending my money here anymore! The cakes are outrageously priced, 60 dollars for a 8\" cake. Do yourself a favor,  buy a box mix and make it yourself.  And her attitude could use improving.
Excellent sushi, great service, and good happy hour specials.  It has a decent sports bar theme.  I had my bachelor party here and even my friends who don't care for fish liked the place.  I also go here for business dinners.\n\nTry the Ladybug Roll just for the presentation.
Mark was prompt and very professional.  He explained the process he was going to use to clean the tile and carpet.  He was careful about keeping everything clean and afterwards helped dry the tile so that I could walk around easily in the house without getting it dirty or tracking the water around.  Would highly recommend!
Food was okay - not terrible, but nothing to rave about. Not very kid friendly. They have a kids menu - but the Mac n cheese was gourmet Mac n cheese.  My kid is happy with Kraft. If they don't want kids there don't offer a kids menu. Atmosphere is nice and great beer selection.
I stopped here occasionally when I'm in the mood for Mexican.   The food is good.   However the reason I go there is because The staff is always friendly.   It's like they're happy to see you.  Other than that it\"s just an okay place with good food
Excellante nourriture indienne, un peu trop  piquant pour certaines personnes! Rapport qualite prix incroyable.
This is a great take. Couples, singles, families. Something for everyone. Food trucks galore. Art, music, food...and...parking was not that difficult.
Service trop long plats pas assez recherch\u00e9 sec trop simple . Ne pas y aller un dimanche !
Not very good. My friends and I were hungry, and we mistakenly chose the first place we could find. All five of us felt like our burgers were dry, when we ordered medium, and that the buns tasted borderline stale. We all left unsatisfied.
Came here after partying at the Bank, needed some recovery food. Located in Aria and it was the closest Pho place I could find. Since its in  Aria you know everything is clean and aesthetically nice, service good, food good, but pricey. 3.5 Stahz!
Love me some of those roasted veggie and chicken pesto crepes... :) I, also, can't forget those delicious blueberry scones....YUM!
Good food reasonably priced for Vegas.
I got some nachos hoping they would be any special, but nothing special at all at the bartender and waitress both sucked. sorry maybe it was that night, i only went once.
Found this place after I moved to the Southwest a few years ago when it was the only thing in the area. Years later, even after new owners and a name change, it's still the only pizza I've needed. Good South Jersey style red pies and they have a very good white with ricotta as well.
Happy hour provides nice value with filling, satisfying small plates: pork tostadas are incredible and have no comparison with a few of our fav Mexican eateries. \n\nWe are keeping our fingers crossed not to get the waiter again who is skimping on hair ties.
Great selection of cigars and very knowledgeably staff.  It's a relaxed environment and the guy who works here makes you feel like your right at home.
Had pizza, wings, and bread delivered to our hotel.  Food came fast and hot.   Only complaint, which is a BIG complaint, NO plates or napkins.  Guess they thought we had are own in our suitcases.
We went here for the location.  This restaurant is on the Bellagio lake and looks over the fountains.  You cannot see the fountains though unless you ask for outdoor seating or one of the few window tables.  Escargot was amazing five stars, Sea Bass was a four star.  Ceasar salad was really basic and not worth it.
Once upon a time this place was probably awesome. That fairytale ended & turned into a vegetarian's nightmare. CHICKEN!!! In my veggie quesadilla. Chips stale, bland beans. It was awful. Never again! The End
Ottoman on Wheels!\n\nThis was exactly what we needed after a long, high temp, Vegas weekend.\n\nThe suite with a separate sleeping and living/ kitchenette was perfect... From our little ones standpoint, the highlight was the living room's ottoman on wheels!!
OMG!  Ok so it's a bit pricey for a grocery store, but you get what you pay for and what you get here is quality food.  \n\nDelicious, healthy, wholesome food. \n\nI would move into this store if they let me.  Best food ever!
Very mediocre, and overpriced for the quality of the food we were served.  The duck soup was incredibly fatty and salty and hubby's chicken something was of a very generic flavor and texture.  Reminded me of the Chinese leftovers you eat when you have nothing left in the fridge.
You can tell this a fairly new hotel. It was pretty clean. \n\nThe location was good, next to a lot of shopping center, restaurants and a gas station. \n\nWe loved the nice courtyard with all the beautiful plants and a gazebo.
I asked the waitress if she had any red blends and she had no idea what I was talking about. Sent over the bartender and he recommended a few.  We snacked on chips and queso, sliders, turkey wraps...all very good.  Pretty empty on a Friday night but I hear it gets packed.
Greta hoagies.
Good bean dip, OK chips. OK green chile, although they need a medium green option.  I don't understand why when going from CO closer to Mexico I can't find anywhere with mole sauce?
Loved it. Good prices good food, love the variety of Mexican cheeses, tortillas  and sweet breads.
How can you pass up a fantastic dinner complimented with an amazing view. There is nothing like the view from The M's Veloce Cibo! Overlooking the Las Vegas strip- there is nothing else like it. \nThe food is delicious. Great deal for the quality of food, view and decor!
It's ok. its a good price for what you get it's about the same price is Panda. it's definitely a hole in the wall
Food was good but, not great. Location is very cool, in the town center. (think Big White columned building with southern looking square)\n\nNo lunch specials-you paid dinner prices.
must have more surfer and hot lip rolls!
The BBQ is decent, depending on what you get (the brisket is meh, the chicken is pretty good, the ribs are decent).  The Saturday college football viewing is nice.  The service is friendly, even when your kids are making a huge mess.  It's definitely going in the Saturday afternoon rotation.
Gross. Go support a real Italian restaurant.
beautiful salon
The Intalian herb chicken is amazing! Can't believe this is chicken breast! But the vegetables come with it are a little overcooked. And the unlimited salad bar is really nice
I am here at least once a week, yes a regular bowl costs you around $10 ... BUT, it's huge and will last me for at least another day or so.  So if you think about it, you only spent $5 a day for lunch.  Not bad.  Pack as much as you can in that bowl!
Well went here for the UFC  fight and they were at seating capacity. Basically we could stand at the entrance and watch the fight and order drinks. The cool thing was they had great drink prices and the server always came around to check
Delicious sea food\nOrdered shrimp Dr jhong which was awesome\nThe entree was salmon.. The fish was very good.. But too much butter. They probably use butter instead of oil for everything\n\nService was awesome\nAmbience is  average but not great
I forgot why we stopped coming here but now I remember.. this place is dead after 11pm. Not even Toby Keiths bar and grill which claims to be open until 2am.
Not the best lobster rolls, but it was a lobster roll none the less.  It's super expensive (I know, it's because it's on the strip) and it's a decent roll so if you're craving one (like I was at the time) then just go for it.
Always love this place, I in fact crave the cake batter and mochi!
Great food and customer service.  Definitely will come back here every time we visit Las Vegas from California.
Had another wonderful dinner with great friendly service. Will be coming back to try out some of their other delicious baked sushi next time!
Don't be fooled - this place is not a fusion of cuisines.  You get a combo plate of Chinese and Mexican.  I had the jade red chicken and fried rice (Chinese) with the black beans and quesadilla (Mexican).  The food was good but you can get better anywhere.
Have not been in the establishment, but they catered a BBQ for Pilot Air Fright. Great ribs, brisket, beans. Will have to go to the restaurant for s sit down dinner.
You are in Las Vegas.......there is alot better food out there......don't go here.\n\nThe place is run down, the chairs are torn up.  My stomach was pissed for like 48 hours afterwards.  Alright salsa.
There is no view worth the price of the drinks, the rudeness of the service, and the purgatory-like experience of trying to get in/out of the place on the overwhelmed elevator system.\n\nPick a tall hotel, take an elevator up as far as you can, look out a hallway window. Done.
Never, ever use this Fox location. You have to take a 2nd shuttle from the main rental center,  the lines are atrocious and the employees don't seem to care. Pay the few extra bucks for something else.
There is potential in this location. The older lady sitting in the front greeting and seating customers was eating a big bowl of Cheerio's right at the front hostess counter. I was not impressed. We did not eat here because of this one unsanitary act. If this is ok, what is ok in the kitchen?
OK food
Been going there now for over a year and James rocks it everytime. Call and schedule if you can he books up well in advance. Love love love this place.
Horrible!!! Not environment friendly. Rude. Will not accept phone app coupons even though theirs is on there. Must be printed out. Bad on me for being green and not wanting to waste paper and ink.
For a all you can eat, this place rocks!
The staff was great and Dr. Chandler was very nice and professional.  I was referred from a friend to see her since she had a great experience. They take almost all insurances.  If you need to get your eyes check, go to this office!
This was an okay gym. Its smaller than some of their other gyms . So if your trying to lift be prepared to wait. If your looking to do cardio there more machines than you can shake a stick at .
This is the best breakfast place around. Period. They are consistent, fast, delicious and very friendly. They also are great caterers.  I would bet there is no friendlier staff in AZ.
Not as good as I expected. The food was ok but not crazily yummy like shown on triple Ds
I love paper and I was happy with my experience. I like the selection of singles and cards. I don't live in the area but thought it was a nice place to visit. I didn't have much interaction with the staff but enjoyed the walk through and the purchase of a couple of items.
I have not had a single bad visit to this barbershop. The staff has been always nice, friendly, and provides a good haircut.\n\nI usually get the Triple Play which is a cut, shampoo and hot towel. Not a bad place to go if you're looking for a new barbershop.
This place is as generic as it gets. I could've made a better dinner with products from Walmart.
Horrible food   Service was ok but to our shock the food was horrible
I've been enjoying breakfast at Black Bear Diner every weekend for several years.  The staff is wonderful and the food is always good.
Great Breakfast at 0430. Just your basic good old greasy spoon type of dinner. Get a pecan waffle.. you will NOT be disapointed.
Was hoping to see Dr Lara Weiner at this location, but after I was told by the service rep that there were no appointmenst until mid-July! I was shocked. Forget it! Geez, the cold I had would be gone by then. I ended up going to the UMC quick care right next door and received great care!
Good but expensive.  Worth trying but not worth avoiding or seeking out in particular.
Dank German Deliciousness right around the corner. Can't be mad at that!
If I could give this store negative stars I would. Worst customer service department ever! Save yourself the stress and go to a different location.
This school seems to overly teach to the test leaving overall student learning an afterthought.  Maybe this is just the way schools are now a days, but without a developed sports and arts program there are simply better options nearby.
Ok place, food is kind of tasteless and service leaves a lot to be desired, but overall it's okay
Loving this place - great neighborhood bar and grill.  My husband and I have been 3 times in the last couple weeks, and have had consistent and great service, food, and atmosphere!  Can't say we have a single complaint.
Everything was wonderful! However this isn't the best kept seceret anymore. hour wait min. so get in early!!
Man this place is pretty darn yummy. The ice cream here is so dense and creamy. I can't imagine having any size bigger than their smallest size. It definitely hits the spot during those hot AZ summer nights.
Cheap entertainment at $2 a pop.  Not the most exciting museum I'll ever experience, that's for sure.  Outside was pretty void of items like they would get taken anyway.  Worth stopping at as a time filler on a vacation.
Best. Cheesecake. Ever.
Excellent in every possible way.  Portion size perfect, service fast and polite, food fabulous!!!
I had falafel pita and Greek fries. As good as anything I've had in the Mediterranean. Prompt service, yummy food, knowledgeable server. The added plus for those of us visiting from the Northeast in March is the ability to dine al fresco!
Totally underwhelming, tried it twice. They are in the same category as run of the mill sub shops like subway or cousins in my opinion. Same basic bread. If you are starving and want some food, fine, but if do not make a special trip. I was disappointed.
Marjorie's Pizza:quel d\u00e9lice!
Never impressed, no matter how many 'second chances' we give it. So we simply stopped visiting this establishment. Too many horror stories to even begin to tell details
The food was alright. For some reason, they were out of pizza? How. The server was very kind. The chips that come with the burger were very hard and unflavorful. I might not be coming back. Also, $2 for fries?
This place is great!  Friendly staff, great services, and really reasonable prices.  I took my dog in to get the works and they had her ready in about 2 hrs looking beautiful.  I'd certainly recommend this place.
Um... Why haven't I ever been here before? \n\nReally great food, sit down restaurant quality good. Taco Smell's got nothin on these guys. \n\nThe shredded beef tacos kill. \n\nRobert Pfeifer
The place was quiet but I liked the service. The feeling of drinking inside the place was decent. NOT TOO MUCH GOING ON but it was probably a bad day. The gin and tonic was made wonderfully for me. I'd want to come back again!
It was OK... I'm a foodie and love Mexican so wanted to try it out.  Wasnt impressed! The waitress was super sweet :) the food on the other hand was out of a can.  With all the Mexican restaurants in town this is not worth checking out.
Urban Active has now been taken over by LA Fitness. The location didn't really close; it just has new ownership/
bad service, bad food, just bad all around!!
This place is close by. And in Vegas when its HOT!!!! that's very important. Great selections.
does anybody know why my posts get deleted or i cant see them anymore?
Lame and overrated. Awkward effort by the girls on the microphone. Low energy and tacky.
I wish I would have read Yelp before eating here, but fresh in town, tired and hungry and now, disappointed.  Based on just my meal, this place is a one, but there were 3 of us and the vote was a two.\nThe menu sounds good, but the actual food is not.....
I tried to place a to go order tonight at 7:30pm.  A female answered and placed me on hold for more than 5 minutes.  Needless to say, I went hungry after hanging up, giving up.
Joe's is a great spot for late night pizza.  It is about the closest to NY style you can find in Vegas.  I would not recommend the fried brownies.
Great job done as far as the quality of the refinishing of the cabinets. However when they installed the new hinges they used 1/4\" screws. I had to replace every screw on every hing in my house as the doors started to fall off. Like I said though, very good quality on refinishing.
It really depends on the night. If Phil's was still there I'd never come here but since it's not, here I am.
Came in , great customer service . The shave ice was what I expected. Very creamy and the mochi topping was on point. Recommended dessert for a hot weather!
Had the American Burger was okay. My husband really enjoyed it. Had the Truffle frys and really didn't like them. My husband thought they were ok. Overall we would come back.
Went again in July and happy to report that it was just as delicious as the first time! Going again in February and cannot wait to eat here again!
the worst buffet I have ever had in my life, boring food, looks like university cafeteria. taste nasty. not worth the penny I spent here.
amazing foods, amazing value.\nI would say It's the best in the town!\n\nbetter go to the restaurant earlier and try that real indian samosa.\nit's pretty loud and busy at dinner.
Amazing sandwiches, always made fresh and with great care. Try the Country Club or Terry Pender for lunch, or the Brunchie or BOB at breakfast.
Definitely worth the 34 bucks for brunch.  There was only a short wait (15-20 mins) to be seated.  I hate long buffet lines, so this was a big plus!  All the staff were really nice.  Not a wide variety, but the food was exceptional.  The desserts are phenomenal
Beautiful lounge with a large selection of cigars,Barber shop includes awesome watches from 2k to 30 k,my husband and I were greatly welcomed and will certainly comeback. Thank you for calling us family.
I feel like I live here. My house is a 5 minute walk from here..or maybe less. I've gone so much. I really love this place because its so cheap. They have DVDs for 3 and 5 dollars. Some really really good ones. Everything is cheaper than at any other place. They have really cheap video games too.
Best Breakfast place in town. Very friendly and excellent service. Check out their wall of Fame ( Autographed photos of Local Celebrities & Politicians ) Love the outside seating, local news magazine selection, Coffee and Hash Browns.......
Run of the mill Starbucks. They use too much syrup in the coffee.
Please make sure the shoe size and label matches!!!.  I got to go back again....
Was a little questionable from the outside, but the food turned out to be surprisingly good.  Four of us had the chicken and beef chimichangas, chicken burrito enchilada and the carne asada plate. All were good and well priced. Will definitely stop in again if ever passing through.
Travis, Chris and Tony made the excellent food and decor really sing in harmony. This was a flawless experience and the glasses were never empty and glances never ignored.
I love walking through this hotel and taking in the sights.  It's beautiful and makes me feel like Miss Fancypants.  I've never actually stayed at this hotel, but I've spent some time in it.  I really love the atmosphere and the beautiful Swarovski crystals.  One of my favorite spots to visit in Las Vegas.
Easy to navigate. The best thing each time I connect in Charlotte is the Piano player between Concourse B and A. So nice to see live peaceful music in the hussle and bussle of the airport.
Quick friendly service. The place is a little tight bit the coffee and omelette were great. We will for sure be back
Rude workers... ugh. Good fast food and that's about it lol. Not worth my anger to get some cheap food. Palermos at 83rd and lower buckeye is better.
Patties were good. I didn't have room in my stomach to try anything else. Small place. I'd go again.
Great 60s atmosphere, good food at really cheap prices. If chicken is what you want then this is the place for you. I don't remember any non chicken foods though.
This goodwill is Alright, I have been to better. Their selection is okay, cleanliness is okay and organization is okay. All goodwill's prices are the same, as far as I know. The staff is helpful and I never have trouble finding somebody if I need help.
College bar with okay prices for a beer!
If you like over cooked tough as leather ribs, rubber skinned chicken and instant mashed potatoes this is the place for you. Otherwise you'd do better to go to a vending machine.
This place is a pretty good little sub shop. I split the cheese steak and buffalo chicken subs half and half with my girlfriend and both were pretty tasty. Their fries are quality as well and the prices are just right. This place is worth checking out.
I'm not really a big pizza fan but my son is. We decided to give this place a try about two months ago. I must say I'm happy I did their pizza tastes so fresh and they have many sauces and fresh ingredients to choose from. We have visited here at least once a week since then!
They are now open for dinner Thursday - Sunday!  Come out and support this local restaurant. It's great to have non-chain restaurant options here in QC. The food is excellent.
Great food and a good family atmosphere. Too bad they don't open on Sundays. I would imagine that Sundays could be one the most profitable days so I don't understand the concept behind it.
Over priced food for the amount and quality. Had shrimp tacos and the shrimp was small and tacos were skimpy. Bar tenders look right through you and the girl servers just stand around and talk to each other. It's been about a year, however, so I hope they have gotten better.
I've encountered some rude staff here but for the most part they do their job.\nAs with every gamestop- low trade in offers, high prices.
it was the best smoked meat ever
I'm so disappointed with corbins today. In the past all I heard was great things and today I went and ordered the mucho macho burger with fries, and let me tell you it was horrible. Fries were burned to a crisp and burger tasted like I was eating a leather boot. Soo disappointed.
oysters were rubbery and skanky. tasted old. service was decent. was really hoping it would be good.
Absolutely terrible customer service at this location. The front end manager has a horrible demeanor . She will suck the life right out of your morning by overcharging you. Every time we use this location the work is shotty and we have to have the car go through the line again
Food & service was fast and good! We will be back...
You wont get atmosphere, you wont get 5-star service, but you will get the best deal on food in town.  Its all about $5 for the best gyro and fries (and drink) in town.  Nuff said.
The worst. Philly Cheese steak consists of cold mystery meat and a hunk of cheesish run under a broiler. I got my money back and went to Subway.
We went here after a night of drinking and gambling on Freemont. I found it hilarious and we had a great time. I love the shots in prescription bottles. Nurse waitresses and grown men getting spanked. The food was super greasy but what did you expect? Go here for a greasy burger and a good time.
They got their system down. They get you in and out quickly. The staff is always friendly. Now I want coffee.... LOL
I gotta give this location 5 stars because Dave in the plumbing section has helped me out for years. Plus the ladies at the customer service counter always make my daughters balloons. They have a great staff.
Smoothies are good, but it seems that any time of day or night they only have one person making food, making smoothies, taking orders, and doing drive-thru.  Takes FOREVER to get anything!
What's the point of a reservation if I still have to wait 30 minutes?!? The brunch lacks order and the staff is mediocre in managing the crowds of those with reservations versus walk-ins. Could have found better things to do with my time.
Visiting from Hawaii, Awesome service from Jessica. Used groupon and this was my first time. It was a relaxing atmosphere. She made my eyes look good lots of complements from stranger especially husband.
Bonne nourriture, bon service, bien situ\u00e9 belle terrasse l'\u00e9t\u00e9. Un must \u00e0 Montr\u00e9al.
Great food, great atmosphere, it's Chicago dogs for crying out loud.  Can't get much better than that.
The Orgue with some amazing vitrail. In the middle of the Old Port of Montr\u00e9al. If I was a tourist surrounded by Churches that look great, before getting tired of looking a Crufified Christ, go and take a moment to enjoy the Art.
Poor service. Over charged. Management and staff not willing to resolve a clear over charge.
Wow, such bad reviews for this place?  I ate here a few times with my gf and everything seemed fine.  Their tap water was actually palatable considering it's Vegas.  They must filter it or something.  I guess I won't be back if those health violations posted by BK are true.
This review for the one at Gate C5:\n\nThankful they open at 5am... gotta have my caffeine for these early morning trips, but this one seems to short my cup no matter what size.  What's that all about?
Ian Childs is great, we always have to wait a while before being seen, but the wait is worth it for someone who takes time with each patient and always answers all our questions. He actually listens to complaints before suggestions, never feel rushed either.  Most of the staff is really nice and remembers us.
There's many other clinics to go to.  Dont waste your time.  Front desk service not the best.
they need to remodel the casino, is so outdated.
Too much sauce, too much oil, nothing special.
Surprisingly good.  The charburger was tasty, their fries are above average and the price is very fair.
Not impressed with my last visit. Pizza was not good and service wasn't either.
Einstein has been a place I wanted to try, finally had the opportunity. Ordered a bacon and egg bagel sandwich. Wasn't to bad, wished the bacon was more crispier. But other then that it was fine. Want to take the wife their and check it out more to see what they have to offer.
Cozy little place, only a bar too sit at, though. No tables. Excellent latte, and the cappuccino was good. Good choice of panini as well (got the chicken one and really enjoyed it).
Didn't love my burger, but the fries were amazing!  Topped with cheese, sauce and jalape\u00f1os, I crave these still!
Second experience here was not good, especially since the first time was only a few days ago.  The service sucked, chimichanga was ok but the chili queso dip was awful.  Tasted like melted cheese slices.  And the nachos looked like they had been microwaved five times...pretty disappointed.
Great people, will order anything I need (I have horses and they don't keep horse feed in stock at this location) great prices and so convenient. Always shop here for all my kiddos (horses and dogs :p )
The best jiffy lube I ever went to. All 3 staffs took a time and check everything they can. They were so fast and professional. I felt bad that they were all sweating for my old car. Thank you.
RAINBOW DONUTS IN DOWNTOWN PHOENIX SELLS BOBA TEA AND SMOOTHIES.\n\nThat's all you need to know.
the burger was very good but the fried chicken isn't very tasty. The place is very kitsch, also a hipster nest , but the service was good and fast.
The lunch buffet was delicious.  The ambience leaves a bit to be desired, but all of the food was seasoned well and fresh.  I am definitely going back.
I dropped off my custom fire suit I race offroad in for dry cleaning they acted like no problem!  I felt like I was in good hands and I was super nice person at the counter.  Picked up and wow I was super impressed and what a great deal!  I will never go anywhere else!
If the service was greatly improved, I may consider going back. The wraps are delicious. Having to wait over 10 minutes to get drink orders and another 15 or so for food orders is a little ridiculous. Especially for a place that's never too busy.
Over priced and under sized steaks. The atmosphere is wonderful and staff friendly and attentive. TBH, you shouldn't have to fill up on bread and sides to make up for the portion sizes of the steaks. I've eaten at many of the top restaurants in the US and just felt ripped off in the end. Better choices
Can you say, CLOSED! Drove by and it's shut down (as of October 27).
If you are craving Chinese food & you're really hungry, this place has pretty good food at a great price.
Very good NY style pizza. They have plenty more on the menu, but we usually stick to pizza and salad. I've eaten here many times and it is consistently good. The garlic knots are now free as an appetizer and they are a family favorite.
Thank you so much for your awesome service. I love using local businesses! Apples to apples, hands down your service costs much less than the VP people. I even saved more with a yelp deal. Jessica was friendly and informative. Products arrived when stated and packaged safely. I recommend beast Printing to everyone. :)
They've been always so great with the kids on a tour. Loved coming back year after year...
I always get good service here. I've had a few haircuts that I wasn't a huge fan of, but nothing crazy. I always do the online check-in and it works like a charm! All in all, good for a chain hair cut shop
Excellent food and service. Large portions that were delicious. Staff was friendly and informative. Omar is the chef and he took time to explain the different dishes. This is my new favorite spot!
The salads here are absolutely ah-mazing!  My fav is the chopped salad with crawfish....delicious!
Good Red Robin! Service was great and the food delicioso!  Not a high end restaurant buy a great neighborhood hang out. Great bar!!!
Cute lingerie and knowledgeable and friendly staff that don't make you feel awkward and uncomfortable.
Pros: Great selection of sushi, Chinese, and American food. Good prices. Lunch is about $9 and dinner is about $13. It's very much worth it!\n\nCons: Service is not the best or most friendly.
Same as any of the other parts of the chain. Prices are step but the burgers are top notch. Plus the Cajun fries are delicious.
Try feta cheese & vegetable or asparagus omelet here.  The hash browns are crispy and one of the best I've tasted. Fast service, people watching late night is entertaining, be sure to check out the lounge. It's a Vegas experience worth checking out if you are visiting town. I recommend.
they charge a 10% restocking fee. The employees will not tell you about it till you bring the item back, even if you ask about the return process.
Thank you to Julie K. for great customer service and greeting on my recent visit.\n\nI arrived while suffering from some lower back pain. I received an adjustment from Dr. Lovaas who explained everything he was doing. I feel much better and look forward to future visits.
Very decent food but badly understaffed.  All of the booze and food dishes tasted great but service was SLOW!!!  Table-side guacamole and fresh salsas were quite tasty.
I've been twice so far and was not impressed. The mood here is more raucous and loud, so if you like that sort of thing, great. But it's too loud for me. And while pub food can be really well executed, they haven't been able to adequately deliver in this area either.
The beer was warm, the skewered beef was gristly, and they forgot about my order.  But the rest of my family had pretty good food.  \n\nDon't let the hostess sit you near the noisy fridge near the middle of the restaurant.
Is it a steakhouse or a singles bar?  With the music blasting out of the bar area, it is difficult to tell.  There are steak options every few blocks here in the Valley of the Sun, so skip this one and go to any of the other fine options.
I took my wife to lunch.  We were greeted as soon as we walked thru the door.  We ordered lunch and the they gave us frozen mugs for our drinks.  The food was very good and restaurant was clean.  We will make many return visits.
Was on business and and 4 of us had a great waiter, food and the service was awesome!  I from the bay area and slightly high maintenance when eating out.  This place was superb!
Winchell's is a nice neighborhood pub.  They offer good food at great prices and plenty of drink specials throughout the week.  It's a good place to take your friends for a few rounds if your not feeling like the strip and want more of a local experience.
Liquid Vape House is the best shop on the east side. The owner keeps his shop stocked and he has good prices. He has everything you need to start vaping and quit smoking. I know I said best on the east side, but you should really make a point to come here from anywhere in Vegas.
I can be here for hours on end. I haven't found any great steals at this particular location however I did pick up a handful of records for the usual $.50. Organized, clean and decent customer service.
This is a great place for an affordable massage. The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice and relaxing. My favorite part was when they wrapped hot, damp towels on my feet...soooo relaxing! \n\nSo, if you are looking for a decent, inexpensive massage, this is the place for you.
Got the jacket I wanted for a great price, ended up getting a bunch of other stuff there too. Gabby helped me, she was friendly, sweet and a pleasure to be around. Thank you! and I'll be back next Vegas trip:)
Tried the combo and had to return for seconds on the belly pork bao. It was that good. The sesame noodle was also great. Will definitely return. The owners were both so friendly and helpful.
I love this place.  The staff are awesome, they have live music six nights a week, and the clientele are 99% douche free.  Never tried the food, but who the hell goes to a bar to eat, anyway?
Cool bar staff. Horrible management system! Meathead bouncers!
A good gyro if you are in the area.
There are homeless people everywhere in here.\n\nOther than that, this is Taco Bell and you know the drill.
Really cool place in North Scottsdale!  Amazing atmosphere, friendly bartenders, and 2 for 1 happy hour drink specials...not bad!
It cannot get any better than this my favorite is mix of banana , hazelnut and lemon. It is quality stuff. If you want something better fly to Italy.
Stopped here a few times for the yummy baklava. I've eaten lunch here once and it was fabulous. I had the tan-tan chicken and it was amazing! Moist chicken and lovely flavors.
Who has only 2 people working the counter on a busy Saturday?  Answer: Dollar Rent A Car. 15 people in front of us and an hour plus wait is ridiculous.
This store was nice.... Maybe you should relax and understand people make mistakes...either that or stay in snottsdale to shop ;)
Love this place. It has the exact same vibes as Jimmy John's, but personally, I like Capriotti's sandwiches better. Great for vegetarians. Great staff too.
Service was terrible! No drinks for 20 minutes the food arrived just after getting our drinks. Hello that is restaurant 101!!!!!!
Did you know they have happy hour till 7:30?
This is a very charming restaurant and the pizza is really good plus they have very nice specials.  The service is always excellent and the wait staff always is very attentive.  Rigatoni with Italian sausage is a favorite....
I love this place so much, I took my mom for her first time my 10th. The service is five stars and the food is great I will always choose Nora\"s for a nice dinner with my honey or even just a nice place to go for no reason at all.
Just in case you didn't lose enough money in las vegas...gamble more at this airport while you wait for your flight! LoL...
Excellent dinner service. Very clean. Green beans, cumin lamb, soup dumplings and shrimp are always on our list here.
I've been a customer of The Coffee Bean For years, A Limo driver Turned me on to this Coffee Place in L.A..\nThis is my Favorite Coffee place.They make my Vanilla Latte  just the way I like it.Starbucks has nothing on The Coffee Bean.I recommend this place to everyone!
Service was not to par, bordering to poor. Food is just so so, not the best as depicted by some of the reviews. This restaurant is probably set up for banquets and not for dining experience. Skip it and find some place else.
If it gets too crowded, hop in the pool behind the DJ booth! If you're not going in with a table reservation, make sure you get your stamps before 10pm, then go home (to get ready, pregame more, scarf down food, etc.) because there will be a line after 10:30!
Great, cute place with something for everyone at all hours! Our group included carnivores, a vegetarian, and a gluten-free-er, and everyone was pleased with the menu. With bread from Stella's, the breakfast sandwiches were the biggest crowd pleaser!
When I visit Madison, Swagat is always on my list of restaurants. Always fantastic! Always friendly!\n\n/
Food was good, service was excellent, but dinner (and especially drinks) were pricy
Waited 25 mins to get my first taste of the chicken today at Concord Mills.  Long wait, but the chicken was worth the wait.  Kids enjoyed the biscuits and the sweet tea was very good as well.
Mediocre service on a not so busy night.  Three bartenders should be able to handle 14 bar patrons.
Dane Brooks \nIs a Con Man and Extremely Dishonest!!!,  BEWARE  I Had A HORRIBLE experience with him.This Man Has NO Business Being In The Business . Very Very SHADY Character.
Coffee was great! Girlfriend and I had a good time, excellent atmosphere and employees were very friendly and charismatic. Clean and cool. Great place to come when its warm out or just hungry.
Very good steak and seafood selection, but I got they Wagyu burger which was excellent.
Love. Cute place and convenient location for boo and me. Yum!
Wasn't really for me. The only thing I like about this place when you order a drink. The bar tender has to stare up to you.
Good food and friendly waiters but the staff is really bad at crowd management. Anytime there are more than 6-10 people in the restaurant, its a pain to get service or even seated. Would not recommend weekends or busy hours unless you wouldn't mind waiting for a long time.
Went there for bacon and eggs.  It's what I expected for bacon and eggs.  They did give me a ton of hash browns which were cooked through.  I've been to places where it's crunchy on the outside and raw on the inside.  Service is easily 4-5 stars.  Food here seems decent.
Probably the best breakfast place in Las Vegas.. Definitely a hidden gem
I thought La Casa was pretty good.  The drinks were tasty, as was the food.  It gave an opportunity to try a variety of things.  The only complaints were it seemed a little overpriced, and the food could have been warmer.
Nice and clean place with a good variety of flavors and add-ons.  Plenty of seating space to eat in or on the patio.
Food was good but watched two tables come after us and eat before us as our ticket \"was lost.\"  Go somewhere else; service sucks.
Triple George Grill was awesome!  Coming from a group of (5), we rated it the best hidden secret/restaurant in Las Vegas!!  \n\nThe next time in Las Vegas we will be sure to come back!!
Been here for breakfast and lunch. Love the food and the entire look of the cafe. It is newly opened and the detail inside is so comfortable and cozy. Food is great and people are nice.
Honestly, I expected better.  It took a while to get seated even though tables were open, the service was not so great, and it took too long for our drinks to arrive...our food made it to the table first.  Just not my favorite.
My wine was served in a dirty glass, one of the bartenders had a mouth like a sailor (f-bombs), listened to a server give a couple a hard time over whether or not they ordered fries or slaw. Overall a weird atmosphere...save your money!!
Great little museum, nothing else like it in Las Vegas! Awesome new dinosaurs exhibit with authentic fossils. Definitely worth checking out!
My car buying experience with Lou Gordon was simple, up-front, and fun.\n\nI would not hesitate to recommend friends and family to this dealership.  Compared with other Mercedes dealerships around the valley, this one truly is a gem.
Dirty Dinning....enough said
Best dentist and office in Vegas! After going through quite a few dentists after my move to Vegas I am so happy I came across this office! The staff and dentist are so friendly and genuine! I highly highly recommend this office to anyone looking for a true dentist and not someone looking to just make money from insurance companies.
Great food as always just the slowest drive thru of any of the in n outs in the area.
Any yelpers know where Sue is working now? She was amazing and she's left this place. I'll follow her if I know where to go?
if your in the casino and don't want to leave this is the place for you. other then that, there are better places.
The dependable grease-hole.\nI loved going here as a student and love returning as a drunk workin man. They have a variety of diner meals and breakfast plates to wake you up or sober you up. These guys never rest.
Opus Lounge has fantastic drinks and appetizers! The service is excellent, especially with Mandy as she will give you suggestions as you ask for them. A definite must hang out for the night owls in Madison!
I took some first-timers to see these gardens over the weekend, and everything was breathtaking as usual!  I never expected to see all the butterflies!  This is a photographer's paradise.  They do a truly excellent job.
I haven't had any baked goods, but the drinks are awesome and the decor is really fun.  They have a frequent buyer program!
They do excellent pedicures and I enjoyed the stones they rub on your leg and feet towards the ending of your pedi. Very friendly staff.
Wear your cowboy boots!
The most expensive meal on the dinner menu is $20 but we were encouraged to try the 'special' filet. No mention of price by our waitress. Then the bill arrived with the bad news: $36 for the filet. Really took the wind out of our sails on an otherwise great night. Buyer beware!
Pretty good to come eat and have a shake after the gym!\n\nPretty pricey, BUT what healthy place isn't? \n\nThe shakes were tasty and the food was pretty good!\n\nI'd come back.
Great atmosphere. Food good. Service even better. Jacob rocks!
I personally love filib's. Everytime I get a fast food craving, it comes to mind. Love the Carne Asada Burrito.
Eclectic crowded, great drinks. Check out the Whiskeyberry Sour. Scotch and blueberries. Sounds weird, but turns out to taste pretty good. Is sweet though.
The food is authentic but I have had better Ethiopian food. Not sure what the other options in Vegas are - but try awash in Los Angeles. That is in a league of it's own and after eating there this place first not stack up. I would not come back here.
This is a great little restaurant that I just discovered. I have been there a few times sampling their pizza and appetizers. Really good quality pizza with a thin and delicious crust. Very good and attentive service. And best of all, only a few minutes from home.
The hot water in the shower took 30 mins. It was so bad. I complained about that and they still didn't do anything
We made reservations for Valentine's night. When we got there they were running 45 minutes behind. When we went to the bar, it took over 30 minutes to get drinks. When we were finally seated and received our food it was cold. It was a complete waste of time and money.
Get the Sweet and spicy burger and a beer. Life doesn't get much better than this! Service is great, food is even better.
Cute little alterations store in the Bashas shopping plaza.  Their prices are pretty reasonable ($10 to hem some pants), and the owner is very friendly and does good work.
Late night snacks at the bar with appetizers.  Had the raw oysters on a half shell and the duck spring rolls w/ foie gras along with a glass of sauvignon blanc.  Good conversation with my buddy and his wife - late night asian-fusion heaven.
Came for resto week and it was amazing.  Also came for the comedy dinner's they have on monday night.  its a great dinner a show night.  totally enjoyable food.  highly recommended!
Food quantity was good, the meat on a chimichanga that i got was Salty as hell i told the waitress she pretty much ignored my concern and kept doing her business might not go back there again.
Come here after kickball all the time! The food is good and the beer is grand. It's a small hole-in-the-wall but it is fun.
The people were semi-ok customer service. Not impressing, but I don't care as much about that. Short and to the point is find with me. \nI do care about food quality, and this one was not the best.
Artie service is above and beyond what you can find in the area. He saved us on a Sunday evening from a busted kitchen pipe and didn't even charge us extra for it being Sunday. He was super professional, very tidy, and integrous. I would recommend no other.
Very tasty. Friendly service. Would go again.
Best sandwich of my life!\n\nyou have to stop here if you are in LV.
Pure beautiful trash!
Disappointing meal here tonight, had a seafood platter. Fish and shrimp were fried in semi-rancid oil. You have to change your oil occasionally! Also nothing to dry your hands in mens room - no air dryer, paper towel was completely out. I expect waaay more for the prices you pay here.
I cannot fathom how anyone could rate this beyond two stars. The service is incredibly rude and unprofessional. Pitbulls with bowel obstructions are more pleasant. Not quiet, near liquor stores with questionable miscreants milling about. Avoid at all costs!!!
This place is awesome, always greeted with a smile and very polite cashiers. This is a counter order establishment. Place your order and they give you a number to place on your table. They run food out to your table. The portion sizes are great. Have 2 TV's to keep you occupied if needed. Breakfast is available all day.
Slow and understaffed. Paying takes way too long. Computers and printers are at best average
The place isn't fancy or pretty per say, but the service was excellent! I dropped my phone in some water and it wasn't working so well anymore. I brought the phone in and they were able to help me out. I would definitely recommend to anyone with a broken phone.
The noodle soup with roasted duck was good, the grey goose martini I ordered tasted like a dirty dish towel. My wife sent back the Lettuce wraps saying they tasted like dog food. I didn't know she had eaten dog food before to compare. Who knew ?
Always quick and amazing service! Foods delicious for me (vegetarian) and my friend! Never had a bad experience there! Wish id been there for happy hour more often. Love it! Always the best breakfast in town! :)
No smoke flavor  in the pork bbq and sides(collards and black eyed peas) were devoid of flavor. Subpar bbq all the way
WOW...Called Paul about possible termites.  Within two hours he was here, diagnosed my problem (not termites), explained solutions and offered other options and additional information. Very impressed. I'll call him back and refer him on!
Ordered a burger, and it was GREAT!  Thought it'd be a typical sports bar type burger, but it tasted pretty gourmet.  Decently priced drinks, and walking distance from the arena.  Will definitely stop by if I'm ever in the area for a sporting event again.
Lots of fun for kids. Guy at counter was very grumpy. Little bit irritated that in-line skates were $5 extra. All in all fun night for kids!
The seared foie gras and venison (deer) - my favorite plates.
What a disappointment!!! I would seek a professional practice as compared to this Chinese Slave Camp!
Better than Magnolia bakery in Manhattan!!! I thought that was an impossible task. I hate you Tammie Coe! LOL
My staple coffee stop for work. The clerks are ultra-friendly, hook me up with those stamped coffee cards, the place is always clean and it shares the building with a McDonalds. What else can be said about a gas station convenience store?
Great place to take the kids. Good for a couple of hours of entertainment. So much outdoor stuff to see.
It is a wendys. Clean pretty quick and consistent. Not much else I could ask for from a wendys
Best accommodation we ever had in Las Vegas. Excellent customer service and high end accommodation. Highly recommended if you are traveling with family.
The parking lot is always a freaking mad house. So I don't go here as much as I would otherwise. The store is always clean and the employees are generally helpful.  I preferred the garden center to the grocery items, but I get why they made the change. Overall it's a good location for this chain.
Delicious. Enough said. Oh and the customer service is always good. Best family owned restaurant in the area. I'm going again right now.
Good food, and good drinks. But extremely slow, and rude waiters. I understand it's busy, but if you don't like your job. Get a new one.
The food here is very good but the snotty hostesses are rude I waited 10 minutes to give our name because they wee busy talking to guys. Never coming to this location again
Still the same great food and service in a new much larger location, with an actual sports bar!  If you like the old location, you'll love the new location!
If I could pick up all of J's Rx for him (some of then you need a photo id for), I totally would have him transfer all his meds to the Scottsdale and Osborn Walgreens by my work.  This Walgreens pharmacy sucks that much!!\n\nFIN.
My daughter chose this restaurant for her birthday dinner. We were very pleased with the experience. The waiter was helpful and efficient. I find it overpriced so I would save this place for special occasions only. Or when someone else is paying.
I LOVE this place! Great burgers, a huge selection of beers on tap.... their fish tacos are great too. I just wish I lived closer....\noh, and fantastic music venue.
They moved to Arizona Ave and Ocotillo in the old Tastee D Lite building!  I love their Gelato.
Best brunch I've ever had. \n\nYelp is forcing me to add words to my review so I'm doing just that right now but there's no need for more. That first sentence is enough for anyone who likes brunch to go there tomorrow morning.
Super great service. The second we walked in we were seated Imeadiatly outside, there was full house but the wait wast not long at all. \nChance was our server and she greeted us so warmly.\nChance is the reason I will be coming back!!
eh.
Five stars for awesome beer lovers happy hour and their fresh chips!  Burgers are great flat top style, always cooked juicy.  Atmosphere is for sports lovers but good for all!  A must stop
We waited quite awhile to be waited on. Finally waitress came and apologized and offered comp drinks. Food was really good. Had pulled pork sandwich. My husband the wranglers burger. Coconut cream pie did not taste as good as when Penny made them. Not as much filling. More whip topping. Oh well
We usually stay here everytime we come. The price is right and rooms are clean. We never win here but the sport center is awesome. I recommend to see game here
After waiting 45 minutes for a cab, our taxi (#69) left without us because we took over one minute to leave the restaurant. I learned my lesson, and will never take anyone other than Green Cab again. Union Taxi is a joke of a company, and I strongly discourage you from booking through them.
I just moved from LA, which provided very good service and food quality there. I was looking for L & L long time already, finally I got there! \nCompare to LA, it's 'good' but not 'perfect' in some reason. But still try it out, you will like it!
Rooms are nice, but food and bar service is very very slow and takes forever! Will not order or eat here again.
They call this a mall. I'm OK with making the drive to arrowhead mall instead. This is has so much potential but it's as if they have given up on it. I remember in the past when it seemed like a real mall. I don't even know why we bothered coming in here
Great place for workout Inferno hot Pilates studio is very clean.  People who work there very respectful and have a great energy. I love going in there for my body and my mindAlso,they have different types of classes so u want get board
Lights too low, music too loud, not many people inside, drinks too expensive. Plus it costs 5$ just to get in. Def not worth it. Try some where else!
Glad my husband and I decided to do brunch here. Really nice environment, friendly waiters and super yummy food. The french toast was so delicious. A little fancier than other breakfast places, they even brought out a foot stool for my handbag. I would definitely come back here again when I'm in town.
My girlfriend and I tried this place out after hearing great things about it in the community. Not the slightest bit disappointed.
Alex (the Mixologist!) is amazing! Remembered our drinks after only one visit and a month in between... Good times!
T-Bone steak ride was wonderful!  Horses are beautiful and well cared for!
Sushi quality is not as good as the picture. Very disappointed. The fish on the sushi is slim and thin. It is worst than other 3 star restaurant,  so I can't believe it got four star.
So yummy! The peach moon is my favorite drink. They also have good happy hour specials. Gumbo is almost as good as New Orleans.The atmosphere is great and the building and decor is cute.
The Superstition Mountains are a great way to get out of the city and enjoy Arizona. Lots of saguaro on ocotillo, with all kinds of trails for all kinds of hikers. A must see when you're in Phoenix!
I have been to all of the super pawns in town and this one had the worst customer service. I find it funny how associates are so rude. I may not be dressed super fancy (was in a summer dress) but I do have money to spend! I will not be back to this location.
When we got there the place was empty and I found it amusing there were more TVs than people in the place. The food was kind of bland and over cooked but still perfectly edible and the portions were large enough. I think they just need a few more weeks to get used to being open and refine their menu a little bit!
Do you work at Bally's?  Look at your physique...  This place is a nice place to relax and drinks are cheap.  It's just not that big of a pool.
Came here with the family the 5 of us had a huge breakfast really enjoyed have they didn't spare any chorizo awesome food awesome service.
Unprofessional work, worker left without fixing AC and took home parts.  Had to call a different company to fix unit after three days.
The chopped salad was delicious and really enjoyed the steak as well.  Different take on a steakhouse and lots of interesting dishes.
Stay away is all I can say.  So bad in every aspect.   Dillon's is the only place to go on the lake.  Do not waste your time or money.   Got sick from their horrific so called \"breakfast buffet\".  Nothing but a joke.  Absolute filth and neglect.  Just stay away.
Large portions. Good food. Quick. Good salsa.  We stop here next time and recommend it to everybody. Large burrito is about $10. 3 taco plate under $10.
Worst bar ever dingy dark dirty bartender smokes doesn't wash hands and only the regulars are treated nicely
Real Maryland Blue Crab. Nuff said
Not sure what all of the fuss is about. Overpriced foods that I can make at home. The only thing I would actually pay for again is the green smoothie. Oh and the jicama fries are terrible.
I now have a new favorite restaurant.  The atmosphere was nice, the food was great. Our waitress, Erin, was very efficient. It was our last evening in Madison and it was perfect.  \nI only wish there was a Cento in St Louis, MO.
We had to ask the staff  to cook the pizza more because some of the dough was uncooked. Not many costumers here at the moment and the place is really messy.  Tables need to be cleaned and the floors swept. I really enjoy peter piper pizza, but I really don't like this location.
Even though it gets really busy, it has everything you need and you never spend more than 20 dollars!  They get some really good deal on fruits and they are never the same.  The staff is also really nice and helpful
Had coffee and muffin. Very nice staff. Sat within earshot off an interview taking place. Very impressed with their employee screening process. If you want a job here be ready for a great interview.
I find myself in here every other weekend.  They do a great job with the falafel, salads and chicken and lamb.  The food is fresh and quickly served.  Do not miss the mint lemonade, a real find.
Awesome food but best of all, awesome service! personally I love their hot and sour soup and tomato beef and my family loves their kung pao chicken and orange chicken. They deliver!! great lunch specials!
Lazy/Rude servers. Over crowded. DB central.
Oh Thomas street. How I love thee. My favorite bar, and for one reason and one reason only. The staff. They make regulars and strangers feel comfortable. Its my version of \"cheers.\" Everybody knows your name. Pretty much my second home.
Ashlee, Kerry & I came around 10pm and still they serve dinner. Dinuguan, Mechado, Kenchai Beef, Calamari, Kare Kare....it was too much but it was good. It was ballroom Friday night so it was a little bit LOUD.
Haven't been in years so I met some friends for drinks. Tried the shrimp quesadilla and a sangria margarita. Good food. The service was ok. I used to go to the Oakland location and remember good food and a loud environment. I would go back but prefer late night when it's a bit more calm.
It was a fun place check in took a while but staff are pretty friendly service was good food was awesome can't wait to go back
THey have the best chicken fried steak that I have ever had!!! There daily specials are amazing as well!!
These guys are GREAT!! Super-friendly and helpful staff and their selection of guns is second-to-none, especially if you are into historical stuff. Their pricing is also reasonable.\n\nI would recommend this place to anyone and will definitely go back when I am in Vegas again.
Great food and service. Wife and I shared the sushi dinner for two -$25 Cooper helped us eat ours and (and he ate his) we could hardly finish ours.  Price is awesome.
Not bad. Decent sushi. The duck bim bi bap was good. Extra half star for having Orion at the bar. View of the waterfall is cool if you're into that sort of thing.
This place is great. Young crowd, cheap drinks ($1.50 select beers and $5 pitchers, can't beat that). I wouldn't come here for dinner, it's more of a dive bar than a restaurant. Definitely loud, crowded and messy which is not always a bad thing.
I have 2 words for you: Fundido Sauce. That's all you need to know. Go forth and conquer.
The people were great the BBQ Was Even better  . I had the tri tip sand which and it was awesome. We will definitely be back
Their employees are the rudest human beings alive... The host are rude and act like they own the joint and the manager Errol is the biggest jerk ever. Whatever happened to customer service and pleasing guest. They clearly have no mission they are following at this Sugar Factory in particular, the one in Town Square is def. better!
Got a referral from a friend to a stylist here. She charged me with my short easy hair cut $20 more than my friend. NEVER going here again if their pricing is not set!
This used to be one of our favorite places. The service is great, but the food seems to have gone down. The ribs had very little meat on them, the chicken was tasty, but not outstanding. The cornbread was outstanding.
I was at this nursery recently and could not find anyone but one man outside that attempted to help me.  The only problem was he couldn't understand my language nor could I understand his.  I was there to make a significant purchase but walked right out.   WOW Star nursery....an unbelievably horrific experience.
Great Pizza & Fries.  This is old school and we have been going here since 1997.  We take everyone we know to Angie & Jimmie's and they walk away saying the same thing.  Great Pizza !
This was a really fun hotel, also very nice. However, it is not  place for kids. Not really a family place. It is more of a singles or couples kind of place.
The staff here is so fantastic!  They are always so happy & friendly.  It's a great way to start my day!  I also love that they offer almond milk!
Rice cravers don't eat here...  I Didn't like it.  Service was fair for our party of 3.  I would have rather eaten at the food court if it had been open.
This pho restaurant is ok.
Place wasnt that crowded so we decided to go for lunch. I had the 4 cheese pizza and my boyfriend had the 777 (shrimp, steak, and potato). My pizza was good. the steak on the 777 was dry and tough. Our service was super slow. Wont be going back there again.
Dirt Cheap and Damn good. There really isn't anything I can say about In-N-Out that has not been already said.  Oh and one of my favorites is the Neapolitan Shake (You have to special order it but its worth it).
Fun place to have a pub meal, a few beers, and a few laughs =) Minding the obnoxiously drunk Scottish men spraying and not saying the news on my arm. Other than that, chill place for an early evening meal before heading out to other festivities. Very friendly waitstaff.
Second time I have used this company and have been very happy. Robert was courteous, professional and carried on in the warm sun with a smile. Took the time to explain my issue and even educate me on ways to run my system more efficiently. This was all on a Saturday. Good job! Thanks so much!
Quick, easy and affordable.  Awesome lunch quickie if you are in the area.  Not sure if I would travel out of my way to come here.\n\nAtmosphere is exactly what you think it would be in a ny pizzeria.
Best cupcakes ever. The strawberry is my favorite but they are all good:)
My boyfriend checked out this cute little shop in downtown Glendale while on the hunt for my Christmas presents. He scored a CHI straightener for $75. They have unique jewelry and lots of Marilyn Monroe merchandise. A nice independent local store!
Sucks, seemed like a regular haircut place dressed up like a barber. Nothing personal about it like a neighborhood barber would offer.
first time coming in on a Saturday. there was a lot of ppl. the whole process took hour half. pretty good in my opinion.
Pasta and cupcakes cannot beat that. The jazzy Sinatra and Tony Bennett music filling the space made me feel humbly in love with each bite of my pasta. My new place of serenity.
Go Sundays for 50% off sushi. The sushi bar guy was awesome and didn't mind me taking pictures. He even posed for a couple. The sushi is good, not the best I've had, but pretty decent. The chicken chow mein was pretty darn tasty especially after a couple of drinks.
we have been driving by this place for years but just stopped in for the first time.  Wow we really should have come sooner.  This place is great.  everything we ordered exceeded my expectations.  The menu is much bigger then I expected too.  Come here you will like it.
Slowest service I have ever experienced at a restaurant.  I will never go back.\n\nNot to mention my chocolate chip pancakes had multiple pieces of plastic mixed in with the chocolate.
Been to Einstein's for a breakfast and two lunches. The food was fine for what it is - it's a chain and the food is all commissaried.  Nevertheless, I did enjoy the different sandwich choices on the thin bagel and the fruit is fresh, not frozen.
Been here many times. Never really had a complaint. But these are not as nice as the ones we have in LA.
We are so thrilled to have such a clean modern spot for delicious Mexican food in sunneyslope! Everything was so fresh and plated very nicely. Friendly clean staff. We will be back many times. So much to try at a good price!
Yesterday evening I went thru the Drive Up window and experienced the most rude behavior from a female employee...I will not frequent that place ever again
I scheduled this company to come to my house TWICE and both times they no showed. I called after the second time of them not showing up and the woman could seem to care less or be apologetic at all. I would never recommend anyone to use them.
I am so excited to have Americas Taco shop in Mesa now!!! Love their food, always good!!!
More guys here than girls....lol.just waiting for a girl to take her top off
Great food. Owner is very pleasant
$24 for 3 tiny oysters and $44 a bottle for hot sake?!?!  No thanks, I'll pass. Go to Social House at the City Center and do the tasting menu there.  So much better!
just ok, not good not bad,.  dont think i'd return.
Convenient to my apartment, I probably eat here about once a week. Their pork buns are amazing, and I like the cocktails, too.
Food galore! Great breakfast/brunch buffet and not as expensive as the others. They also serve crab legs!
Clark was very prompt and experienced! His prices were great, very affordable. I would highly recommend him to anyone needing any type of audio or visual work done. I will be using his service's again in the future.
Not good :/ found a hair in my food and waitress did nothing about it (left it sitting on the table actually...gross). Lots to choose from on the menu though! Unfortunately I most likely won't go back.
My favorite sandwich shop period.
This place took really good care of my wife after an allergic reaction to some oysters. They are located right behind Planet Hollywood and the staff was very accommodating. I would definitely recommend it. Very good nursing staff, the interior is nice enough and they actually seemed to care about the patient.
Possibly the best I've ever had. I really didn't expect to find great tacos anywhere outside California or Mexico but I was wrong. Las Vegas has the best Pastor tacos I've yet had, the perfect breakfast after a night of shenanigans.
Great bistro with great service.  Quality ingredients, nice presentation, friendly and professional service made for a lovely break on a rainy day in Montreal.
We had the Tom Yum Soup and Green Salmon Curry - very satisfying!  They prepared onion-free versions of each as I have trouble when I eat onions.
The service sucks. The entrances are weird and confusing. Employees look angry and unapproachable. They do make good hummus, pitas are dry thoughbut my husband and I would rather go elsewhere.
Don't waste your time. Went here this morning expecting a good diner breakfast with the girlfriend and was very disappointed. Horrible service and took over 20 minutes to take our order which is unacceptable when there was only two other people in the diner.
Amazing food, truly excellent best lobster bisque, and the prime rib, probably the bedt Ive had!!  Great service, the only downside is the size of the portions, we wasted a lot of food, which is unfortunate...
Absolutely wonderful staff!!  Very nice and relaxing and very good quality work. Highly recommend Kay!!!!
Food was delicious, with the exception of the green beans (possibly canned?) I recommend getting anything you order smothered. Fast friendly service! I'm definitely going back to try the gumbo as they were out of it when I attempted to place my order.
Way overrated very loud not comfortable service was fine food was very expensive not anywhere near the quality that the reviews have done I give it one star
Great east-coast style deli in an unsuspecting location.  I've just been once, but the bagels and coffee were excellent, especially the bagels.  There's a big bakery and an extensive lunch & dinner menu.  My potatoes were cold, but that's my only complaint.
The oven broke, they didn't tell us until it took an hour for 2 pizzas. Then they acted like we should be lucky to eat there despite a terrible dining experience.  Definitely not worth it.
Great place! They had us sample the meat prior to ordering so we would know how spicy we wanted. The food was excellent. Service was outstanding! Loved the salsa bar idea. You can try different kinds of salsa.
It was slow and I waited over 15 minutes for my food. I got the semi serious burger and it was bland. The same goes for the fries and onion rings. Totally over rated.
Nice new Starbucks! Spacious and accommodated. Plenty of baristas making the wait shorter and they are super nice too. Thumbs up!
Stopped by to pick up a quick meal. Ordered the alluring on photo Hong Kong Chow Mein and gravely disappointed. It's mainly veggies, noodles and meat mixed together...that's it. Was I expecting too much?
GREAT SERVICE/GOOD VIEW (kno Wut I'm sayin ;)) friendly staff, good food, good service, split cheeks (I mean checks), bday desert. I mean, could this guy ask for more?! Heck nah!
I've been going there for years and am always satisfied.  There have been plenty of opportunities to sell me something I didn't need., but Adam and Ron are straight-arrow all the way.
great services, great people.
The dine-in theater at AMC is the PERFECT place to take a date.  With dine-in experiences being 18+ there are no children running around.  The food is the same price as a Chili's and they bring it right to your seat while you enjoy the feature.  I'm definitely going back!
A pretty good Pizza, I live near the North Cheyenne location, but think the South Eastern store s better. Try them both and decide for yourself
A place to sleep
Went for lunch at 11:40 am.  Saturday, today.  The menu items were off limits, but could have breakfast and all the appetizers, until 12 noon.  Really?\nSales prevention team.
Slowww service,  this place is dead, what is the hold up. My Margarita is the worst more I've had in a very long time. I had to check on the waitress to even order an appetizer.  Overpriced drinks overpriced food sub par service.
Iv accompanied my husband to almost all the golf courses in Phx and since past 1 year have nt been playing due to my fracture  . I have never been charged for just riding in the cart b4 but this place charged us 18 bucks .. What a money making trick!!!
The best tacos in the city, amazing veggies, and indescribably great salsas. The tacos are like tapas, so you need to order two or three, but they are reasonably priced. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff with great art to view while waiting for your order.
Dined and drank at Margaritaville in Vegas last night.  The blackened fish sandwich was excellent and the hot crab dip is tasty as well.  I know its a kitchy, commercial, chain restaurant, but the experience is always enjoyable for me.
Pink place outside Ceasars. Lousy food, lousy service.  Skip it.  If you want inexpensive, go to In-n-Out Burger!
If you want to stay at a hotel on the strip stay away from the Stratosphere. It is the last hotel on the strip and too far walk to and from. Sure the place is cheaper then the rest but its not worth it.
Great Italian restaurant! Fast service and delicious authentic food! Ask for Mr . D's special spicy marinara sauce!
My favorite Pho but I think it has a new name now?
The cashier was very rude . I asked for a military discount and  the guy didn't even give me an explanation at all . He just ignored me . I will never come to this location again .
Not a big fan of haze its costs way to much for what it is.
The steak shish kabob switched recipes and is now overcooked, tiny pieces of steak. Not to mention there is a three drink maximum! I have never been to a restaurant with such ridiculous restrictions. The service is excellent but the changes they have made will definitely keep us out of that Texas Roadhouse!
It's 2014, Christmas approaches and it's full-on Country Christmas here at Big Apple 1.  The place is generally fixed up, painted and clean,  Great stars of country sing songs of Christmas over the sound system and the halls are decked. I'm looking forward to my grilled chicken salad.
This would actually be zero stars, if I had the option.\n\nTried to get them out to give me an estimate for service, never received a response.
Closed on 12-31-24
This hotel has beautiful rooms and some of the staff were very nice. But I stayed here a week and overall the customer service was horrible...that just really killed my stay. Hate it wish I could give it a better rating.
I can eat salmon almost every day, so when I had the hazelnut crusted salmon I was in heaven!  The sides are fresh and the server was pleasant.  I will definitely be back for my salmon fix!!!!
Nice place...very friendly staff, had a couple of breakfast items. The steak burrito was huge and made with fresh ingredients. Wife had a tartine with bacon, cheese, eggs made benedict style on nice fresh bread. This place, alongside Metro Pizza, is a nice addition to this part of town.
Walked in right at 6:00 - closing time. Was denied a haircut. I understand they need to close, but it seems like poor service to turn away a paying customer. Won't be back
Service is way too slow.
Cardboard crust, canned sauce. Nothing special. But if you're starving and only have $2 in your pocket, this will tide you over. Nothing more.
Just order lunch, was reeeeally hungry so I am probably being generous here. The summer rolls were pretty good, the lunch pad thai is probably the worse pad thai I've ever paid money for. Very oily, actually the oil is the only thing that gives this thing taste.
Tasted good but was basically just an obscenely overpriced glass of sugar water, chemicals and a little booze.
I love going here! The service is outstanding and it is a great way to paint away my stress. Check it out. Often times you can get a coupon for discounted studio fees online or on Facebook.
Today I got the Cheesecake Factory and I had a pulled pork sandwich it was really good and so was the cheesecake but when I ordered my salad and it came with Thousand Island dressing the Thousand Island dressing literally tasted rotten and made me so sick I love going to the Cheesecake Factory but I will not return after this experience
My husband and I love this place!  We have been going there since they opened.  Atmosphere is great, they have live music.  The food and wine out of this world!  I love the brushetta and my husband loves their fish tacos.  It is a great place for date night.
We had a fantastic evening, until we went to pay/use the restroom and our mostly full beers were cleared, even after asking the bartender to watch our drinks. When we mentioned this, we were told to basically Sod off. No big deal, only out 8 bucks, but left a sour enough taste to never go back.
Karlsruhe ein Bahnhof der noch nicht von der bauwelle betroffen ist, im Bahnhof der sehr gro\u00df ist, gibt es auch fast alles zu kaufen.
The opera, creme bulee, coconut truffles, etc. are just a few of the items I splurged in purchasing because I won a gift certificate to this magical place. I am not a huge dessert person but I could buy just about anything from here and be very happy with my purchase.
Had a delicious turkey sandwich on rye and a fruit salad that was very fresh and good.  Very friendly, quidk service as I head back to work from my gym.  Also the prices were a bit lower than some of the other sandwich shops nearby.
The almonds cookies, homemade bread, etc. are incredible!!! The service is magnificent and the owner, Henry, is the nicest of the nicest. If you are in need of a great atmosphere with some awesome sweets, this is the place to travel miles and miles to get it.
d-i-r-t-y.   \n\nand dark.  they run hand in hand. \n\n\nseriously.  great concept and all, but bring your own lysol, purel, and vacuum if possible. \n\nservice was pretty quick.
The food quality has worsened a lot in recent months. Must be a new chef. Almost every dish has less taste and less meat. Too bad.
Would have been a four star review except for the waiter Arnold who seems to think high pressure waiting is acceptable. Even after we told him we were in a rush he kept us waiting for over fifteen minutes before asking if we wanted dessert. He was too busy chatting with co workers. AVOID!!
Great atmosphere and the place to be on a cool fall Phoenix night. They have tons of games to entertain anyone of all ages and you must get the soft pretzels and provolone fondue!!!! Out. Of. This. World.
Melt in your mouth steak and mash potatoes worth every penny.
This hotel looks like an enchanted castle. We didn't stay here, but enjoyed the all-you-can-eat lunch buffet for dirt cheap. There was plenty to choose from and everything was fresh. Not generous with the seasoning tho, but I probably didn't need those extra sprinkles of salt anyway.
I found this place by searching for \"Hipster Charlotte\"  on a recent interview trip.  I had a Cheeseburger, some roasted potatoes and a beer for lunch.  I think that hand cut fries would have been better.  I liked the relaxed atmosphere and I will be back here, should I get the job!!
Ridiculously large portions! Tasty, unique menu and friendly staff. Drive-thru is a big plus when you have kids in the car!
Descent.
Q
I just had their gyro dinner and was very happy with the food.  It tasted good and was reasonably priced.  Didn't take very long for takeout either.  The hummus was kind of bland though, and they didn't give me much pita to go with it.  Hand made pita was very good.
Nice burger place. Pros: great attentive service and decent pricing for this area. Cons: food tastes pretty standard, disappointed in quality of fries.
As far as chains go, this is one of my favorites for fast food. Why? Because you can stay healthy and still have a great quick meal. When I am doing the low carb thing, I love grabbing some grilled chicken and a salad... easy and much better than a burger and fries...
Tried to make an appointment on line twice.  They show available dates and times that are not available.  The office confirmed the appointment only to call back and ask for the appointment to be rescheduled at their convenience.  If you don't have the availability do not make it available on line.
cute enough staff, decent enough food
when you walk in its old school which is cool and the outside is cool but the food was medioca just a bit i would not give the a second shot now a different location maybe...
The people who work there are great and they make the best coffee there, that's why I keep going back
I didn't spend enough time in here to make any friends, but I wish I had. Everything was easy to find, and the prices aren't bad. I need to come back and look in to the pre-made stuff everyone's talking about, because I hate to cook, so I shall return :)
Mai's is okay. It's just okay. I personally live very near Arsley so it's convenient but if it relocates they won't see me again.
Food is ok.  Service is somewhat rude, even for a Chinese restaurant.
Management changed recently and is evident in customer service and customer relations. Portion sizes seem to be shrinking. Not worth the money.  I don't care how good the cookies are!
Nice vibe and a much needed Hookah bar in old town scottsdale. The owner is always there and very nice. Good variety of flavors as well.
The buffet is amazing.
Good food. Kind service- quick service. Juice smoothies are refreshing addition to typical middle eastern menu. Casual dress.
Horrible service and couldn't even tell you about the food because I walked out after waiting over an hour and still no food. So now I sit at Jack in the box next block over. The cooks looked lost and totally under trained, the server lacked any experience and should not be taking orders especially considering it was his fourth day on the job.
Well to tell you every time I come here is amazingly awesome, never had a problem with there food or service. People just need to chill with the bad reviews.\n\nAlso not just the food is great but their deserts are delicious! Mango with white rice and cream is a must try!
Good food for the price.
This place has amazing lunch specials  8.99 fresh hot and enough to feed two people! !!
Tried breakfast here and was quite disappointed.  Bacon looked precooked and the hashbrowns were under done.  Try Sunrise Cafe instead.
Decent lunch buffet..They had a Mediterranean/Indian , chinese, mexican, seafood, american, salad section..
Great place, great food and people.  We're holding our Pints for Paws \"Yappy Hour\" here to benefit Louie And Friends Foundation on Saturday 4 pm to 8 pm.  Come see us and enjoy some great food and drinks for a great organization helping people with their dogs vet bills.  There is a dog friendly patio and event.
Nice atmosphere.  Decent sushi, although definitely overpriced and not any better than any other sushi on the strip.  You are paying for the ambiance and the allure of The Cosmopolitan.
The bread bowl was a bit tough. The lobster chowder tasted alright but was not warm enough.
Over priced candy, I don't get it. \nThe girls were very nice and helpful.
Had the 8 ounce filet mignon (medium). So very tasty and so unbelievably tender I only used my fork to cut it. 'nuff said.
We attended a wedding here recently and decided to stay the weekend. Everything about our time at Sanctuary was exquisite - every drink, every bite of food...from the valet to the masseuses....it was a 5 start experience from start to fnish.  We look forward to going back for many years to come!
Best Take out Chinese Food Ive had in Henderson. My father in law is New Yorker and is very picky about his Chinese Cuisine. And this was a hit with him and the rest of us!
Nice to have a frozen yogurt place nearby.  It can get pricey so we typically only go when we have a discount coupon.   I like the variety of fresh fruit toppings available, although I often just get yogurt with no toppings.  The store is kept clean and fresh looking, easy seating and parking.
We ordered the dumplings and the shrimp and walnut. The shrimp comes with broccoli which is perfectly cooked for my taste. The sauce for the dumplings is so really tasty.
I love this place! I always make sure to stop in when I go to Vegas.  Cherry Bombs are NO JOKE! Love it!
We just returned from another enjoyable visit to Cucina Tagliani! The spinach manicotti and ravioli were very, very good as well as the eggplant parmesan. Service was spot on and we will most definitely return when in PHX.
Meatballs were bland. Asked for our pizza to be crispy (shouldn't it always be, if it's thin crust?) but it came out as a soggy mess.
This place is always amazing. Polite great service. They always make me feel better and the prices are awesome
I really appreciate locally made foods and businesses but the ice cream was OK. Cute litte place to try.
Often we get poor service, but keep coming back for the fish fry. You get a HUGE fillet of fried fish with fries and slaw for $11. I never leave hungry or dissatisfied with my food.
Everything about this place is vulgar: the decor, the staff, the crowd, the background music, the food. \nIt's edible, I guess, but you can get a thali that's twice as good at half the price by going to Pushap on rue Par\u00e9.
Enjoyable \"patio\" setting in the fake St. Mark's Square with reasonable prices but abysmal service and mediocre food. To their credit, the manager apologized profusely for the service and discounted the bill.
My opinion of the food and service has not changed. But they have gotten a bad habit of not opening on time. Sometimes up to 2 hours late!
Pretty scenery, sat outside to watch the fountains but it was hot and humid! Service was not up to par with other Bellagio restaurants, pretty slow. Had to remind them to refill waters several times, and waited an hour for our lunch to be served!
Terrible lines and idiots for service
BEST Scwerma Sandwich YET in Phx area!!!\nand friendly owner....\nRelaxed, cozy, homemade.\nDefinitely will be back.
Great beer? Check. Excellent cheese curds? Check. Standout service? Check. All I have to say is this place delivers. And Dan the bartender is as good as they get. Give that man a raise!
This is a really good place for a nice simple and tasty meal. The fish tacos were amazing.
Not much to see. They play Hispanic music over the intercom system meaning no English. The store shelves are empty. I was in & out in 5 minutes, didn't find anything, was very unimpressed & will not return.
one of the best shows we saw while we were in Vegas. High energy! and freaking hysterical! go see this, you will not be sorry.. Super fun!
Very friendly, and clean.  The girls were great!  Great shampoo, Fantastic haircut
Another great night of Papa Murphy's Pizza. Good food reasonable prices and enjoy at home !
IN THE MIX PRODUCTIONS is thrilled  to launch our Las Vegas market.  DJ Donny is the main reason for our expansion.  He is focused on pure entertainment with an emphasis on great customer service. Don has a great following and we look forward to seeing some fantastic events out of Vegas!
They will grill your crab with garlic and green onions if you ask. Delicious - the taste is reminiscent of Crustaceans.
A girl passed out while everyone waited in the heat to get in. Security didn't even acknowledge the situation. They stood at a distance and chatted amongst themselves as an ambulance took her away.\n\nThere was no AC. It was hell.\n\nDon't go here.
I have been here twice for lunch and both times were great. Large portions and fast service. The service was good but not great. But that shouldn't stop you from having a good meal.
We went on Veteran's day, and waited over an hour to get seated, then an additional hour for our food.  There was six of us, and when the food arrived, it was all cold.  I thought the menu was very innovative, but we couldn't tell because it was all cold.
Great service. Always quick and friendly.
Oh my god breakfast for four. This turned out to be enough for lunch too. I would recommend this place anytime.
Ended up here on a stroll through the strip. Thanks to drake I couldn't resist but walk in. Juan was a delight to work with. Walked out with a pair of earrings, sunglasses, necklace and two pairs of shoes. \n\n#versaceversaceversace
Over priced for what it is! Got charged their gratuity for a large party even thou person in my party didn't eat. Rip off
Tried another massage, this time with Anya.  They have weekday specials, and the Friday special is an extra 15 minutes free with any massage.  The deep tissue massage was very good, and included aromatherapy and a heated pad to relax the muscles before Anya started working out knots.  Upgrade 1 star!
Jeannie is awesome! If you want a true Bloomfield Italian experience, this is the place.\n\nBreakfast is huge. If you can handle all that food for a cheap price, it's good for a hangover.
Came on a Sunday after church only to find out they closed early after they had a slow lunch. Strike one.
We started off with the usual chips and salsas followed by 2-item combinations - enchilada and chile relleno served with refried beans, unadorned salad and Spanish rice.  Though restaurant names differ, the same mediocre Tex-Mex food may be found in most casinos.
This place is great. I needed a small storage unit for some stuff while i was in between apartments and they helped me out greatly. Anna was extremely helpful and kind. I'd keep storing here just because of her service. She's awesome and deserves a raise!!
The place looked like  a  junkyard, way too over priced and the people that works there gave me the Creeps.
Had some issues with my car after service. Went back and spoke with the manager Edward. He was beyond helpful and resolved the issue.
The store has re-opened under the name: \"Phoenix Oriental Market\". I am really glad I found this place. I'm new to Phoenix and previuosly thought the closest Asian market was way over on 75th and Cactus.
I love this place. it was amazing, the food and the staff!!!!!!!!! My new favorite spot.
I absolutely love this place. I probably will never go anywhere else unless I have absolutely no choice... Great little spot to come at night :) employees are nice and the owner is really cool too. \nDefinitely try this place out, you will not regret it!
It was horrible from the service to the food to the management. You could certainly tell that Robert McGrath was no longer affiliated  with the restaurant.
What do you expect from a fast food chain.  \n\nHad the Southwest chicken salad. Meh.
Love this place. I love the drinks, atmosphere, and the service.  Barristas are always upbeat and friendly.  Great offers on bulk coffee. They have Italian sodas too! Kids love them.
Called in ahead to see if they had a beer that I can't get in California. They did. Owners and employees were pleasant and helpful. Will go back for sure next time I'm in town. They also have a deli inside but I didn't sample that.
Ok, I needed to update.  Saw Slidin' Thru outside of Insert Coins tonight and they made me barby fries even though they don't normally serve that on the trucks (only the restaurant).  Love every employee I've ever met with Slidin' Thru!
Don't visit for breakfast.  Poor service, overpriced juice and coffee, very limited menu, food is average at best.
Service was mediocre. They started cleaning around me. Why let me in the door if you are not going to stay open?
Great service. But sub par steak. Not the highest quality of beef. Steak also had a cut in it to check doneness. Which is unacceptable.
It was too much of spice on every food. We tried 4 different dishes, good but too much spice.
We arrived with a reservation on a low traffic evening.  It took us a half hour to get our car.  Agents were VERY slow.  Ours seemed more interested in selling us insurances than getting us to our car.  The car we finally ended up with had minimal accessories.
Lovely.  The Chandelier, the Restaurant Collection, the Views.  Expensive, but would recommend.
Good quality filet mignon at a typical price. Service was okay. Steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare. This place is really busy and kind of loud, but that is to be expected.
I heart Bosa. Best in valley! Only reason they get 4 stars and not 5 is the coffee situation. As great as the doughnuts are the coffee is wack-tastic.
I like this place. I like the pan pizza and can always find something on the menu since it is a very extensive menu.
Best place I visited in Madison, hands down, and I went to a lot of places. Unpretentious, fun, casual local bar with intriguing microbrew choices on tap. Bonus points for cute cow decor!
Great bar for the right crowd, sometimes you can feel a little awkward, but all in all a cool spot for a drink!
This is the best auto repair place!  Great service and you leave feeling like they didn't take advantage if you.  Replaced my side mirror for much less than the dealer.
I just want to like it due to its location and great beer selection, but the food is awful.
They have a great happy hour and a bright and fun atmosphere.  The staff is friendly, and you def feel like you are in a different world with all of the bright colors and sand around the bar outside.
Had the worst burgers from Mickey D's from this location.  Filed a complaint and NEVER received a call back!!!  Horrible dry and old burgers (and they were premium $$$ burgers)...$17 for 2 meals!
I've been coming to La Pi\u00f1ata for years and it is consistently delish!! Rice and beans are a deciding factor for me and theirs are YUM. I've never had anything not good! Do yourself a favor and ask for the hot salsa!
This HM has go to be the best one so far! The sales were fat! The variety of mens clothing was huge. 3 floors of a gentlemen's closet! woohoo! I wanna shop here again!
I ate here two years ago and loved it. The service is terrible. We were billed for things we didn't order. The chicken tacos were good...if ordered at Baja Fresh. The kitchen ran out of desert 5 hours before closing on a Saturday. Do not go for anything other than happy hour.
From the roasted corn, to the carne asada burrito to the savory crepe and the croque madame  you cannot go wrong!
Yum! I always get the gaal bi and cheese don katsu.  I tried the fried rice and that was excellent as well.
Pretty standard quality, service, and pricing for an airport venue. Which is to say that the only reason you are eating here is because you're trapped. With that said, the Blue Corn Quesadilla was tasty enough to devour, and they have beer on tap, making for an experience more gratifying than a food court.
all ok \nif you like big hotels and get treated like cattle MGM is your hotel\nthis was  really the  only hotel that didn't stink that bad of tobacco smoke
I used their services and enjoyed them.  HOWEVER - trying to contact the branch is nigh on impossible.  Neither number connects.  480-306-4444, 480-948-3900.
Been here many times, and have never been disappointed. The food is always good, breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and I've never had bad service. Great venue to see a show. Didn't care too much for the Gospel Brunch, but I was extremely hung over, and it was a bit loud.
Went last night to see a friend on open-mic night and it was really fun. Even though the comics were amateurs they were all pretty funny. The drinks were nice and strong. Excellent location next to many fun spots and restaurants. Very friendly staff. I will definitely go again.
Well food was fresh and delicious service was way behind the power curve though one of my pet peeves is an empty glass but we had four empty glasses and there were less than a dozen people in the restaurant. O well to many places to go with fresh delicious food and great service than this joint.
Very nice sitting out on the patio.  The bruschetta was delicious.  I can't wait to go back and try some more things.
One way you can tell if the food is good is if the actual type of people that eat there are that nationality.  Well here is a place that has great food, really nice waitresses and inexpensive cuisine.  You can get a ton of food under $10 and Chips and salsa galore!  the drink specials are great there too!
I've been to The Yard before twice, and the atmosphere was so casual and pleasant that I stayed for hours. Went on a Saturday afternoon, and it has sadly now become a Chuck E Cheese.  Tons of young children running around with no parental supervision. Too many large birthday parties. The place has lost its charm.
Grade: F\n\nPerhaps the nastiest slop I have ever eaten. Terrible service. The chips and salsa are the only non-unpleasant things about this place.  Kudos to Food Fight Inc.
Really disappointing experience. Cute place but noisy. The bacon was good and the costa burrito was good. The hash browns were undercooked. Out first and last time!
Lady was very very rude. Made insulting comments about my face.\nThe nails were done very fast and very sloppy. My mani pedi took 20 minutes. That is ridiculous. Never going back
Our first time here! Very relaxing and service was excellent! James and the manager took care of us! We enjoyed the food.
You've got to try the watermelon BBQ sauce on something. I had it on the wings and wish there was room for the ribs. Sounds weird at first but the watermelon isn't over powering or too sweet.
I love the spicy cheese burger and they make it with lettuce without buns and their drink sweet and sour vodka drink Proletariat Gimlet was good..!\nAnd service is always desent..!\nWe at least come here at least once when we are here in Vegas..!
Don't bother stopping.  I travel the US 75% and have taken them off the list.  Tried them twice for lunch.  Slow, slow service, food is mediocre and suspect if it meats the health code.
We had a great dinner at this restaurant, fair prices, great flatbreads, beautiful restaurant.   Food tasted very fresh and and \"waterfront\" locale was refreshing after a few hot days in Phoneix. Very nice outdoor bar area as well.  Would definitely go back.
This place reaked. The service sucked... Forget even visiting the Las Vegas location in Cesar Forum shops....
The music and acting was wonderful.  We are glad that we had the opportunity to catch it before it left. I do agree that it seemed to drag a little.
Solid italian restaurant.  Somewhat pretentious but the service is spot on.  Food is ok - not excellent but worth a try.
absolutely nothing special.  Overpriced basic sushi.  Don't believe the hype.  There are plenty of other ways to lose money in vegas...
I love Shila! She always does an amazing job. She does exactly what u ask. The place is always clean. Ive been a long time customer of hers and I'm so happy to see she has her own place with her name on it.
Patio was nice but that was it...service was slow (the woman was very nice when we saw her). Service and food made me think of being in a hammock. Relax, swaety, bored and somewhat comfortable.
Their pizza is decent, but their service is TERRIBLE! The guys that work here are the most rude food service people that I have come across. I won't go back only because of their service!
Was surprised at how greasy the crust was, but it may have been due to the pie ordered (Gladiator). Love the casual ambience and decor, would be willing to try another pie in hopes I would taste more of the crust and not mostly grease.
I came across this little bar one day walking around Charlotte. I love this place. The food is awesome and the staff is always friendly. It's small and personal. It's the perfect bar for those who hate Chain bars and restaurants. It's in the perfect location right across from the new Knight stadium and near the Panther stadium.
Pretty tasty cheesy jalape\u00f1o popcorn, great service and good quality!
Really needs attention from its Chef owner. What happened?
Nice surroundings, well decorated, and good music! Food was horrible! I had ordered a pasta which was $15 and it had about seven noodles and the side of bread was hard and food wasn't hot or anything special! My friend's food order had came to the table wrong and was complicated to get her burger made correctly!
Walked into this place, did the tour, and walked right back out.\nMachines, smokey, no beers on tap, and just a generally uninviting atmosphere. No one bothered to comment as I passed through, left and headed to Steiners a mile away. \nNo thanks.
it was right downstairs from moon.. it was allright.. mainly tables for gambling.. not much of a dancefloor or a club..\n\n\n\nwould recommend this place to people who want to chill at a nice venue
This is good stuff no doubt. Same guys as Slidn Thru so you know the \nservice is great and the food will be original and BOMB!!
This store is just as the star system says:  A-OK. When we went a couple of days ago, there wasn't really anyone around to help. I love the sales that Macy's has and this store is nicely laid out, so I will be back.
Dirty location. I ordered a sweet tea for them to tell me they are out after I paid for my order. And refused to refund me. I don't drink soda.
I love M&Ms, but I don't love them enough to deal with the insane crowds.  I only went here because my sister wanted to check the place out.  I just don't see the point of a multi-floor store dedicated to a candy.  Sorry.
The Old Spaghetti Factory, was wonderful... Everyone I was with enjoyed their meal. Also the coffe was to die for. I will definitely go back when I am in the area.
Great food and fun classy atmosphere. I love the menu because there is something for everyone. Everything I've tried has been good but my favorite is rice pudding with Turkish coffee. And the hookah lounge is a great place to hang out with friends after dinner.
Great company,  best cleaning, best customer service!  Please do yourself a favor and support this local business!  You won't be disappointed!
I had one sub-par meal there, the meat was not very flavorful, the tortilla nothing near authentic.  Tried it again just to be sure, and the second time it was again sup-par.  \n\nThere is definitely better Mexican food to be had in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area.
Good service. A lot of tvs everywhere to watch games. The bathroom had no toilet paper and I had to tell them they ran out. Tuscan Sandwich is good
A nice restaurant. Waitress was great. Food was good. A mistake was made on my mom's order but was fixed right away. A very pleasant experience.
I was there the other night, 20 minutes til close...they were out of mayo, ketchup, lettuce, tomato, iced tea and baked potatoes...what's left to order?  Just close early...
Went there for a business dinner. All of the meals were great, good wine list. The bananas foster dessert was amazing.
The service was great. Food was ok. TVs in the background were ok, it just sucks to hear the loud tv commercials.
love the atmosphere cant wait to go back after the remodeling is done
Alright folks I liked this place but I have just not stumbled upon korean food that I adore. I really thought they did a decent job of what was brought to our table but overall I thought it was just moyen.
Very good latte and friendly service. Haven't tried the food yet but will soon. Nice atmosphere, free wifi. I love locally/family owned businesses.
Closed. Bldg for sale.
I heard that this place was so good, but the display was being rotated overtime. And unfortunately when I went there the exhibition wasn't impressed me. \n\nMay be next time when I go to LV, I will check this place out again,
Great location, way overpriced. Paid $22 for a chopped salad at lunch time, and I would say it was okay. You're paying for convenience and to escape the heat without leaving the pool.
Upon arriving and looking for a real estate agent I didnt know what to expect. I called Tucker and he was fast, willing, and able to accomodate my needs. Tucker is totally honest and makes you feel completely comfortable while doing business. I would highly recommend Tucker and will continue to work with him in the near future.
Restaurant was nice looking inside for a small place. Service was slow and it wasn't so busy. Food was OK. Maybe Indian food is just not our thing. The mango lassi drink was delicious at least.
This review is long overdue.  Every time we visit Las Vegas, Nobu is a must for us.  The service, ambiance, drinks, and food get a A+.  We always get the cod miso, it is to die for.
So nice that a buffet actually makes fresh Handrolls by request ! Super ono. Friendly servers, our drinks we're never empty. English save room for crepes and ice creams
Okay.  Quasi-Asian. PF Chang-lite.\n\nTwo soda machines with dozens of options holds things up and causes lines.
Friendly staff. Not impressed with the food. If you want better Italian, there are multiple other places in town worth a try in my opinion.
Welcome to a dive bar that is a dive bar without irony.  Home of fantastic gigantic long islands sold in mason jars.  The Red Shed tends to attract college kids and dudes going to games. There's table soccer, darts, and pool.  I have good word this place hasn't changed since the 1970's.
Would give it 0 stars if I could. Getto place with workers that don't give a damn about customer service! Never will go here or recommend to anyone that they waste any money on this place!
The pizza was definitely 'da bomb'. The service was great and they even had a couple flat screens to watch football. Great New York Pizza and Football. You can't top that!
Burger-good, real good\nFries-just fries, need to crisp them or something\nCustard-delicious!\nChoc shake-delicious
good beer selection...tried them all!  food menu is a wide as can be...a couple great salads I always get like the italian chopped (which the just changed...bummer) and the french fries are awesome.  the soup and salad endless combo at lunch is a winner
Overpriced for what they serve, bad service, and not a nice place. For a buffet, Red Rock is a best option for the same price.
Have eaten at a few Brazilian grills in the pat from Albuquerque to Washington DC.  Pampas was definitely not the best. The service was average, but the cleanliness of the restaurant was very poor.  The floor seemed like an oil slick and the walls were splattered with food and drink. Wouldn't recommend.  Disappointment.
I want to compliment Lyz and manager Dennis for their fast and professional service. My order had been completed incorrect. When I contacted Lyz and Dennis about it they both were very attentive.  They went above and beyond of what I expected.  \nI appreciate your great customer service!\nDavid.
Bought expired food, went to return it and the owner said expired food is fine...........hell no
LAME-- Was really looking forward to this show with Halloween coming up and all... kinda disappointing.\n\nNot even one ARRRRR or Ahoy, matey! \n\nYou totally get what you pay for...
Little on the expensive side for what you get. The sandwich was pretty good though. Just a little pricey for a sandwich.
Terrible! Forget to mention all of the extra fees! Then charge $3 for a can of soda. Are you effin kidding me?! Worst airline. Not sure what else to say . . .
Horrible, horrible ...I can't write everything I've heard about this place, because it'd be slanderous and probably hard to believe anyway. But beware of everything if you do get dragged here.
Amazing Chinese!  Gary did it again with this location and we love coming in to watch sports on a Saturday afternoon. Best Chinese in AZ!
A couple of things to know about this place.\n\nOne, never show up wearing Red Sox gear.  Two, get the breakfast burrito.  They are among the best you'll have.
Happened upon this place passing through town. Great spot for unique and delicious Mexican food. Mole enchiladas were so good. So was the corn, and these bruschetta type things with beans on em. My boys got the tacos and they looked awesome.
If you want a salad, hamburger or Italian, it's great.  But don't order the fried stuff.  Their chicken fingers taste like they've been cooked in cornmeal, and their sampler is really heavy on the breading, so it's pretty greasy.  I'm sticking with the salads.
Amazing crepes! The berry crepes were to die for. I want to try the Nutella ones next time.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):\n7 Food\n9 Service\n7 Atmosphere\n7 Value
Solid hot wings, reasonable beer prices, and ample seating. This is your run-of-the-mill sports bar, and not a bad place for lunch.\n\nThe seating is alright, I just wish there were more room at the awkwardly placed bar. I'll be back for more wings if I'm in the area.
I tried to like this place, even went about 5 times... but just couldn't.  I used to be in photography group and we met there twice because it was big, but it just wasn't good. \n\nI would never go back here again.
Food was excellent and the owner was very friendly.
One of my favorite take out places. Orange chicken is awesome. Staff is always friendly and attentive.
Il Pizzaiolo serves authentic and delicious pizza and pasta.  I highly, highly recommend eating in the \"wine bar\" out back - where the main restaurant is loud, bright, and crowded, the wine room is darker, more romantic, and closer to the bar.
Good Chinese.  If you are a whitey like me, ask for it Chinese style and you will get a much better version of what is on the menu!  Obviously, try the many homemade dumplings.
Love this store! Some of the cutest clothes, friendliest staff and best sales in town.  Only wish there was one in my home town of LA.
If you want to drive from Los Angeles to spend time in a Section 8 property, good luck to you. Front Desk told me that the rooms are going to be remodeled\nDon't rent this room out then!!!
Good service and above average bargain pizza. The philli cheese steak was quite good.  Very family friendly.
MMMMMMMMM Deep Fries Oreos for a dollar!!!! Otherwise, the place itself is pretty gross (the dining area) and the staff isn't particularly kind. But whatever, it's in the Mermaids casino so it's not exactly like I was expecting the Ritz.
Delicious (and cheap) noodles. They have a HUGE menu and I've never been disappointed! Great place for takeout & convenient for CMU and Pitt students. One tip - if you're getting takeout, call ahead and they will have it ready for you when you get there!
Had a great happy hour there. Staff are very nice and helpful. This place attracts good people. Shepard's pie is delicious, so is their fish and chips.
The building serves the purpose, however I'm still not crazy about taking off my belt when the Federal Court house doesn't require me to do so.
Standard barbeque fare. We don't live close by but were in the neighborhood and wanted to try something new. Meat was good but nothing I would drove across town for. Best thing I had was the jalape\u00f1o sausage - delicious! And they carry a large selection of Shiner beer.
Seriously yummalicious baked goods! Huge sandwiches. The corned beef can be a little dry. The best mazoh ball soup in Vegas. Good smoked fish. This is the best Jewish deli in Vegas.
Food is great here and owner of casino hotel is great as well but they have a horrible nasty hostess/cashier\"Aida\". She called security because our large party wanted to sit together. Manager took care of us. Terrible that 1 bad employee can ruin an experience.
Chips and salsa, Yummy! The guacamole is just a plus and the Margarita I got for checking in on yelp is pretty amazing and so is Brian, our server.
We ordered a chai blend creme and white chocolate ice blend mocha. The chai tasted like the water left over from a Starbucks iced coffee. It was tasteless. The barista looked completely unprofessional. They were nice, but the ice blended drinks were not very great.
My friend fedex'd me two pizzas to Seattle.  I was amazed to find they tasted just as good as when they come right out of the oven at the pizza shop!
I had a problem with my drainage pipes, toilets overflowing. I called Freddy at 10pm  texted him my address and he was at my house within 20min.   Freddy was nice, professional, fast, clean, and very reasonable with his price.  I hope you hire him. You will NOT  be disappointed.
One of my all time favorite seafood restaurants in the Valley. The selection is large and always fresh, thanks to the company's fleet of fishing ships and expedited shipping. The atmosphere is what you'd expect from a high-end restaurant, as well. Pricey, but well worth it.
Fantastically flavorful food. Pretty modest interior and great service. We will be back.
Full trash bins, over charged for free drink with sandwich purchase, unfriendly man working today.  \n\nThis is not what I am used to for a QT.
Been here twice. Both times they took the egg from my tray and put it in the other bowl at our table even though the bowls were on separate trays. When you have food allergies, this is a problem. Liked the food, just not confident they can take care of food allergies well.
Average. Not bad Not great.
The Mill is fantastic! Great cozy ambience upstairs with guinness on tap. The food is irish-influnced fare; the cheeseburger wrap was phenomenal. This will be a constant stop for me for the very near future.
I love their pork buns! (the regular ones, not the sesame coated ones) I also had salted pork cookies here, which were delicious!
Service isn't to my liking, although the food is great.
First timer this week - excellent coffee, friendly staff, excellent alternative to chain coffee shops. Location is on State St, a 1/2 block from the capitol; back entrance faces the Concourse Hotel. Will return next time I'm in the nearby.
Food was on the cold side and tasted like it had been reheated... Ordered chicken marsala and got chicken in a bunch of watery sauce. Prob will not visit here again.
What can you say? It's your typical Starbucks. \n\nI opted for the green tea frappuccino no whip. They keep it moving!  Service was fast.
Pool is nice, but not as ridiculous as the pools at the Flamingo, MGM or Mandalay Bay. \n\nChill atmosphere. \n\nYouthful crowd, but maybe not the \"scene\" some people look for.
Update: They have updated their snack bar offerings to include Tuscan meatballs, Potstickers, and a handful of other a-typical movie theater fare - they just keep getting better!
great branding and delicious breakfast.
We ate a few meals here and weren't disappointed. I will say they have the BEST coffee I've had in forever. Being a truck driver that says a lot. Service was great and really no complaints. Looking forward to our next visit.
Ordered a juice & a burrito. Why it took 30 minutes, I have no idea. They weren't even busy. Won't be going back.
I live so close by, why not stop in when i need a few things. Good selection of produce and items are usually on sale without a savings card. I even found Redbull for a smokin' deal! And I must mention that -Louise N is a very sweet cashier!
If your pants are completly incapable of covering your underwear, or you feel like you are a gangster you will love this mall.   If you enjoy the feeling like you might get robbed, or if you feel excitement not knowing if you will come back to your car with the windows and wheels you left it with---definetly the place for you.
Fabulous food and service ... Peter is a wonderful host ....
Incredibly disappointed! It tasted like Box cupcakes except they were dry. Very tasteless. I was extremely disappointed. I purchased red velvet, strawberry, and chocolate. Even the icing is nothing special. Will never go back.
It's a good show...fantastic musicians but still not as good as O.
The food was great, but the service is beyond poor! The cashier was so rude! She threw the rolls in our to go sack with no wrapper of any kind. Just threw them in the sack. We are regular customers but I'm not sure how much longer I can take the poor service.
I love the crepes here. It's comparable to the food in France. The Papa K with an egg is one of my favorites.
Excellent Mexican food. A nice resteraunt with festive but relaxed atmosphere. Manager was very nice and professional. Highly recommended.
My 9 year old daughter had her birthday party here. It was great! Lots of fun and so easy for me (no setup or cleanup!). My daughter loved it and we'll definitely be back.
This is a weird complaint, but I absolutely hate when I can taste dirty tap water in food. Everything I had from this Taco Bell had a lovely City of Mesa aftertaste.
Went to get new tires on van price was right fast and speedy but their customer services sucks. I had to chace some one down to see if my van was ready. They just ignore you. I won't be back.
bone marrow. get the bone marrow.
Service was O.K there was only about 5 people there and it took quite awhile to get our orders and drinks. The tables were extremely sticky and still had food on them. Don't ever go unless you are getting breakfast or a pie because the food is not consistent, sometimes it is burnt and others it is under cooked.
Their signature side is their made from scratch onion rings and the last two times I have visited they were out!  No excuse for this, can you imagine McDonald's running out of French Fries?
If you are in the mood for some good BBQ then this is the place. Just make sure you get there early they get busy quick.
I was really excited for our dinner to Scarpetta with some friends. The service was good, but the food was very underwhelming. I just expected more from Scott Conant. The food wasn't bad, just average and at the prices you're paying to dine here the food better not be average.
Hands (or pants) down, this is the best place to poop! Always plenty of toilet paper stocked and the bathrooms smell so fresh! Joyful, joyful!
Big tuna on wheat. That is all you need to know. Love it!
nice place to hang out and lounge. very expensive drinks. the service is ok, there is maybe 2 waitresses for 15 table so there is a wait. they drinks only taste ok. you can smoke cigars there if you like which is a plus.
They have an above -average assortment of wine and whiskey.  The atmosphere leaves little to be desired.  I would go here if my wife was shopping...it's fine if you're a tourist but there are better wine bars and better places in town for whiskey too!
Best massage ever!  Why didn't this place come up when I searched on Yelp when it is the closest massage salon from my house? I'm glad I decided to go. Clean, quiet, and very private environment. Super highly recommended.
Worst one I've been to. Dolt hostess. Waitress tried but just doesn't have it. Hardly ever around. Kitchen was sooooo slow, even a light night. Wings and sauce average. Selection ok.
Good location for a decent bite to eat before the game. Gets busy, but the food and service is good. Little on the pricy side.
Love this place!!  Great food and atmosphere. Come out!!  A family owned function that deserves the support.
Paid for 100 Diabetic Syringes for my doggy, Only got 40. Great job there -_-
Tried this place today after some co-workers recommended it. The food was amazing, service impeccable, and the store was sparkling clean. I think I have found my new favorite lunch spot!
Native New Yorker seemed like a place that would have awesome pizza.  We had pizza, wings, salad, and some beer.  The best part of the meal was actually the salad.  The pizza tasted fairly plan and very greasy.
Expensive ...it says 2 to 3 person per entree,, but what i ordered was not even close...spent $90 that was only good for 3 people...very disappointed...ill stick with Nanay G..
Horrible... Ordered carne asada tacos got mini tortillas filled with some sort of meat and nothing else. No sauce, no veggies, nothing. Make your own decision, but I would stay away.
Amazing service. A big thank you to Kenny our waiter. He was on top of our orders and our drinks. Next time I am in Surprise Arizona I will definitely stop by again.
Worth the money. Incredible course, designed by Arnold Palmer.
Great location, fun atmosphere, excellent service, hit and miss food quality. The chicken enchiladas were bland, but my daughter loved the spicy chicken tacos. With all the great restaurant options in Vegas, I won't be eating here again.
Request the hamachi kama (not on the menu) so good!!
Why is it when your Order is wrong they Act surprised like this has never happen before. Do yourself a walk in.
Great place except for ask for extra crisply wings and got medium rare. Either cook them or take them off the menu.
I loved this museum! It was so fun and educational. I enjoyed being able to walk through the time eras and get a feel of the lives once lived here. The environment feels so accurate.. and a bit spooky! Definintly a place to visit and I know I will again.
Solid lunch option that gets by more so on its budget friendly price then pizza.  Regardless, still the best slice in the neighborhood for a quick lunch.
will not return because management will not accept certain coupons! and he was very rude! you'll know who he is, hes very big.
Fantastic food, great service! This is the place to be :)
Went there on Sunday and it was pretty dead. The waitresses were too busy talking so the service was pretty bad. The mimosas were mostly orange juice with a ton of pulp, barely any champagne in them. Tacos were pretty good but al a carte. Miss the old menu they used to have at the other location.
Restaurant is closed.
20 mins for tea, the place was not even busy bad service good food!
very overpriced.  $220 for two people no booze.  Food okay.
This is the best in Madison:  great staff, great coffee and tea, great food. A welcome indie alternative to Starbucks and other chains. The owner is a hands-on manager and it shows in all the details.
I ordered iced americano and sat here for longest time and went to check on my drink. My coffee was sitting there half way melted. Do they not call out when the order is ready? SMH.
Good show but seems short, about 1 hour. Feels like i was on a cruise ship except they show tits. Comedian is funny. Was looking for something more sexier.
Don't let American Airlines screw up your vacation. Use some other airline like Jet Blue or Delta. These people don't have a clue how to run an airline. I will not use them ever again.
They have the worst costumer service ever, the manager is so rude. They tell you one thing and lie to you and they charge your credit card extra without informing you . I don't recommend this hotel.
Great addition to spring mountain.  Some of the ice coffee spots are a little disappointing in town, this is one of the better spots.  A little sweet for some people, but I loved it.  \n\nWill def have to try the other deserts, they look fantastic.
The happy hour @ the bar is a lovely experience! The little menu has great pricing (anywhere from $2-$4 I believe) and the bartenders are always witty enough to mix up a drink of your own concoction. The bruschetta & brio burgers are always pretty satisfying.
They will tell you ten minutes. It will take an hour. Then they will get your order wrong.
The food was great and the staff was nice. The only thing is that our food took forever to come. We got there at 7pm and got our food at 8:30p and the restaurant wasn't even crowded.
Solutions Specialties is AMAZING! Super friendly small-town feel, extremely knowledgeable staff, and they are 100% accommodating in working with other pharmacies when I'm on tour. I wouldn't go anywhere else in the greater Las Vegas area!
Food was cold  and mushy fried rice was blah,  soup was good  portions not like other one on cactus. Not something I would go out of my way for.  Beautiful inside though
This place is great!!  Super good deals and very friendly staff.  Had exactly what I wanted but $3 less per stick than I'm used to!  Will be back again soon.
I have eaten her only a couple of time and today I was not too impressed.  I felt rushed and the sandwich was not too tasty.  It was a little bland.  I added some hot peppers after a few bites to give it some taste.
Sitting out by the pool today and it sucked. I had to ask for a server, and then the one we got couldn't answer a single question about the menu. The food was horrible and took 45 minutes. Not pleased at all.
Great food, horrible service.  For the 3rd time in 5 visits my pick up order was 10 minutes late.  No apologies no drink no discount t
Not worth the waiting,\nand they let our girls in first.\nPretentious bastards!
Cupcakes and cake bites are great, though the red velvet needs some work. While not a selling point for me, they have milk on tap to wash the goodies down.
Not too shabby. Well the atmosphere is a bit shabby, but the food is entirely authentic and after years of time spent in Latin America I feel qualified to levy that judgement. Huge portions, so order on the conservative side.
Great brunch, albeit not a huge offering, the prime was excellent, several different kinds of fruit, eggs ben in several different incarnations, hashbrowns reggiano were all notable, in addition to more standard brunch fare.  And when they say spicy bloody mary, be prepared for a lot of tabasco.
A second try.  The place was empty.  The beer selection is weak.  Bud and four peaks.  Nothing special.   It could be great with the patio and the layout.   I wish them better luck.
Following a tire rotation on 12/26, I found two of the wheel lug nuts only hand tight.  One fell out in a parking lot and was luckily found.  Not impressed.
I love SAHARA! Their Sambusek is amazing--it's like a Middle Eastern pasty---I love Cornish, too, obviously ; ) Lunch Specials are incredibly cheap for a large portion. Excellent STRONG Turkish coffee......Get'r'done everyone!
Tiffany and Kim are the BEST. :] I love their attention to detail in making my acrylics perfect. All my nails have the same thickness, length and are painted perfectly. They do not rush here.  They make me feel very comfortable. I love this place.
I had the early dinner special. Good appetizers, underseasoned main, good desserts. Expensive as compared to the quality of the food. Would not come back.
Dutch Bros is a place that I forget I love until someone surprises me with a drink from there. When I lived next door at Cholla, I took advantage of their free drinks when they first opened up. Hadn't been back in awhile, but a friend picked up an Almond Joy the other day and I fell in love all over again.
Love this place!  Great food, awesome vibe. Lots of room and free wi-fi too!  Looking forward to all the great things they are going to be bringing in too! (hint...like a wine bar!)
Deadsville on this night. Maybe on some other nights might be fun but a little too sterile for this part of town. Had a couple of drinks but moved on as nothing happening here. Wound up next store at a bike type bar and had a great time with great music hogs and heifers.
Best pizza in Waunakee, by far.  Not quite on the same level as Roman Candle but for Waunakee it's fantastic.
This place consistently puts out good quality, great tasting Chinese fast food.  It's always fresh, hot and in big portions.  I've been a fan for quite a while and haven't had a bad experience yet.  Highly recommended.
Food was good, but that service wasn't that great.
Ole Ole Ole Ole!!! 6 am pints and footy.  It doesn't get much better than that.\n\nCheers\nUntil then, get the beers in...
Delicious and hip.  I was amazed at the quality of the service - a well-tuned machine that never missed a beat. You cannot go wrong here, but be aware of the $20 specialty drinks.
This a great place for great food. I had the Elk steak with broccoli and potatoes with a glass of red wine.  The elk was awesome!!!  A definite must the next time you are there.
interesting
I've been here a few times and the place is great! Huge portions, reasonably priced and tastes very authentic! I will definitely be coming back.
This place is AMAZING. Whether you do the lunch buffet or order by plate, you'll love what you get. No matter what though, you must try the mango with sticky rice. It's perfect!
This place was alright, just not what I was hoping for. The curry was a little too soupy for my liking. The customer service was great, we had a really nice waitress but unfortunately I don't think that would be enough for me to want to go back.
Good noodles.  Average to poor sushi.  Sushi was mostly rice, small and not too much flavor.
Delish! I really liked this Chelsea's we ate on the patio and it was beautiful. The food was really good I had the fillet tacos and they were perfect! The key lime pie was the best I've ever had and the service was great!
They just shoved us on to a tiny table in the corner.  Half the restaurant is open but they refuse to move us.  We are too tired to leave so we deal with it.
Always good food and service. I had Muedo and taste like mother in laws my sister has Chili Verde a taste wonderful.
Just left Sam's as a new rider...he took time to fit me in a helmet that fit perfectly and when he found out I was in the service offered me a discount for serving our country.  Thanks Sam and thanks for the appreciation!  I would send family here...
Not like it used to be. Maybe the psychological effects of being in the mall made it better when I was younger. Either that or the quality just isn't the same...like most things. I need a nap now.
Great location, awesome atmosphere, outstanding customer service and delicious sushi!  Happy hour prices are awesome!  The monkey brains, jalepeno poppers and fish ball is a must try!  We will return!
Simply the best upscale-ish Japanese dining in LV. I'm always excited to have the Omekase here. \nI would even go as far as saying that Raku beats Donguri, one of my fave upscale-ish Japanese restaurants on Manhattan's Upper East Side.
This place has a lot of potential, but it seems with every visit it brings up major issues. I'm giving the first star for comfortable layout. Second star is for good music not being overly loud, so great place to kick it and have a conversation. \nCons: Incredibly slow service and rude employees!
They really go out of their way to keep customers happy!
Worst service of my life on my husband's birthday.This place truly sucks. I asked if they did anything for birthdays and said no not really. Which means \"I'm lazy and won't do anything\" worthless place and worthless service
I was very disappointed in the dish I ordered.  I had the chicken lo mein and there was no flavor.   The meal tasted like soggy noodles.  The crab Rangoon appetizer was good but I won't go back.
Not a bad burger joint. Limited menu and the food was pretty good. Nothing spectacular but the service was very good! Fries were pretty salty, though.
Fun atmosphere to watch soccer games at. The food was whatever.
Delicious food!! Need I say more?  The staff are professional and friendly.  The portions are very large for the price point - go in hungry and you will still come out with leftovers.  Definitely a gem in the rough!  I would recommend it to friends, as well as come back next time I am in Vegas!!
aWe felt the food was good but service was entirely too slow. We wouldn't go back
Just went for sushi. Superman roll was good. Overall I would prefer Pisces or Ru Sans, but this place was nearby and it did the job. Service was also good although it wasn't busy at the time.
Love this place. Always something new. Changing all the time. Very user friendly. Also lots of fun shopping. Good food every where. Live intertainment. Even the security was helpfully.
Well worth the drive.  This off the strip hotel is truly for locals but always welcomes out of towners.  Give this buffet a try, you wont be disappointed. Excellent service and a variety of food - good to satisfy anyones palate.
Slow as fudgesicles.
I made the mistake of going here on a whim. Awful, shitty bland Mexican food. A waste of money and my butthole was angry with me.
I absolutely love Chelsea's Kitchen. I have never had a bad experience and their patio is awesome. The only downside to the patio is that the tables are built in place so it is hard to have a large party on the back patio.
They quoted a 20 minute maximum wait for a shuttle.  It's been 45 with no shuttle in sight.  This is ridiculous.  It's over 100 degrees and I'm lying on the sidewalk about to pass out.  Never - Ever - Use Showtime.
Great front desk staff. Takes pets for an additional fee of $20. Absolutely horrible room freshened smell. It was so overpowering & we had to air out all our luggage.
Very good food. Their custard is so creamy and they have so many options for flavors and toppings. The employees are less than enthusiastic and the drive thru takes forever!
Wow! Some of the best barbecue in the state!! The pulled pork and the BBQ Baked Beans are a must try!!!
I have used the Lakes Cleaners a few times now and have had nothing, but good experiences.  They have quick turn around with laundry in by 9 out by 2 and have drive up service.  No problems thus far.  I would definitely recommend them.
Standard chain bagel shop. They make several variations of good coffee. They have breakfast bagel options (some with eggs, steak, smoked salmon or veggies) which are not the greatest. If you order a dozen bucket of bagels to go (with two cream cheeses), you can get them pre-sliced, which is nice.
Great job always keeping us happy...WAY BETTER than Pizza Hut...always improving...thank you for your service!
Is a dream, and all person must see in One time in This life
Wonderful wood fire crust and great 'guenuine' sausage slice from Guido's of Chicago (in Scottsdale)....that crust with the wood fire flavor...wow!!!
Good size store across from the Nike outlet on the corner.  Good selection of shoes for me and women.  Also sells clothes and accessories (hats, belts, backpacks, socks, etc.).   Nice large bench square for trying on shoes.  Pleasant and helpful staff.
This is my least favorite Vegas nightclub. It's too crowded to the point where I felt like a piece of cattle going from point A to point B. I do not enjoy being in close contact with strangers. I can feel their sweat on me. Gross. So many stairs too. I've been here twice and both unpleasant experiences.
The worst pizza I have had in a long time.  Service sucked even more than the pizza.  Please please look somewhere else.  For what we payed for 4 slices we could have had a entire pizza.
crushes lvic in every way!!
Delicious food and great service!  We went here for a dinner with a group of 6 girls and the waiter was always checking in with us and we never had an empty glass.
The food is good, if your going to use take out order in advance and ask for more meat, they can be a little light.
This is a beautiful park with a great playground for younger kids! There is a lot of seating and areas available for bbq
Don't eat here unless you are about to die of starvation...even then you will likely be worse off. I would chose no stars if it was an option. The food is inedible.
For $5 a pie, how bad can it be?  Great for the price, although I think it's not as good as Domino's or Papa John's.  I used to order mass amounts from this place for Student Dorm Council meetings at CMU.
OMFG, one of the best steak and eggs I have so far. The best part about their steak and eggs is that it's 24 hours! You don't have to wait until midnight.
One of my favorite places in Henderson! My husband and I have been here quite a few times and have never been dissappointed. The dining room is small so I wouldn't recommend going with a large group without a reservation. They also offer great discounts on Monday's!
Went for dinner this evening.  The sushi was average at best, with no standouts and very inconsistent cuts and sizing.  \nThe service was adequate.\nI would not waste the gas to drive there for a free meal.
I have been to this place on several occasions. I am a firm believer in giving every place the benefit of the doubt. \n\nConsistent in 2 areas: Terrible service and cold food.\n\nYou pay a lot of money for mainstream food!
Stopped here for a late night bite. The chicken fingers were decent. Had a breakfast plate that was kinda bland. Decent service and atmosphere though.
The food was delicious, but the service was incredibly slow.. Don't go here if you are on a tight schedule.
This airport, unlike any other, is all about getting zero sleep before you zombie walk in to the place, to your gate, and on to your plane. Being fully rested makes the security buzzer go off and is highly not recommended.
Fun place to go with lots of machines.  Most of the money goes to charity so that alone deserves two thumbs up.  Safe Cracker and Pac Man are my favorite.
The staff are terrible...they are rude and they are not helpful at all!!!! I will never shop here ever again!!!
Love this place, so glad to have a veg friendly cafe for when I'm in town visiting fam! Love the POM milk in my coffee...and the rest of the menu,well, I pretty much wanna eat it all! :)\n\nAlso, very friendly staff which is always a huge plus.
This place used to be really great prior to their expansion.  They are just ok.  The foods never persistent.  Different cooks, several locations = Avg quality.
No more access to United Club with AMEX Platinum. I hate the fact United has taken over Continental.
3 stars for the free cover and awesome balcony, which was great for dancing and camera-whoring. No stars for the crowd which was ehhh. My friends and I were thinking about going back to Tao the whole time we were there :P
Bally's is a solid hotel and casino. No theme or bells and whistles (except on the slots) but it has decent rooms and a great location adjacent and connected to the Paris. Their rates are affordable so it it a great value.
Horrible service, horrible management., food mediocre...and watch out for their site specific rule of only 3 alcoholic beverages.  This is the only Texas Roadhouse with this rule...doesn't matter the size or strength of the drink..you only get three so drink slowly! Won't be back...
Great place for craft cocktails! There are many great drinks on the menu but it's really fun to have the bartenders just come up with something delicious based upon a few keywords! Must try!
This place sucks!! Staff was rude. Rooms look like army barracks. We came for the ambiance and hospitality but were greeted with terrible service and poor attitudes!!\n\nWould not recommend!
awesome tacos, and awesome service! stoked on this place!
there food is aalways fresh i have been comming here since i can remember they have  just gotten new managers and everything seems awesome the price range is awesome thier redoing the inside great thieft protection the best food better than pei wei
They much have send out for my food. It takeing for ever to get it. If I was in Hells kitchen I might've walked out by now! The food has to be better I just hope. It looks more like a sports bar in the Mexican restaurant no Mexican music nothing makes you feel like you're in Mexico.
The hotel was ok with pleasant staff.  Just stayed one night as we had an early flight.  Our room was average overall and was clean.  I would recommend the North location as it is closer to the airport if you are taking a flight.
Showed up here on a beautiful Saturday morning... after a night of drinking. Bloody Marys were tasty. And breakfast was HEARTY. Olive bread was friggin' amazing. I left here so stuffed. And a bit tipsy.
Besides the racist joke about all single mothers are black, my nipple piercing went fairly quickly. They hurt like hell but I like it.
terrible - I can't even describe how bad their pizza was - the bad taste of the cheese, the horrible crust, the sauce.  All of my kids hated it - we call it \"true crap pizza\" every time we pass it now on the way to the movie theater.
Its a great little gem, The view makes this place though. The food was great, not spectacular. The wine list was not short. In fact I was quite impressed. Always listen for the specials. I have not had a bad one yet.
I like this place. Although it gets really busy around noon. My favorite dish is gapraogui. I love how the kitchen is visable, while you are dining, and you dont smell like the kitchen when you leave. I mostly go for the food, its not a place I would hang out there with people and drink.
An excellent place for any occasion. Besides the great entrees, grilled artichoke was awesome. Angelo was on top of his game with excellent service and recommendations.
Folks here are extremely nice, helpful, and sensitive to dietary needs. My wife just recently found out she has celiac and gluten free is quite the adjustment to our life. The lady was very helpful with information.
We were excited to try this restaurant and purchased a Groupon for $30. As we approached the restaurant there was a large sign on the door stating that they do not accept Groupon vouchers. How can they not accept them after we already purchased them? We will not return.
Not an expert on Indian food, my daughter took me, and much to my surprise, I LOVED IT!!! A+
They don't honor their online appointments. Showed up at appointment time to be told that they don't honor the online appointment and we could go with a 2 hour wait. Instead went to chandler regional where they do honor their online checkins. Not happy since this delayed treatment.
I love this place! Only down side is so do a lot of other people so there always seems to be a wait.
Super fun. Lots of good truck choices. Not too fond of the location or the seating options. Pretty small area for the amount of people that come out. Love the queso truck a aioli burger was packed (their burgers are so good). It's fun for a last min dinner decision.
First time dealing with this company and I am very please...  Sergio had great customer service. Will be back.
I would not tell anyone to go to grape street,at 4:30 ,it is full of loud drunks including the owner who. Could care less about customer service !!!food is not good either!!!Would have gave zero but we have to push one.
The staff is gracious and patient with beginners.  Shooting a machine gun and an assault rifle wasn't something I planned to do in Vegas, but it was probably more enjoyable than getting a body piercing or a tattoo.
This place had a great atmosphere for lunch, great people watching (Scottsdale women!) and great service. Food is a hit or miss . Some days I have a great experience and others I feel like the food is lacking in flavor and they are charging too much. It is not a cheap lunch but when it is good it is worth it .
Outstanding. Service, decor and food all top notch. Filet minion is on par with any premium steak house in Montreal.
Great selections and.food was great. Servers and all the staffs were friendly and always smiling. Great place to eat lunch.
\u898b\u9762\u4e0d\u5982\u805e\u540d\uff01it was ok, like other Chinese restaurants in the U.S. Price was good, but I really was focus on the food. Sorry for the one star.
Great pizza and great wings. Very cheap and the taste is awesome.
We always!! get a great meal and great service! Totally about customer service.
Fav place in Charlotte--and that sweet potato ravioli... no joke changed my life. \n\nBest flavor for your buck in the city by far!
A fan of the ambience and fact you don't ever have to wait for a table. Lots of vegetarian options. And love the chocolate lava cake. Inside Palms Hotel.
Wasn't impressed. It is very pricy for mediocre quality. Don't recommend the prix fix family style. The portions are very small
Somebody told us this place was the best in Charlotte. Somebody lied. The tofu rolls were pretty decent but the main dishes we tried, including the vermicelli and pho, were not what we were used to and just weren't very good. Service was quick though, so that's a plus.
Tammy Harper is the BEST! She grooms our 3 Shelties to perfection and always remembers baseball accessories. ;) Her staff is so sweet too. Our pups love their spa day!
They seriously had the nerve to send me a friends request after what I wrote, how sick are you people?  You should worry about your poor service and crazy charges.  You should be sued over and over again.
Kind of pricey for the food. Definitely paying for the decor
If you get Dennis as your waiter, you're in for a treat!\n\nA group of four had lunch here and a great time!\n\nWe liked the cheese appetizer, good selection and fresh!\n\nThe French Dip was magnifique!
Great burgers.  You can have it any way you like.  The fries are excellent as well, just be aware that you get a lot of them.  I mean a sack full, so order the small size.
This is hands down the best Mexican restaurant I have eaten at in Arizona.  After our dining experience here I will only eat here. Their service,the atmosphere, and the food was wonderful.
I loved the romantic story line of this show. The fact that the stage moves and twirls is an added bonus to all the actions that the show is filled with. Classic story of love and lost with a twist. Th fight scenes are thrilling to watch, especially when the stage goes vertical. The forest scene was my favorite.
We sat down and waited for five minutes only to be completely ignored. Only one other table was seated so they weren't busy. We finally walked out. We won't be back. If I could give it half a star I would.
Really? Not very coupon friendly. Moved to cvs.
Nothing special. Probably 4 stars if you're drunk late at night. Funny how that improves just about any restaurant. If you're a tourist looking to try a classic Quebec poutine you should look elsewhere for the magical experience.
Went by early Thursday..5/19....All I saw was a sign posted that the market has been postponed pending better location...
Service is slow when there's few people and being near the bus stop, they need to step it up for those in a hurry!
The meat was ok but there is not a big selection for the price.  $20 for lunch and $30 for dinner with about 8 items for lunch and 13 for dinner. My friends and me ended up getting sick the next day so, I will not go back to this place again.
Your clever double entendre of a name won't win me over \"daily grind,\" if that is your real name. Honestly, there are so many excellent coffee and tea shops in the valley that it would be a waste to settle for this.
I don't come here often, but when I do, I remember just how great a hotel this place is! It's absolutely great to just walk around and admire the interior design and gamble a bit!
Disgusting food. Good service.  I have tried Z'Tejas twice and will never try it again.
I love the baked ziti. The breadsticks cannot be beat. When I get my craving for simple pasta, this is my go to place. However, I have ordered meatballs to go as a side...And have never received them.
Liked the Caprese salad and the Cajun chicken. Cool place to chill.
In vegas, every restaurant is pretty good... but N9NE does it better with little things... things like the best atmostphere, a simple menu where they focus on things they can do well, smores, one of the best and freshest seafood platters I've ever had, etc. etc.
Really people it's in n out burger do I really have to say anymore except. Fresh and yummy.
Me and my wife ate here a few weeks ago,the food was amazing...the people were so friendly. You will love the serves, and the atmosphere.
HORRIBLE  first there hours are not what they say at all!!!!!!!!! \n\nPlace looks beat up! My philly was the driest thing on the planet in no way was I happy I took two bites and threw it away will NEVER eat there again
The service at this establishment is really, really poor. I was embarrassed to be with my friends, many of whom are new to Montreal and to have them treated so poorly. The food is moderately good, although I do not think that it is worth the long waiting times in line, the price.
Worst service ever! brought the burger no fries...didn't care. Sent back the entire meal and no manager. waiter didnt even offer to bring me a new meal. Will go to McDonalds or In n Out next time.
These guys are assholes, pieces of shit must of thought it'd be funny to give us insanely spicy sauce when we asked for mild. I love spicy food, but this is just crap. Neither of us can eat this. Karma is a bitch.
Took forever to get our basic ice cream order. Was at the window waiting for 10 minutes. Charged me $1 to sprinkle ten cents of candy in it. Then they were tiny and she forgot the bottled water!
Boring big box stores that you can find everywhere else, yet again.  Yawn.  \n\nThumbs up for:\n\n* Dave and Buster's\n* a handful of unique restaurants and independent stores\n* interesting layout of \"The District\"
Terrible place. Pretentious and snooty with nothing to back it up. Both times I went were more annoying than the last. I will not go back again ever. I'd rather eat a jar of relish instead.
Best buffet for the $ in Vegas!\n\nGreat selection of food from various regions of the world. Great service, and never too long of a wait. \n\nOnly suggestion might be to change up the offerings more often.
I've been here a few times and I dont think I will be going back. This place is a complete tourist trap. The light show is boring, the music is old. The hotels on freemont street have seen better days. I say see it once and never go back. I am done with this place.
Stumbled upon Nimbus a few weeks ago and left impressed. Great selection of their own beer and others. Really great atmosphere with a fantastic looking outside patio. You can even bring your dog and sit there during day! The food has been top notch although I've only tried a couple things so far. A great addition to mid Scottsdale.
Sooo this place has a wide variety of food and great cooks.  BUT some of the waitresses are not sanitary when handling the food.  I went in for breakfast and at least 3 waitresses touched the customer's bread without gloves and none of them washed their hands.
Love that they are 24 hours and I dont have to go anywhere after my work out to grab a smoothie
Didn't. Even. Serve. Us.\n\nWe walked in hungry and they didn't even bother to help us. They looked at us and walked away. Annnnd their open sign was on. Definitely wrong advertisement I guess. Oh well. Lost a party of like 10.
Pretty average BK. It shares a dining room with Popeyes so you'll have decent variety in the building.  The trash cans are always turned facing the walls for some reason, and the fountain drink machines don't always function, but overall it's not much different than any other BK.
We have tried twice to eat here, and twice it has been closed. Yet every time I drive by it, the parking lot is packed. What restaurant doesn't serve dinner on Saturdays?
It's a cold night in the west Phoenix Valley and A hot bowl of soup sounded perfect. Quaint little spot on the south side of a Target. Yummy for my tummy
Nothing stood out, including the famous burnt almond torte.
We traveled from southern Cal to Scottsdale, and the warm weather made us want to get some gelato!  The employees were really nice and let us try many samples.  Our favorites were lemon and mango flavors!  a nice stop before heading off to Sedona!
Loved the family atmosphere and home cooked food.  The owners moved from NY to Las Vegas years ago and brought their yummy Italian recipes with them.  The lasagna, pizza, and pre-packaged tiramisu were great.  Only a short drive from the strip and well worth the cheaper home cooked food.
Forequarter is definitely among the best restaurants in Madison. Everything was perfect the night we were in. We will be going back often.
The Gilbert House has one of the best homemade breakfasts anywhere. Every time we've come here, the food and service has been excellent. They have the best pancakes anywhere!:)
It's 9 pm and all the workers are pretending like they're closed....doors are locked. Lame!
Alan was unprofessional, uncooperative and downright mean.  Not sure what's up but I would avoid him at all costs.
TOURIST TRAP! beware.. I only ended up here cause it was pretty late and it was the only place in this area that was open and looked semi decent. Prices are high and the food is just ok.
Great facility but the rink needs more organization for it's events and teams.
I highly recommend Amelia C & Co for hair and makeup. Tyler is amazing and I couldn't have been happier! I loved the whole process from talking with Rob (chief dude) to meeting with Tyler and all the effort they put into my big day. Thank you for everything!
Went here for my friends bachelor party.....yum yum.  Nothing better than sizzling steak that melts in yo mouf and an ice cold beer or a glass of wine.  The service here is awesome.  A perfect dinner before hitting up the casinos for a long night of partying.
Have been here twice now and love it! I've had the Seafood Clay Pot twice - delicious. Friendly service to boot.
One of the first sub shops I visited since moving to Charlotte. Food was great, and the prices were decent, actually got a free cookie. That was CLUTCH lol.
Ordered pork tacos, cost around $12. Cold, tasted like Taco Bell, not good quality food. I think they pre-make the food, the tacos were wrapped in foil. I didn't eat it.
Excellent service! The two guys that cleaned my carpet were incredibly friendly and professional. They did an outstanding job. I will definitely be using this company in the future. My carpet looks brand new.
Outstanding experience from the perfectly cooked and seasoned steak down to the swivel chairs. Enjoyed everything about my experience here. The staff was outstanding, the food was delicious and the ambiance exceptional. Well worth the price
I loved eating here, the place was clean and the service was excellent. Keep it up
needed an alignment.  Was in and out faster than promised, and no upsell!  Gotta love that.
My last FIVE flights leaving Las Vegas with Southwest have been delayed. Many of my returning flights have also been delayed. If that isn't a good reason to take away a star, I don't know what is.
These guys are the best! Very professional and dedicated trainers.  Highly recommend!
Very cool little diner.  Super friendly staff.  Good diner food, but not the best I've ever had.  If you like it deep fried though, this is your spot.\n\nThey get extra points for the homemade potato chips.  The fresh cut fries were also yummy.
T and D sandy...Turkey is from grocery store but stuffing is the bomb. Try it once. Spinach salad huge and tasty:)
Horrible customer service. I went to the counter and waited 5 mins. The cook or cashier saw me standing there and never acknowledge me. He could have said \"I'll be right with you\" but said nothing.  I continued to stand there and was never helped. I just left. Seriously needs better staff. Unacceptable
Go for the noodle bar from 6pm - 2am nightly.  Otherwise, you will spend upwards of $20.00 for staple diner dishes.  Good service, cool \"HRH\" atmosphere but overpriced absent the noodle bar.
Me and my family ordered food for delivery from here this past weekend. And it was horrible. The teriyaki chicken was fatty and grisly. The chicken in the chicken chow mien was rubbery from I guess being boiled and was bland. The egg rolls were not impressive at all. Will not be going back.
Probably the worst airport in terms of signage in the US. The arrivals screen doesn't state the baggage claim area. Once you exit the airport there are no signs to find a taxi. Who designed this airport??
It's good, but the topping selection, decoration, and service is better at Tutti Frutti a half block up the street.  I'd go there instead any day.
I wasn't that impressed with the pizza.  I didn't like it at all. Maybe it was a bad night which is why I may try it again.
A very good fast food chicken fingers joint.  Their very good chicken fingers are moist, not dry.  Good dipping sauce.  Their fries and bread are average to above average.  I don't prefer cole slaw, so I don't rate that part of their combo.  A must try restaurant.
Lovely...swimming in the pool with that amazing view alone is worth the trip.   Maybe you'll be as lucky as I was and a hummingbird will fly next to you to have a drink from the pool... Heaven, no: Paradise Valley!
My boyfriend and I eat here ALL the time. We've ordered several items off the breakfast menu and probably over half of the sandwiches. Everything is always really tasty. The service is always super fast and they're really friendly. Good place for a quick breakfast (before 11am) and AMAZING place for sandwiches.
Looks like I finally found my new haircut spot since moving from LA.\n\n\nCool spot, clean, friendly staff, didn't try and up-sale me on product, and gave a great haircut\n\nat a GOOD PRICE\n\ncouldn't be happier
Every time we visit Arizona we always go to Tom's. There Italian Beef is fantastic with peppers and grilled onions, makes my mouth water just thinking about it. We also had there Vienna hotdogs there great as well.
Great food and great outdoor/indoor patio. Food is consistently good everything from the fish tacos to the ribs. I was a little skeptical to pay $22 for the ribs for lunch one day but they are some of the best.
The pizza was good but their lasagna should be changed to vegetables with cheese on top.
This was a fantastic hotel..the rooms were very nicely updated and modern.  The Pools were most definitely the most awe inspiring and what  a large layout of property!  I'd recommend this hotel anyone, bus. traveller or family alike.
Go to Chevron across the street! This gas station sucks. I went to 2 pumps and both didn't work. I finally got the next one to work but of course the printer didn't work to give me a receipt ughhh!!! So annoying especially when you're in a hurry!
Went here for breakfast on our way home from Vegas.\n\nIt was okay and a hot meal and hot coffee for our long drive. Customer service was good. People behind us complained about their food being cold, but I think they may have just been snippy. The service at the counter was responsive.
This hidden little gem is the bomb-dot-com!!!  Thank you tropical smoothie drive thru and a big special thanks to all you haters for cracking me up with your pathetic reviews.  Ashley and Carolina...you ROCK ladies!  Until we meet again...
Service was really poor and the food was uneventful. Fries are overly greasy, and my soup tasted like salsa heated up with chicken added.
The service was just awful, I sat for like 30 mins at the bar that wasn't even busy at the time. What pisses me off the most was that I had to approach one of the servers and let them know what's up. 07-22-14
coming to a concert was the reason we came here. I usually never even walk to this end of the strip. I will from now on. It was nice inside a good enough crown and the event center was nice and clean.
This place was great - good food, drinks (caipirinha) , happy-hour, and location.\n\nTried to go there the other night.  Why, oh why, did it close???
Blah!!!!  Strange menu!  I have tried this place 4 times now.  Each time I am disappionted so, today was the last try.  Food has no flavor.  They are doing nothing interesting here and the service is lame.
One of my favorite cheesy downtown Vegas hotels... \n\nNothing fancy. But i like it alot. NICE friendly employees and a bomb Hawaiian restaurant upstairs. Keeping it real here. lots of locals
The new crispy chicken sandwiches are the \" bomb \" and only a buck
Great beer selection - food was better than I remembered
Nice local place with some interesting rolls you won't get at other places! My favorite was the tiger roll. We also liked their gyoza and tofu appetizer. Great service.. We plan on coming back!
Just had the butternut squash soup yesterday for lunch and it was delicious, not at all too sweet.  If you end up going to Club Sandwich, be sure to ask about the daily specials before you decide on something from the normal menu.  The specials are surprisingly current and interesting dishes, which isn't something I would expect to find in Sharpsburg.
Fantastic!!!  Great service and the food is 100% amazing!!!\n$14 sandwich is enough for 2 people.  An absolute treat.
Went there for a late coffee and sundae with a friend. Although there was only 1 waitress for the entire late night shift, we felt attended to throughout the meal. Also, keeping in mind it was IHOP, the filter coffee and sundae were great!
They raise their prices  a lot at a time, you can get better buy's on vitamins else where.
Kinda gross that the cook had his hair loose. Also, the nachos weren't all that flavorful. Def not worth $8.
Service was good. Had the BBQ bacon burger. It was very good. Meat was very fresh and burger made from scratch. I would go back.
A friend recommended we go here for desert and we're glad we tried it.  It was different.  A nice change from ice cream.  The employees were helpful in choosing a selection.  It could have been cleaner.
Just the worse place! Sorry guys but this place does not serve brazillian food! The steaks tastes like left over meal. Staff is ver friendly, but the food quality is just bad. Aqui nao serve comida brasileira! Guarde o seu dinheiro!
25 minutes and still waiting to order Sat. Nov. 22nd\n\nIf you like waiting in line this is the place. I feel sorry for the two individuals working.  Perhaps the owner needs to come in and help out
Great Atmosphere... But thats it. Don't want to go back
Pretty good bar and grill. Kind of smelled funny. Lots of local beer on tap but not all beers were great.
silly and stupid, but fun!!
Very good food. I liked the curry but I think the masala is better. I would def get a side of naan and veggie samosa. The two guys working were very friendly.
The bison burger is is absolutely delicious and the black and white shake is just short of addicting howeverthe bill will reach deep into your pocket book so it is definitely not an every day sorry of place
Best salad ever. Every thing tasted really good.
Show is for adults only. Really funny and raunchy. Every seat in the house is good unless you're short and sitting behind a tall person. Definitely a must see while you're in Vegas!
Over priced and bad service. Last time I ate there with my family it took over an hour to get our food and 20 minutes to get our drinks.
This restaurant is not Made in Italy anymore I believe it is under new ownership and has been taken over by a place called Pizzalicious. Pizza is ok there.
Great hole in the wall, good old school music and great value! $6 for sweet crepes and $7 for savory. \n\nI ordered the rancher and soy iced latte. Loved them both!
The portion sizes are pretty ridiculous.  I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and it was decent tasting.  But the burgers i seen others eating looked great so i was remorseful with burger envy.  I will return some day when i'm starving to see if I could possibly eat a whole burger here.
Had my good delivered... Great fast service and the food is delicious ...
Veggie burger isn't all that. I've had much better at The Lodge and Zinburger. \nSweet potato fries are lackluster.
Pretty typical of a McDonald's but the sign outside drew me in like a moth to a flame.
I highly recommend the beef bowl entree and iced almond milk tea if it's your first visit and don't want to get something you're unsure of. The brick toast is also something yummy to try out.
Easy in and out here. Your greeted with slot machines as soon as you get off and on. The got restraunts scattered so look for them. They got burger kind and subway i know. Nice place.
Huge pitas, huge salads and everything is FRESH.  I love it!!  I just wish they could toast the pita shells for u,  that would make it even better! One of the best fast-food places to eat  in downtown Pgh.
Want to hire someone who bails out on you last minute about a week before your wedding ? Please go ahead and hire this business. I am surprised she has such high ratings.
The circus circus is a very kid friendly hotel with with the adventure dome and midway arcade. The arcade and adventure dome is very enjoyable as fir the rooms they were decent not the greates but ok. The casino is very smokey and dirty.
The floors aren't sticky, so that's a plus. The kids behind the counter, both at the ticket booth and the conversion stand, could work a bit faster, but, for the most part, work hard. And despite the fact that I have a loyalty cup, they always try and charge me for water.
Clean but outdated rooms. Lots of airport noise and no vending machines with snacks. I would not repeat another stay here. Too many other reasonably priced options.
Not bad, but good either. And at $9 per sandwich there are much better places to go. Service is spotty as well. Nice folks, but they have some work to do.
I ordered a #5 \"The Vito\". I was impressed by the quick service however the sandwich was mediocre. The bread was kind of dry and was ripped so it fell apart a little as I was eating it. Not bad, but nothing I need to go back for anytime soon.
Excellent service. Noodles were perfect however the flavor was nonexistent. Very nice staff and decent prices considering the location.  I don't think I would come back again but I am glad that I tried it.
over-rated... overpriced. food was just ok.
Pam, Natalie and Jimmy do excellent work!!!!! And it lasts  a long time. They do amazing gels. If you go to Wendy, expect your nails to be chipped within a day.
Decent hotel, free parking is nice. However, in this day and age it has become ridiculous to charge for internet access, regardless of industry standards. Do you charge for TV?
4am.... drunk..... need food......it's cold outside = PHO!!!!\n\nGranted I was wasted, but I really enjoyed my pho. That's all  i remember. :)
The breakfast tacos are decent, but I'd recommend sticking to those for breakfast. The chilaquiles were pretty disappointing.
My boyfriend enjoys brewing his own beer and the guys here are wonderful. They always have the supplies and if they don't they can recommend places to get them! Everyone is always very nice and knowledgeable!
Super fun!  Great people watching!  Very nice and attentive staff.  Drinks were good, looked like the food was too!    Like I mentioned AMAZING people watching here.  \n\nIt's definitely an adult pool, no kids at all.
Chantel was awesome with making sure that she was friendly and attentive.  When she brought my daughter her drink she had drawn a cute little owl. This is why I gave three four starts instead of just three.  Anyway we got 10 hot wings and 10 garlic parm.  The garlic parm for me where just ok but hubby liked them.
Unlike Jean George Steakhouse, Sirio was a great dining experience.   Beautiful table and excellent service paired with interesting menu made for a great night with friends.\n\nThanks!!
They always seem to have a peanut butter variety in stock, which is a total win in my book. Plus they have the best sampling policy in the city...and you can wander around Pottery Barn while you eat.
One of the worst buffets I have ever been to after eating one plate I had my fill of dissatisfaction. I would never revisit this restaurant if you would even call it that. Food was almost indelible.
Yummy beer selection. Try the hibiscus! Very friendly bartender, plenty of seating, nice crowd. If you sit at the bar you can watch food be made, mildly entertaining.
The bar food is good for what it is, bar food. I love the afternoon and late night specials.  Unfortunately the service if often suspect, that's been consensus at the various location around the city that I've frequented.
YUM! I love me some good Fro-Yo! They also have shaved iced here and boba tea.
The service here is always a hit or complete miss. Came to have lunch with my mom, and our server Brittany was slow and forgot drinks and never smiled. She honestly looked annoyed the whole time when helping both tables she had. I'd much prefer to go to the Nellis location than this one.
Love our family YMCA, the new teen center is also very cool since they have Pac Man, the original. Yes, I move kids out of the way to play LOL
Not bad at all.... And im usually picky when it comes to my Ramen. I would definetly come back to this place
Wack... Luckily I got 10% off for checking in... Rice was hard, Carne Asada tacos tasted kind of old
Just tried the famous Kitchen Burger, was very disappointed. The bun fell apart, the burger was burnt, one waitress at lunch time. Took forever and was not worth waiting for. Won't be back...
Nicht wirklich etwas Besonderes, aber sehr nett, zentral gelegen und in Ettlingen ein gern genommener Anlaufpunkt.
Hyped. Chicken pita is chicken kebabs inside a pita. That just makes it not a pita wrap. \nGoat cheese is excellent with salad. \n\nFood not very inspiring. Cost effective not pricy.
Business is closed.  Reopened under another name but currently \"closed for summer\".  Hope it reopens.
Fabulous food and service!!! I love the banana waffle, chorizo omelette, biscuits and gray (only served on the weekend), and my favorite pancakes are the orange cranberry! yummy!!
The atmosphere is cool. The people are pleasant. We ordered the Tavern Salad and some ribs. The Tavern Salad, I have to admit is awesome, but the ribs were too tough. I have had way better ribs in my lifetime. I will stay away from the ribs and will frequent this joint when I have a taste for a quick salad.
Just had the worst experience at this place the staff is rude there was 20 open tables 4 party sitting horrible service do not go...
Pratik (Rick) has now moved to Eyebrows R Us.  He is my eyebrow god!
Very disappointed in our experience today. The food was awful and the service was very unwelcoming. The sauce was thick and tasted canned. And the bread we were given was hard as a rock. We will not be returning that's for sure. I think this \"legendary\" vegas spot's ship has long since sailed.
You speak Italian to me and provide mouth watering, soul lifting coconut gelato with micro-chips of chocolate in them?!  I only wish you weren't 30 miles away...but I would walk in 116 degree heat to get there - for real!
Make sure you have Josh do a walk through and acknowledge any hard water spots, as they charge extra for this.
Great concept. Fun place for kids of all ages to top their own cupcakes like a froyo place.\nWith bigger, better tasting cupcakes, I think they'd do better business.
The top level really is supreme.
Really interesting menu.  I liked the gournet grilled cheese.  The flavors were wonderful.  The salad was colorful and unique.  Highly recommend.
I used to frequent and love this place ! But you took away the menu with pics and customers are confused and now the line to order is long because customers have to ask do many questions! Add pics to the menu board you dummies.
We've bought from this place a few times, and will NEVER do so again. There has been an issue every single time. Terrible follow up and nothing but issues with delivery, pick up, etc. So incredibly frustrating. I would give zero stars if possible.
The view from this cafe is pretty nice, right outside the windows is the Wynn pool. \n\nI ordered the chicken and waffles, it was okay. The Cole slaw was pretty good. \n\nThe customer service was okay. Our waiter was a little annoyed that we were requesting for several of things.
Chicken fingers were good. The ribeye was good. Nice portions. Clean bathroom. Attentive staff. Not extra smoky. Open 24 hours. Small yet varied menu. Will probably be on our late night munchies list.
Broccoli beef... the sauce was more like a gravy and the service was not very attentive.
I'm not originally from the Charlotte area so I've been looking for a nice, laid back reggae spot. This place here is as ratchet as all get up. I mean it was okay, but not what I was looking for. They played some reggae, but definitely not my kind of crowd.
Fun patio.
Was here before and the service was terrible. Stopped in tonight for a beer and a water and OMG, the h2o tasted like it could have come from Tempe town lake. NEver understand why bars can't spend $100 on a water filter.... Clean water makes a big difference!
Decent place overall.  The service was friendly and quick, and the atmosphere was nice.  The place was clean and well kept.  The food was the weakest link.  The quesadilla was decent, but had no cheese on or in it.  The rice was decent also although the portion was small.  The restroom was clean.
Overpriced sandwiches!!\nWhere's the MEAT!\nOrdered a mediterranean chicken flatbread sandwich. I couldn't even find the chicken there was so much cabbage in it.
It's always good and well priced.
WIld wings are good, great  atmosphere for afterhour hang out. Good selection of beer and great wings as well.
always a huge wait. the food is ok
Loved this place! Excellent sushi. Fantastic, friendly service. Don't miss the Yoshi Roll or the Cucumber Wrap. And the fresh homemade wasabi is amazing. Best sushi I've had in Vegas in years.
Service was good but food not all that great. It was $17 for two bagel breakfast sandwich's and two coffees.  Everything in the breakfast sandwich tasted pre made for the day and the bagel itself was very very doughy. Always like trying a new place but don't think I will be going back to this.
I am hoping they have changed their meat in the burgers, because when I ate there it was one of the worst hamburgers I have ever had.  Everyone at the table sent their food back.  The meat tasked rancid.
Haulin Balls was the BEST Holiday addition to our corporate party!!  Friendliness, customer service, and BALLS...were above and beyond!!!  Multiple employees approached me and complimented them to me on how they even remembered our names!!!  Highly Highly recommend them for food and fun!!!
Absolutely entertaining!! Sexy, cool, amazing, dirty,awesome,insane.Right in your face amazing acrobats with pure talent. The emcees were the life of the show. Can't get enough of the dirty jokes. Definitely for adults only.
stay here often. its close to everything, and is reasonably affordable most of the time. Toby Keith's, is fun and i enjoy the food.... Thank you and good night
Liked the store unfortunately it is closing on Oct 16th
Removed one star because they keep charging for whipped cream. Also the tiny amount you receive is not worth the extra $0.70! For less than $3 I can go to the supermarket and buy a gigantic can of extra creamy whipped cream. This is bad corporate policy.
I visited Crave for the first time tonight, and I have to say that it was a wonderful experience. The service and promptness was impeccable. Hayley was our waitress and she did a fantastic job, always making sure we were taken care of.
Amazing place to find those shirts and hats for make your own projects great deals on shorts shirts shoes and more
Ive been to this place several times now and every time I leave I know I'll come back. The food is really good and tastes fresh, and the staff are great! Its worth checking out!
Very professional! The girls are great and they really provide an amazing service, you get exactly what you ask for! The nicest salon in Cave Creek, Carefree and North Scottsdale!\nThey  are also open Mondays.
Ever imaged an oasis in the Las Vegas desert? Well, here it is! Great English pub with food and beers to match! The bartenders are nice and the beers are cold. I also tried the sticky toffee pudding and it was pretty average but much appreciated nonetheless.
Seafood Bisque!! Do it!!\nthe Groupon as rad, but it sold me on the place. It's like less pretentious, but similarly prices Panara. I get something different every time and have liked each item.
Place seems like it's cleaned up since the Cheyenne Saloon, but unfortunately they still have the same god awful sound guy working the board. Ditch him and get someone who knows what they are doing.
awful, popcorn is the worst.  Cannot enjoy movie at all because people are \n ordering during the movie and waiters are making noise constantly going back and forth and  up and down.   The smell of the food and hearing people eating and drinking, placing  orders is annoying.
This establishment is no longer in business. The phone number is someone's private number.
Don't miss the fire breathing dragon roll!!!!  Habanaro and ghost pepper never tasted so good...
I created this yelp account just to review this restaurant. The food is terrible. I feel completely cheated as we had to throw out the food:(. Just travel further south to Guadalajara which has great food.
This chain used to have good food. Now everything but the chicken sucks and sucks badly. I go here to sing karaoke, I'll eat someplace else.
Evelyn...best carhop ever had. Very nice and personable and brought everything needed without asking her first!  Not everytime gets 5 stars but this visit deserved it!
Great job! The guy took his time and did exactly what I wanted. I got a fill and gel polish change on my toes: )
Yelp really needs to add a 0 star. Their food is garbage. I guess it's a good thing their servings are small which is why I did not feel guilty throwing the rest of it away.
Crowded with overpriced food :(
The breakfast was delicious.
Delicious, vegan-friendly, cheap, awesome!  Tiny place, blink and you'll miss it, but the decor is lovely and the staff are really nice!
Good pizza.  Stopped here for takeout with friends.  Had a salad which was very fresh and delicious.  Pizza was tasty and hot upon pick up.  A little out of the way for a regular pizza for us but definitely a good place to go for a pie!
If you want to eat in a kosher restaurant in Las Vegas, I highly recommend Jerusalem grill.  \nThe food there is fresh and tasty, the atmosphere is so nice and this place is very clean.  \nVery recommended.
Delicious food. Best Thai food in Las Vegas. Try the panang or the eggplant spicy. I crave this place!
Food is random, management scarce it's a so so  place only survives because they offer sports to view while you eat food you could've prepared at home.
I always have had a great experience at TJ's  The staff really go out of their way to help you and keep you wanting to come back. I highly recommend this store. For fruits and veggies I go to another, but I still shop at TJ's once a week.  I am a fan!
The service here is good, but thats as good as it gets. The salsa is disgusting the food is bland and unidentifiable and its just generally annoying
I came here to see Altaic (an excellent local Pitt band), and the venue was a lot of fun. The sound was mixed really well, the band sounded amazing, the people were friendly, and the beer was cheap. It was a pretty good night and I would definitely go back to the Smiling Moose.
They have a great happy hour that we take advantage of.  Cool little guitar player/singer in the corner providing some chill John Mayer/classic rock covers.\n\nThe manager came over and introduced herself and gave us a free app for a future visit.  Super friendly!!  Thank you!!
Not good. Don't think I'll be coming back here. Food is overpriced for the quality. The beef is slimy. And the wait staff doesn't pay attention.
As good as everyone said it was.
This is what's sad about Charlotte. A chain restaurant with frozen pizza dough and sauce out of a can is voted the 3rd best restaurant in town?
Everything was superb...except the steak. The steak was just OK and for forty bucks, I expect more than OK.
the place inside & out is neat.....but the food is average at best...and expensive for what it is....
I found their delivery to be very fast. Under 25 minutes in my case. Their pizza is decent, nothing special. They included a free dipping sauce with the pizza too, which was a nice bonus.
It was nice and clean employees were nice
I've been there on Monday nights for a few weeks in a row for 105.5 Triple M's Project M, and I love the atmosphere. Nice stage for live music. Plenty of TV's. Staff is very friendly. Delicious sweet potato fries!
First time watching strips dancing. The entry fee is 5 dollar and the beer is 8 bucks. We have waited for more than a hour till other customers coming. The dancers were not focusing on dancing
This place is great.  My new favorite place at the FBR open. The only other time I had as much fun was when I had the corporate pass.
Food was okay to better than okay. The main problem, the service was horrible, 30 minutes to get a water after sitting down. A lot of staff standing around for how bad the service was. The busboy was more helpful than our actual waiter. Would I come back... Maybe if someone else was paying.
This Home Depot has very helpful, friendly employees. As I was walking around the store, every single employee I passed smiled, said hello, and asked if I needed help. It also doesn't hurt that they had the trees I've been looking for at Lowes and Home Depot stores all over town for over 2 months!
Customer service is dreadful. Don't expect return calls as they don't happen. One star is exceeding the quality of service received. This review is for the Scottsdale office
enjoyed the food and nice feel in the dining room. The place is very busy which is good but the noise level was a bit too loud. I'll go back though!
Out of all the Firefly's in Vegas, this is still the best one. Serious local hang. Cheap, quality food. I eat here three times a week.
Very bland food that was probably marked up 500%.  I'd take Panda Express any day over this place.
Everyone else's reviews say it best, this is the best dive bar ever, and I LOATHE dive bars, but I love it really because it hasn't been imploded yet, and it holds a lot of history and very cool people, celebrities, locals, and some tourists, but not so many where it is painful.
Out dated decor, and stains on all the chairs. Our waitress was way too speedy, slamming plates down, and glaring at all her other tables while talking to us. \n\nThe food was decent. It may have tasted better if the experience was better.
3 stars only because the ordering experience is bizarre. They need to have some kind of guide, or staff who can really help you with it, even when busy. If you order at the bar though, you don't have to deal with any of that!
good service and large portions of food during brunch =] we had a minor hiccup when my friend got a over cooked steak sandwich but it was quickly taken care of and the manager came out to see how we were doing afterwards. AND she took it off the bill which was so nice! =]
Your typical red blooded All American steakhouse with its dark woods, low light, and heavy menu.  But there are some subtle and appreciated differences that provide a little nuance to the experience.  The standards are dressed up a little more creatively and the view offers an incredible contrast to the thick, dark steakhouse interior.
Great food, we regularly go here, best bartender, great drinks...the only thing is, I wish they were open later, we've gone there several times at 9pm to find them closing for the evening...please Fuego, please stay open later!
This was mine and my wives first time here. The waitress was fantastic and the food was awesome. The prices were very inexpensive!  Must try!
Completely tasteless broth... maybe it was water.\n\nGo to Lemongrass down the street.\n\nVery dissapointing.
Great beer selection,  and typical bar food. The only thing that was a not good was the seating outside we had a group of 6 but they sat us around a table for three.
I've thought about using thank you cards with clients I've booked for personal training packages.  Sending a card, tastefully decorated package and a few freshly baked brownies was a better choice.  Q-tsie delivered to my client on schedule.  The order process was simple.  I am very pleased and would recommend this service to any professional.
Get there early. The rolls are tasty. if there's a crowd come back a different day. All You Can Eat for 2 with Sodas & Taxes(Boo!) cost around 57.00 to 60.00 bucks. I know that's plenty of Jumbo Jacks, but Sushi fans can't complain.
Good food, nice service.more hidden menu on the wall,you have to check or ask the server.
Have an Arrogant Bastard for me, will ya?
Good as usual. Small, kind of loud but a great burger and fries. Real good flavoring and a decent beer list.
Fresh, fast, easy.
Our table had 3 botched orders out of 5. The food took 40 minutes, and was not worth coming back for. Service was good-- the kitchen staff is awful.
Yum. Signature Mama all the way. This is a great place, no matter how you slice it.
The wait was long and my soup was cold. The cappuccino was alright. Everything on the \"light\" menu has eggs, so if you don't like eggs and don't want something with 80g of fat and sugar for breakfast, you're kind of screwed.
FREE UFC.\nAbove average bar food.\nSpeedy service.\nIdeal layout for starring endlessly at favorite sporting event on TV.
Pretty good food . The orange juice is made at the bar. The servers were attentive. The pancakes were amazing and huge.
Everything I have eaten has been delicious and reasonably priced. My favorite is the blueberry Danish. The chef and the ladies upfront are very friendly.
Nice selection of clothing - something for everyone. They also pay fair prices for your goods. Not super picky, but they don't take anything. Friendly staff.
This is one of my my go-to restaurants when I have visitors. Nuff said!
Always been a showcase regular ever since i was a kid i grew up on tha best bar b que n the city!!!
Thinking back the hot dogs were okay. But eating here drunk, heaven.
Good food, nice people..the waitress was amazingly friendly and attentive. The beer was a little warm for my taste..Beer on tap should be below 40 degrees. my guestimation would be about 45 degrees?
Good selection of flavors, good selection of toppings.....and a good location for treating yourself after perusing My Sister's Closet.  Nothing stands out - either positively or negatively....so there ya go.
Nice atmosphere, semi interesting menu.  However, $7+ for a burger when I can get a better one at elsewhere with bacon for less, left me feeling unsatisfied.
Good service at a decent price point. However, it was super unhealthy. I got the crab scramble, which sounded healthy. However, it was swimming in grease. Prob won't come back on my own.
Since I live in Florida I'm a little spoiled with good sushi quality. I didn't feel this restaurant had great sushi and it was extremely overpriced.
Yoga Pants is amazing! WOB you have to get these guys back in here again. They only take requests... They have a keyboard and drums... Fire drill. Both guys play and sing, absolutely awesome ! You guys rock loved every minute if it!
By far best Italian food in the area. Perhaps best Italian food I have had in my life. The hospitality by Mr Franco makes the experience even more memorable. Veal and halibut were exceptional. Dessert screams \"yummy.\"
Their $9 exterior car wash was fantastic.  The exterior of my car was really clean, cleaner than the brush car washes, and since it's a hand wash, better for the paint on my car.  A+
Good food, not great food. good enough to get four stars. Their portion sizes are smaller than your average tapas so make sure to order plenty!
Very disorganized and rude. lost my order and try to blame it on me, I went down to the location to show him my confirmation email and he still tried to say it was my fault the order was not in his system. The Tempe location is absolutely amazing, use them if possible!!!!
Great gyro at a great price!  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the Yelp reviews were good so I checked it out - glad I did
Excellent gazpacho, warm Brie and chicken crepe and spinach, asparagus, Brie quiche. Delicious food and nice ambience. Service was attentive but a little slow. A little over an hour. I guess we're just used to eating and running!
Love a fun burger! This place was pretty good.  Not the best though.  My guys blue cheese was weak, I think it's the cheese bc my goat cheese was hard to tell it was there. We like a stronger cheese! Ran outta iced tea too, boo
We come here for pies and they do not disappoint. Have had lunch here once or twice, and it is OK, but it is the pies that make the trip. I recommend the mixed berry or the coconut cream.
My daughter and I stopped in for lunch today.  Good food, great service.  Give them a try!
Good food but subpar service. We got the veg combo and it was delicious. Bread was soft and the curries was well cooked. But the service was slow even though no one was at the restaurant. The staff tried to engage us but ended up coming across a little abrasive.
I've never gambled here but i love walking through this place.  It is beautifully designed and the water show is always a treat.
Perhaps the WORST restaurant I've ever been to!! It took 1 hour and freaking 30 minutes just to get our food ready!! Never ever again!!!
Friendly staff with many levels of authenticity. The gelato and sorbet we both very creamy and rich. After sitting at one of the dining tables I fell into a trance that forced me to moon over all the fun and interesting Italian ingredients.\n\nI got the cheese sampler or Framaggio, super fun and tasty.
i may know how magnets work but...\ntex tubb's queso?\n\nSHIT IS MAGICAL.
The food was okay and I didn't have the pancakes but I ordered a orange juice when I sat down and it ended up costing more than $5. \n\nOn the plus side the lamps looked like waffles.
I love this place.   I was in town, but without my clubs, and I was able to rent more than a few for less than twenty bucks.  Decent driving range, great pro shop and the staff was incredibly nice and personable.  Helped me with all of my requests.  Prices for clothing in the pro shop were pretty good.
Mediocre food with unfriendly service. Restaurant was dirty. Tables were left unbussed and one of the workers decided that fixing the door in the middle of the lunch rush with a drill for 30 minutes was a good idea.  First time...and last time.
Can't wait to go here again. All movie theaters should be like this. It is so comfortable you forget you are at a theater. And you can order alcohol... I will definitely be going here for all my movie experiences from now on.
The more I go, the more i fall in love with this store. i love cooking and this is the only place where i can get those \"weird\" ingredients.
nice people. gross food. \nI got an egg skillet and all I got was cold, rubbery eggs with what looked like left overs tossed on top. I was really disappointed because this place got such great reviews. My dad got an egg combo plate... same low quality food. Bummer!
Amazing food! Beware: the spice ratings are authentic. The food is so delicious. Hooray.
Boltini is my go to bar.  The staff is always friendly and accommodating.  It is dimly lit, but it goes with the vibe of the place.  The staff are always friendly.  Get a pineapple gimlet, cosmo or mojito (when the heat is on).
Good food, albeit somewhat limited menu. Very attentive and friendly service. Pleasant atmosphere. Not highest rating b/c weak wine list & extremely miss-priced (overpriced) champaign list.
Their food was absolutely amazing! I definitely recommend the Pad Thai.  Having reservations helps!
I order cheese burger with onion rings on the burger it had meat patty, spicy mayo, lettuce tomato , cheese made everything fresh
My mom saw this show and she loved it. She thought the animals were really cute and loved the little tricks they did. Super family friendly G rated show.
Meh. Not a big fan of this location. I think I'll stick to the one off Gilbert and the 202.
Love this place! Hubby and I stopped in for happy hour and enjoyed the company at the bar. The owners were working and we enjoyed talking with them. They had a great wine selection as well as a delicious cheese board. We will definitely be back!
Delicious, fresh, fast, and affordable!!! Breakfast burritos are great anytime of day. I always choose Filibertos over the competition simply for the taste of the food.
This place is incredible. Everything I have tried on the menu has been awesome, and the Seared Ahi Tacos are definately one item you need to try! Atmosphere is a bit crowded, but when a place is this popular you can expect it to be crowded most of the day, every day.
Moon juice IPA  yum
As a Southern Californian - I've had my fair share of Vegas trips. Its funny how I've never stopped at this iconic sign though. The entrance way is only available as you driving away from the strip.  Parking is at a minimum. Its cool to be able to say you've visited it - but its nothing special.
This is one of my favorite restaurants.  I first tried it in AZ. Delucious. Be sure to get the PB and J pasty for dessert.
The food there is average. Sometimes the chili has ZERO beans in it.\n\nThe biggest problem is EVERY SINGLE time I've gone through the drive through, when we get home the order is wrong.\n\nI won't go to that location any more.
Mediocre food. It wasn't really hot. It's was served very quickly which tells me it's in a warming tray. Very nice staff. Not sure if we will come back
The best experience I've had on a cart. The staff is awesome and the cars are fast. Up to 45 MPH.
Not bad if you are looking for bargain products.  Some of the items have some flaw in it so you get what you pay for.  Okay location right next to Sprouts & Pet Smart in Old Town Scottsdale.
Panda Express quality food at 4 times the price.
This pizza place has become one of my favorites with the Sicilian jersey ranch pizza making my top choice with a side of their garlic knots. They deliver, they feed you there, they make great food and Im having it for dinner :)
Good food and decent service!! Not as good as Dona Marias or Phab Phranks for Mexican food but really good!!
Food here was good ok! Nothing special, but the wait took like 45 min just to get our food! It was slow but I guess there was only one cook?! Idk? So so.. Food good, service was fine, be prepared to wait..
Did not care for Miracle Mile shops at all...the least exciting of the Strip shops - selection is that of a regular mall, no labels you couldn't find elsewhere. The sole redemption of Miracle Mile shops might be Sephora for last-minute needs. Don't  care for the crowd here - can be sketch.
Friendly staff and very accommodating. No need to fear the dentist Dr. Nesbit and Dr. Jones are amazing. The dentists follow up with you personally even on weekends.
Late night burger & wings - burger rocked but the fries & wings lost their crispness since the chef forgot to pop a few holes in the styrofoam but it's ok - next day I broiled em & yum yum gimme some!
I concur with the buttermilk pie reviews.  Its rich and melts in your mouth, the caramel on top is unreal! Thanks yelpers for this hole in the wall find. Ive only tried the pie, but its Super Delicious.
Was not happy. Ordered a Cole Turkey. The meat was dry, the cheese bland, and wayyyyy to much cole slaw. It was if I ordered a cole slaw sandwich with cheese topped with shredded turkey. Did I mention the turkey was dry?
Well, I've always said that I'll try just about anything once....but after eating here that's gonna start to change. Dirty, small & crowded, bad service, misleading menu, and the food is average at best. Needless to say I'll never go back!!!!
Not knowing to much about The Beatles I still enjoyed the show a lot! I knew more songs than I thought I did that's for sure! The dancers are amazing, singing and dancing also the production of the entire show from beginning to end.
Caffeine was needed.\n\nStarbucks was there.
This place is located on the second floor and it has a nice view!  The drinks are pricey but they do offer happy hour. You have to check their happy hour and what they offer!  I enjoyed being their customer last Saturday night.
Ate here 2 times during my stay at the Palazzo. We had different cheese boards both times at the bar. The bar staff were very helpful and knew a lot about the menu. This is a great place to relax after a long day at a convention! I would love to go back and try their diner menu.
Location is a real advantage, nice park around, perfect for afternoon walk. \nInside is cosy and warm. Burning wooden logs in the fireplace gives this place real charm and character.
This is by far one of my favorite places in all of Las Vegas to eat.  Everything on the menu is delicious, healthy, and fresh.  It's very popular.  \n\nI definitely recommend trying their smoothies and the turkey club with sweet potato fries.
Food flavor ok, but serving sizes are very poor.  Price is average.  However, I have eaten at this Salsitas place 3 times and every time the serving size is minimum.  I do not recommend this place at all.\n\nI can upload pics so you can understand why I do notrecommend this place.
The food is really fresh and the different sauces are fantastic. The service is upbeat and attentive. Just be prepared to wait, they get busy. A good place for large groups with a lot of TVs to watch the game!
Food is great!  Coffee is great! Service is great!  They have a variety of options for coffee and lattes.  Wide range of items on menu.  Everything is fresh and local.  My fav is the yogurt parfait.  The house made granola is yummy!
Sorry this place was SAD. They sold flavored popcorn. It is NO longer in existence!!!
Had steak hoagie. Was ok nothing special. Service was ok. We also ordered pizza....whoa big mistake..  1 notch above cardboard.
Shea was great! Fast, friendly and honest service.
This place is amazing I recommend it to everyone. I'm making plans to eat there with great friends 1st timers tomorrow and I know they will love it.. its so authentic and wonderful whether ur new to Indian food or a conosur!! The owner is wonderful as well and very nice.
Debbie is amazing, knowledgable on products for your skin  and also nutritional needs as well.  I've been going to her for 20+ years and I always learn something new from her.  I would never go anywhere else.
My nails always look on point with my girl Lily doing them! Amy and Mark put their heart and soul into tho place and it shows! The selection is HUGE! The customer service is stellar and the atmosphere is amazing! I love coming here even tho it's a drive for me, I wouldn't go anywhere else!!!
this place was great, everyone was super friendly, and I was a little jealous that the servers were running around in PJ's and I was wearing normal clothes. \n\nthe food was really good, I got the French Toast, it was super delicious. definitely want to go back and try the other stuff on the menu
You'll love the feeling of this tri-level bar that seems to be 'hidden' by walls of draped crystals (Atleast on the 2nd level)\n\n- The cosmo is a great 'central' location for a drink with friends or group and this place is kinda magical!
Convenient and quick.  The prices are reasonable and the people who work here are friendly.  No real complaints.  Check for coupons!
We ended up here after Titanic and Bodies. It was pretty good for lunch.  Lots of selection but nothing to write home about.  Much better than the circus circus but not as good as Treasure Island.  I did enjoy the privacy and overall quite nature when we went around 2:00pm
I'm only giving 2 stars because the employees genuinely look happy to work here (hope you sense my sarcasm). Horrible unhappy unfriendly people working here makes my Jamba Juice experience horrible.
How the Mighty have fallen , service is pure crap
Surprisingly elegant interior with a rough store front. The food was excellent and service was prompt. Delicious curry both red and green with huge portions.
Rock bar. \nBuffalo wings.great! \n Chili cheesy dog fries. awesome. \nservice is a bit slow. but it's vegas. sit back and watch the game... your server/menu/drinks/food will come, eventually.
O.K. all you can eat sushi place. Price and quality wise one of the better in Montreal. No tuna included.
Wow drive thru was slow. Either that or the damn person in front of me was picky as shit
Food was not tasty. Either too salty or too sweet. Soup was not good. Here for a birthday party which was ruined due to server dropping calamari on the birthday girls and guests. Service was terribly slow. Desert was ok but selection was not. Would not come again.
Food was bland.  Previous yelper said it tasted like buffet food and it did.  Good lunch prices but rather spend more for better food. Restaurant was nice and staff was friendly.
Good food...Pulled pork sandwich needs to be hotter though, pretty cool...
Drinks were good.  Did not eat, but it looked ok.
It is an ok indian restaurant, the quality is not vwry low but it is alao not high at all
I just gave the Champaign Porgy's 2 stars....  I always enjoy my large tips and Polish here.  That said, it would be 5 stars if they would give the Chicken the love that they use to back in the day.
The crab soup was awesome, with saffron and just delicious. The lunch of fresh fish was also wonderful. Their seafood was very fresh and they made me a whisky smash to start off, which was also great.
Food is good. But if you're looking for fast service, don't bother. It took almost an hour to get our food. And with 2 young ones with us that doesn't fly. Not only that, they served the adult food first. :/
I've eaten at Merts a few times and even received a free birthday meal which included a drink. Very impressed. My favorite dishes are the salmon cakes and the rice and beans with turkey sausage but that dish tends to be too salty at times. Overall, nice place to eat.
Good prices unlimited crab leggs awesome omlet station and great customer service. A must stop for re fueling while gambling.
Fun store if you are looking for Korean. To the poster that identified this store as Japanese, was wrong. Korean and Japanese foods are similar but not the same.
Great. The owner just made us dinner. We didn't even look at a menu. No corkage fee on the wine. All good.
Sports Deli is a great alternative to the Rio's shoddy buffet. Featuring reasonably priced pizza, burgers, sandwiches, and salads, everything I had here was great, from the pizza to the burgers. Plus, service is fast and you can take your delicious food where you want inside the casino.
It was okay.  Not impressed.  Had a scallops tapas and it was not fully cooked.  Won't be back anytime soon.  LOVE Mallorca though!
Love postinos! The Monday and Tuesday wine and bruschetta special is awesome! The food is delicious and I love the atmosphere!
I read the comments and I was anxiuos to visit BUT I found a simple coffee shop with some toys, the service was really slow and the coffee ... good
Very best, had this back in the midwest.  Vinny boy slider and cyclone with everything is what i order every time.
We never go to breakfast, but glad we did.  Happen to be in the area and great place.  Good portions, good value.  Had the breakfast Chorizo and was really really good.  If it was a bit closer to home would definitely go back.  If I'm in the area, we will be going back!
The food at Red Square was good.  However, the server was over confident and tried to upsell on EVERYTHING.
Just finished breakfast Amanda are service was fantastic!   We sat outside enjoyed the nice weather and savored out banana nut muffin!!
Exceptional local Carefree/Cave Creek/N. Scottsdale hangout for quality Italian, tasty gourmet pizzas, and even back-East style fast food.  Prices are very reasonable and consistency is never an issue with food or service.
Great customer service!  It's a small place but clean.We went there as a party of five and food was awesome!  Kare-Kare, Bulalo, Lechon, Fried Squid, and Adobo Rice. The best!
It took way to long for us to get our food.
Not impressed. Only 3 sushi-\nSalmon, and some Tempura crab sushi.. Not enough variety in the Chinese and Italian Selection. Food was either over seasoned - too salty- or under seasoned. \nBottom line, not worth the money.
So I'm here every other week seems like, and I haven't had any problem with US airways..
Terrible terrible place. Weak customer service. average food at best.
No, I won't be shopping there for a while. They refuse to talk to Consumers Union about offering meat without antibiotics. Me thinks not. I get enough antibiotics from the pharmacy. I thought TJ's was a little better than that. Oh well.
I'm not one to usually complain and you can see that on my review history but this place offers terrible terrible service, slow service (they weren't busy) and overpriced food and drinks. Wasn't impressed w/ the food and for sure will never return.
I like the pizza ands the owner is really nice. I can tell he puts a lot of pride into his work. Tends to be a little overly greasy, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. It says it's halal, and personally i respect when someone is upfront with their beliefs and true to themselves.
Great place in the heart of downtown, a bit pricey but it's deff worth it.  Service is phenomenal super friendly and courteous.  I had the atomic dog, I'm not a big Hot dog fan, but this was so delicious.  If I every find myself around the area I will deff come back and eat here.
Place is to cramped. Food is not great, Jesse silva you ruined my life with this place. Service was ok.
Very Sad to say, that it seems Siracha has closed for the time being. The windows are papered up & a note on the door says closed for two months. SAD.
Ordered delivery, small confusion over my address but easily resolved. Fast delivery, accurate and good portions - plus they gave me a couple extra eggrolls! I ordered lunch specials and appreciated the fried rice with the entrees. Excellent value - and very tasty.
Terrible seating.  It needs to be updated from 1985.  Saw Girl with The Dragon Tattoo.  I confess I am an AMC man but went cuz one of my besties didn't want to stray far.  Left with a creakkk in my neck from the seating.  Won't be back.
Food was horrible! Bland beef lo mein and nasty dry fried rice. I was the only one in the whole place and still waited like 10 mins to be acknowledged because the 2 women felt the need to continue their conversation. Never going back!
This used to be one of my favorite places until the last time I ordered a submarino and I found a piece of kitchen sponge in my sandwich \nI will try again soon because I have always had good experiences with Fazolis
The food was great, the facility clean. The waiter was rude.  Bad customer service ruined the whole trip.  Won't be back.
This is the most authentic Italian pizza I have had in the US. That being said, some people might not like it. It definitely reminded me of what I had in Rome. The salads were good too! Can't wait to try the other dishes!
One of the most swanky casino hangouts on the strip.  pure sexiness.  Even the parking lot is cool.
I love this place!   The have a special of Mac and Cheese that I love and probably have ate way too much of!  They have yummy three bean chili.   They have chocolate chip waffles too!
Dr. Costa MOVED to Spencer Springs Animal Hospital and so shall I. Thanks for always getting me in Legacy and having lovely front desk ladies but Dr. Costa is too good not to follow. \n\nYou lost a star for losing Dr. C :(
Great selection of food items at a fairly expensive price. But hey, you're at the Bellagio.
Excellent food, excellent price. Especially for lunch!
We are weekenders in Scottsdale, and every time we come, Sol is our go to! The prices are great. The service is great, and the micheladas.... AMAZING! (That may be the one reason we can't stay away!) can't wait to go back!
The nurses in the ER were amazingly kind and friendly. Made being there much more tolerable. There were so many screaming children running around. Handle your kids people. That is not okay.
All the reviews must be from friends or family,  because the food is nasty, not a lot of flavor,  I will never stop here again. If you do not believe buy one and judge for yourself.
I have been eating at Flamingo Palace for at least a decade. It is my standard against which I judge other Chinese restaurants.\n\nThe egg rolls are the best I've ever had.
Bloody mary bar - first I've ever seen something like that. We had one of the omlettes that were a bit dry. Very cool location - near Thai Basil. Natural-oriented choices... a little different breakfast place.
I'm glad we tried this place. My hubby ordered BBQ pork fried rice which was sooo delicious, I had the Tom Yum which was so delicious too hot and perfect flavor.  Place was clean and we experienced great fast friendly service and the Thai tea is soo good too.  I recommend this place for lunch very affordable.
This place was over hyped. ... breakfast was not worth the price! Its a very nice atmosphere ... good view of the strip and thats about it.
Alright airport. It is very clean. There were no long security lines. There is also Free Wifi which is always a plus because there is nothing to do at airports. Also, its not too crowded.
This restaurant is the best part of this hotel. Great burgers and sandwiches in an awesome setting. Cool decor and very comfortable. Nice happy hour options. Loved the turkey pastrami. The hotel is lousy but this restaurant is great!
Pizza is great!
Good cocktails, and good snacks. Not a huge fan of their steak or their mussels.
I ordered the all you can eat pancakes and four sausage links. Coty is our server though Matt & Cindy are here too. Everything was fine. It definitely was better than Waffle House.
Good food.  Huge portions but split the food. Music is to loud.\nWe were with another couple & they received their food first. We had to wait 20 minutes for our food.
Sehr leckere Ramensuppen. Wir waren sehr zufrieden.
I had the worst panini I've ever had. It was the smokehouse turkey and it wasn't even edible. It tasted processed and looked like they marked the sandwich with grill lines.. I always want to like paradise bakery but it just comes up short every time, think I'm done.
7 mins before they where closing and the open sign still lit, we where walking up to go buy some gelato. One of the workers locked the door right before we could open it, and walked off. We wont be back! That's bad service!!!
Culinary Dropout was a great experience. Our waitress was very personable, and she had many recommendations.  It was nice because it was just off the strip, so not very crowded, but we were very early (5pm) because of a show.  There was a nice outdoor patio, too.  The roasted beets were amazing!!
The spring roll was terrible, their suppose to have slices of pork in it all they had was couple of shrimp and shit load of veggies.it was more like salad roll.
I had the shrimp with the shebang sauce. The food was tasty but the shrimp ended up soft and a little overlooked. The Cajun flavor was there. The service was okay, we were attended to but the waitress forgot several orders in our party.
I'm so happy I found this place. The food was fresh and yummy. The prices were very reasonable. The service was friendly. It's located right off of the strip. I'll definitely come back!
Favorite burger place so far, amazing service,helpful waiters, great beer, just loved it.
Not too much fusion here.  This is very traditional Chinese fare.  Prices aren't bad, but don't expect much value.  Our waiter was very unattentive despite an empty dining area.
The first time I tried WBC, it was at the Sedona Branch. The Arrowhead branch did not disappoint, either. The staff were as friendly as the Sedona branch. Of course, the food was delicious and the store was very clean. \n\nWill keep coming back.
Today was a great lunch with a friend, I was totally enjoying my coffee and secret sandwich when the cook brought me another sandwich for free! She thought the first one was too crispy. I thought it was delicious. Great service.
Why do you punish us with that new pirate show? Yeah, it's a siren song all right, my earwax melted, my drums popped, and I've never prayed for death before... but I did  a little shout out to Jesus about 2.43 seconds into this 'pirate' show.
Always great service and ambiance.  The sushi is always fresh and the selection is always solid and diverse.  Go for lunch and take advantage of their bento box specials.
No way. Their rolls are very dry and bad. They are expensive. Service is bad and slow. Their anticucho was pretty good, but other than that, everything was NOT good. Don't go here. I wouldn't recommend this place.
Bottom line, the hostess was the worst. She did not great my party because she was texting on her phone. We were seated by a bartender and he was the reason I am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1. The pizza was okay and the beer selection was mediocre.
We ordered a cake for our son's wedding in September. William was very helpful and professional.  The cake was so beautiful and delicious that we ordered another cake for my husband's 50th birthday celebration.  Once again the cake was a hit! Delicious moist vanilla cake with raspberry mousse filling.
Best vape shop in Vegas, hands down. Great customer service and everyone is knowledgeable about the products.
This is a great shop with an always interesting selection of firearms. It is my favorite gun shop in the valley even though it's an hour drive from my house.
I was not at all thrilled with the food here. I found there to be a lack of choices for my tastes, but it may also be me being new to Greek food.  The food was kind of bland, but it was prepared fast and the staff was nice.
Carbs, carbs, and more carbs......this is a horrendous place to eat.\nSteer as far away from this place as you can. \n\nMinus five if allowed.\n\nFries on a crummy beef sandwich.
Hard to knock a place run by such nice people who keep this little self-serve frozen yogurt shop super clean. They have a nice variety of flavors, and plenty of options to choose from for toppings. \n\nDefinitely a wonderful addition to the Southside!
Super staff tonight! We stopped while heading north. They sell beer on tap! Craft beers in a refillable bottle. In 32 or 64 ounce bottles.
Authentic Mexican food in a humble setting.  The carrots preserved in vinegar are magnificent.  This is a hard-working kitchen that consistently serves tasty fare.  I can recommend this restaurant with confidence.
My least favorite of the three places to eat at South Mountain.  I wasn't very impressed by the food, no where near as delicious as quiescence or the farm lunch.
Good for allyoucaneat
Terrible slots. Everything else good. Cheap breakfast 12am- 6am. Spacious floor, variety of rip off slots, nice amenities.
Descent Taco Bell. Friendly service. A little tiny on the inside but pretty quick. Frequent it enough and have enjoyed it thus far.
Great beer selection, good food, spectacular scenery, but...the service is not up to par.  It may be as simple as adding an extra server or two.  Same goes with the bartender area.
I ordered the burger for take-out and asked for extra pickles on my burger.  Who the F*&K puts bread and butter pickles in their burger?  Just saying.
another spot I went to that had a ton of flies and very little interest from staff to fix the situation...
Went for Happy Hour and sat outside under the big screen TV.  Waitress was polite, knowledgeable and prompt.  Ordered sushi and sake and was pleasantly surprised when I got the check.  I will definitely return again and bring some friends.  The Happy Hour specials are worth checking out and there's a wide variety to choose from.
This hotel is full of people that don't sleep and look cracked out. Went to hooters restaurant and the hostess ladies were chit chatting and instead of seating us when they saw us they kept talking. Literally we checked the bed for bugs because this hotel is so gross.
When you walk into a \"Mexican\" restaurant and ask the waiter, \" what do you have that is spicy?\" and he replies with, \"well, we don't really have much spicy food\" you're in trouble.
Tried nearly everything on the menu and it's all delicious.
Best Gyro's in town! Awesome customer service! The Gyros are huge and so filling. We'll be back!
OMG. Best California Benedict ever!  One of the best breakfasts I have ever had. I wish we had this place on Denver!!!  Great service, spacious dining area, excellent menu.
Maybe the food here is just a little too authentic for your average round eye.  My palate is maybe a little more advanced than that of my dinner guests. By the reviews we thought this was maybe more like your average Anglo Chinese restaurant. Only 3 stars because it didn't turn out to be what we thought.
Went for the beers, stayed for the Bavarian pretzel with warm beer cheese. You should to.
We had to put our own tables together to accommodate our party of 8.  The service was very slow.  The server was forgetful.  AND... The Chicken California flatbread pizza gave my wife food poisoning!
Jake was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the entire re-finance process.  He made everything go quickly and smoothly. He was very detailed and kept in contact with me the entire time, even when I had silly questions.  I would recommend him and his team to anyone I know.  Truly the least painful experience I have ever had.
Restaurant is alright. Good steak, ok pasta and nice warm bread with butter to greet you.\nWaitress in flip flops. HOW? Really?
Yummmmm! Everything was tasty, the koolaid took me back! Wish we had saved room for red velvet cake!
A nice Syrian spot if you have a yearning for Middle Eastern. I enjoyed the Lamb Shawarma. It was quite flavorful and refreshing.\n\nThey also sell house made salads and dips to take away.
WOW My mouth is watering thinking of what I'll  have next time!  Love the Atmosphere!  Chocolates and pastries to die for!  And lunch was amazing!  \"Chef\" Tony is an artist.
Terrible service from everyone.  Food was bland and average. Waited forever. Not worth the money. Not by half.
the mother/daughter team make the most delicious toffee in the valley!\n\nyou can find it during winter at the old town farmers market!
So this is a 2.5 star review kids. Great parking, great hike, great view, friendly people. BUT COME ON! the trail signage is pretty bad and inaccurate. My friend and I are decently experienced hikers and we got lost twice. A 3-5 mile hike turned into 7 miles.
Great Mongolian chicken or beef. We also get the honey seared chicken. The wonton soup and lettuce wraps are a great start.
Excellent food and service. The staff is very friendly and make you feel like home. I will recommend this please.
This review is for the lunch buffet.  The food was really good.   Although there was a lot of variety, I wish there was a little more (like at the Mirage).   But I give this 4 stars thanks to the unlimited champagne I received throught my meal. \nP.S.  be prepared to wait in a long line.
Kinda shady and is totally dead till way late...
This place is pretty good most of the time, though a bit inconsistent in service speed and quality.  I do like the wings quite a bit, and some of their other offerings are quite good.  There's nothing particularly outstanding though.  Every now and then it seems like service takes forever, while sometimes it is fast.
Just an update this hotel is no longer a Hilton and I'm guessing I know why LOL. I have been back to a Hilton do to the impeccable treatment given to us after they read this review and tat stay was much nicer
Worst service ever, the manager was angry and screaming and was being very rude when we asked her about the meals, never going there again, she was screaming at all the waitresses.
I love this place.  What a great idea.  My daughter had such a good time at story telling.  Next week she will attend a tumbling ad music class.  Defiantly worth the money.  The food is very fresh too!
If you like the Beatles, this is a no-brainer = GO SEE THE SHOW.  \n\nSimply Awesome!!!
I only come here for crown and diet coke to go. I always ask if they can make it extra strong and they do, just the way I like it.
I showed up here after work to get a burger and fries on Saturday night at 410am. The posted hours on the door read open until 5. The employees inside locked the door, then proceeded to laugh and ignore me. Unprofessional, and infuriating.
We went back tonight and the food was great, service from Ky was amazing and the music was pleasant.  Excellent comeback from a rough night.
Their crushed red pepper is the best! If you're going to get a sub from here make sure you get it with the crushed peppers-so spicy and delicious! My favorite sub is the turkey although most people like the bobbie.
Jon, Tess, Charlie, Erin, Kathleen and whole gang are the best!!!
This fella is brilliant to deal with; straight-up with quality/pricing and an entertaining personality to boot! Happily satisfied customer.
This place is consistently delicious! The price is a few dollars more than some other restaurants but if you want to enjoy everything, it is worth it. I haven't tried the prime rib yet but that is on my agenda.
Stopped there on a motorcycle ride.  They were slammed with 100 Bikers hitting them at one time but they quickly took care of everyone and the food was great!
Drinks are EXTREMELY expensive. The place is beautiful, beautifully lit and very high end. I love the decor but the hip hop room was too small. I'm pretty sure numerous people groped my butt, and I two stepped the entire night. Wish there was room for us to sit.
I got our wedding rings from here. This place is just amazing. Avo did a custom designed ring for her that i had in mind and i must say the final product exceeded my expectations. He is very talented!!\nThe service was great and everyone was very friendly.
Went to dinner on a Saturday night. The food was AH-mazing. So delish. They had a few performers during our meal. A gentleman who sang like some dude in the rat pack. And a soulful woman who sang the blues. Very cool!
I thought my stylist did a poor job. She didn't use the curling iron and used a round brush to make curls and literally 5 min after I walked out of the salon my curls were gone. It was a total waste if money. I wouldn't recommend this place for a blow out or style.
I had a rueben that tasted old. My friend did the 6lb burrito challenge and couldn't finish it.. he said it was too junky. The customer service there is amazing but the food is just nasty.
I'm not really a fan.  The place seems awfully crowded and it is hard to navigate.  What is worse, though, is to charge me $6 for a Red Bull with no liquor.  Bunkhouse usually charges me $2.  The back patio is small and skinny, whereas the usual clientele is not.  It is what it is.
Great food. Reasonable prices. Very friendly. We were looking for a relatively quick lunch place and this hit the spot perfectly. We would definitely come back.
Excellent food, nice beverages, more than fair prices, & great service. Waitress remembered us & was a doll. Owner Elias is a delightful gent & such a really welcoming character. We'll be back. Very pleased.
Nice decor, great service, very very mediocre sushi. Sashimi was OK but all of the rolls, from basic to specialty, were very muddled. Many other sushi options in CLT for WAY less $$$.
best cupcakes and cakes ever!!
Stopped in for iced coffee.  YUM. Only four stars because the sign looks like a rooster and I walked by 3 times b4 I found it. Its kinda funny but also a little annoying.  Service was fast and friendly.  Like the iced brew a lot even without milk:)
They probably only get my order right half of the time but they are so friendly and makes up for it and that is why I keep coming back.
Website hours don't match the actual store hours. Call before you go to make sure they are even open. 2nd visit and 2nd disappointment.
The pizza was just \"ok\" crust was chewy and undercooked in the middle while the edges were good. Pretty stingy with the cheese and toppings as well. Went back another time and the pizza was better, bumping review up to 3 stars.
The drinks are cheap.  That's the nicest thing I have to say.  It's a bro bar right by the stadiums, so standards can't really be too high.  The food is awful, the service is really bad, the drinks are domestic...but It is what it is.
I ordered from here a few times and the food isnt bad. Occassionally they forget to do the special request I ask for my food but over all good service.
Does anyone know what this place has to offer someone that does not drink liquor?
The hotel is very dated. Some of the dealers are super rude! The taxi line attendant was very rude. Won't stay there again!
One star for the atmosphere besides that the food was really bad I got the grilled cheese sliders and they were just plain gross. The cheese was nasty and tastes like it was fried in old grease. Harsh I know.
Very nice rooms but they charged me extra $500+ on some room charge i did not make... they said they filed a claim challenge but took the money from my account 3 months later and that was suppose to be my rent money...  signature on the receipt was clearly not mine but charge me anyways i will never stay here again
Ive eaten here a couple times before and sometimes it is good and other times it is so so. The last time I went was CIAA weekend, the waitress was very nice and helpful but the food was not very good. The portions were small and the food had no taste. The best part was the salad bar.
Peanut soup that everyone likes is not that great and I am a fan of dark beer so not a fan of the blue moonish beer. The darker beers were great though
Dungeoness Crab eggs benedict.  Eggs on top of a bed of crab meat sitting on top of breading.  The egg yolk just melted all around the crab and breading below which tasted okay.  The citrus hollandaise sauce was a good complement.
Went for lunch on 3/21/2014 thinking I just found an awesome new gluten-free, vegetarian place and I walk up to a locked door. No sign, nothing on customer voice mail. Left highly disappointed and hungry.
Food was bland. Horchata was really spicy.\nI would recommend going to a different pupusa place.
Pretty spacious. Mixed crowd. One of the better bars on carson IMO
Have not been here this year.My experience of roughly 20 visits was always good with zero problems or complaints. I enjoyed many different things. It was never fast but not a problem. Always clean, orders correct and polite. No drive through experience. I enjoyed everything and liked trying things.
My husband and I went there for dinner. It was recommended by the hotel. I personally don't like the fact hat you have to purchase everything separately. I expected he food to be much better than it was for the prices. Staff was not very friendly.  Expect more from a place that is suppose to be high end
When I need my Carne Asada taco fix, this is my go to place! \n\nAlways friendly, quick, reasonably priced & the quality of their carne asada tacos is right on :) Plus, I like that they don't charge me for extra lime to squeeze onto my tacos, lol
Our visit was the climax to a wonderful eveing out and the staff were so awesome in describing their menu and how it all worked.
Great food, not fast food, not cheap food, but it is good BBQ, nice setting on the patio at night.  My kids liked their ribs, so it all worked out.
Worst place ever. No credit card machine, no ice, no pizza??? Close the doors already!
The Fork was one of old time favz. But altho the food is O K , it has lost it's edge.  Kinda of old school.  We cannot rave over any of it but can't complain either.
I was quoted one price for a rate on a stay that wound up being open ended.  I was charged a different price and called to ask what had happened.  My information was taken for the manager that booked me.  I never heard back and will not stay at Suncoast in the future.  Very Poor Customer Service.
The food is so bad that roaches won't dine here!   I would rather eat a big steaming pile o'shitake .   The service is atrocious.   \n\nPlease,  I beg you not to waste your time or money here.
It's like your buddy next door sells e-juice. \n\nGreat place to hang out and chat.\n\nGreat juices awesome vibe.\n\nTop notch.
Too bad this place stinks, was much better when it was an Irish pub. Stopped in on. Friday night and nobody was there.
I've been sitting here for 30 minutes and have not been acknowledge. Don't come here.
Good southern country cooking , great prices nice sized portions I had grilled salmon , collard greens, coconut pie delicious .\n.
Awesome Brazilian steakhouse. Food was wonderful, service was spot on, very clean with a great wine list - what else can you ask for?
Oh how I love this rink!!!!! It's a little crowded, however I have fun skating. Nothing feels so good like working out your legs in blistering cold...shiver.....suddenly you warm up and say \"OOOoh!\" I love skating. :D
Worst customer service/ tech support phone system. I called 4 times and got dropped or cut off after being put on hold. Recording tried to upswell me on things I already subscribed too. Very frustrated!  Never could get to tech support to address my problem. Wasted 40 mins of my day and no resolution.
Did this girl really just grab my food with her bare hands? I threw my food out. Disgusting!! Do not eat here!
Came here due to Yelp reviews and the Travel Network.  \n\nVery cramped and not too friendly, but the food makes up for it.  Huge portions of yummy meats, topped with coleslaw and fries on great italian bread.     Very basic menu, but all your typical subs are her.
I've visited twice for cocktails and I gotta say that Nick is definitely a great Bartender... I love good Martinis and he has the gift :-)
Went to lunch today at Pop's Pizza and it was great! I got the veggie pizza and the bf got a meat Stromboli. Both were delicious!
This is a very small Irish pub.  The set up is relatively nice, despite its small size.  However, the location had a poor beer selection when we visited and appeared to be out of at least 3 of their draft selections. For well drinks, my girlfriend typically drinks vodka and cranberry and noted that their pour was very weak on vodka.
Quite possibly the worst-run company on Earth.  Period.
I had to wait 30 minutes for my food and there was only one other couple in the restaurant waiting for their food. They got their food before me and I was first. Interior/bathroom was disgusting and it wasn't worth the wait/money. Never common here again
Fast, delicous, and a nice ending to a great day!
Very Busy, must have patients, thats the result of excellent food, service is a hit and a miss...
Slow service! Didnt really feel like I was a valued guest. I think I would feel better spending my money somewhere else, like the Dennys across the street. Then the waitress double charged our cards.
From MA and this is the first I've heard of it & I loved it! Got the turkey ham club. The avocado I added was good & fresh! Staff was also extremely friendly! will def be back to try another before I head home!
It's so unfortunate that my first time yelping is because of the HORRIBLE experience I had. Everyone was in a bad mood, Rolling their eyes and making snarky comments.  It's really upsetting because the food was amazing, but the customer service I received will insure that I never come back to this location.
This place has long waits, the service sucks, and their food is extremely greasy. Don't go here unless you want to feel sick.
Wow everything I've tried here is super good!  I usually go with something spicy and vegetarian.  They're a little more pricey than other Indian places nearby, but worth a try.
It's diner food - take it for face value.  The burger was ok, the onion strings were not great.
I've booked colors and cuts with Rina several times and she does an excellent job.  She understands modern coloring and cutting techniques and always makes sure we're on the same page before starting a process.\n***Karina has left Regis along with many other talented stylists so I'm revising my rating.
Nifty little hidden sports bar with great service and great owners.. Owner Lisa is always friendly. Food is better than bar fair & atmosphere is nice.  A great local bar.  They even have an indoor putting green!
The queens here are so rude including the fat ugly ones. If you're looking for bottoms and more bottoms, This is the place for you.
I enjoy the atmosphere and how they cook in front of u. It's a very unique experience. I liked the food and drinks. Had no complaints there. I will say the bathrooms looked like they hadn't been cleaned for a few months. There was no paper towels or toilet paper either.
Chinos has not only the best chile relleno's I have ever had in my life but I think it may very well be the best food in the entire Phoenix area!!!
Love this place! Pizza is divine, atmosphere is awesome. Totally recommend the margherita pizza. So fresh, so tasty. Even my kids love this place (we measure most restaurants by how quickly our kids shcoff the fare), so there you have it!
I stopped in to check out the prices on some televisions. They have a lot to choose from, but the prices are better at Costco. They have decent prices on kitchen appliances. I think I will go with Costco.
Great food, great drinks & good service. Nice happy hour prices.\nInteresting atmosphere; would go back again soon
Just another day in a Starbucks coffee shop. Place is nice and comfy. The baristas were friendly too. As for the coffee I got here, it taste just fine for me. Everything was just fine here. Nothing to expect around that could excite me.
Toilet leaked, filthy carpets, had to call for maid service both days we were here, long 45 minute check in. Wonder why Hilton dropped this hotel? Do yourself a favor ang go across the street to Marriott Summerfield suites (?sp) Fail.
Thank you Thank you Thank You\nNew to Apple and was desperately needing help getting my iTunes library accessed....such a novice it was great to have help without feeling stupid!  \nJared was awesome and this place will be the first place I call when I need further help!\nRock On!
I had my daughter's car done and they were amazing!! Very nice and professional. My daughter's car looks awesome! HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! :)
Sorry, but I can't say anything good about this place.
Yet again, you let me down with your terrible customer service, filibertos. Waited in the drive thru for 10 minutes before I had to drive up to the window to have my order taken.  Aaaand I got beans when I said PLEASE, no beans :/
Breakfast was a bust...mediocre food. Bacon was disgusting. I was hoping for more as Gilbert needs more breakfast places but you are much better off sticking with the Farmhouse downtown or on Gilbert (south of Elliott). They both get really busy with long lines but worth it. Very bummed this Cafe was not good.
Last few times we have been, the service has been really slow and the last time we got sick after getting back home. I am not sure what happened to this place. The people/chef's are the same so that can't be it.
Excellent homemade jerky and a good selaction of fresh meat. Good servie. We like to talk to Becky and Ralph.
Disgustingly filthy. Every table was dirty. I saw one food preparer sneeze into her hand, then continued to prepare food without washing her hands.
NoDA is a great brewery with very good beer. Great atmosphere and good prices.
Has really gone downhill in the last few years. Jason's use to be awesome. Food quality and service here has declined dramatically. Still has a great salad bar. Sad to see the decline of a once really good deli.
I would give a zero star if given the chance. These guys are scums.  Try to sell me intake clean and other useless crap.  They also tried to add 30 for labor on a basic oil change. \n\nAVOID at all cost
Our first time here. We will be back.   Order their shakes! I recommend the surf and turf.
We ate at Don Pedro's last night.  I am currently laying on the couch in the fetal position after a full night of food poisoning.  The food was also not very good.  DO NOT GO HERE.
The people here are so friendly! They should name it Friendly John! Anyways, great coffee and smoothie! They always make my day in the morning!
Great western bar in Old Town Scottsdale.  The live music is great, the beer is cold and the service is friendly.
I just saw the new Motley Crue show here.  AWESOME! the layout here is great and you should go with general admission if you can because the seats on the main floor are kind of far back.  Plenty of bar service so the lines are short.  I want to go back!!
Can you say crappy service? They stole $59 from my boba card. Freaking ridiculous. Will never eat here ever again. Waitresses speak broken English and ignores my right too.
Overpriced!!!\nBad service!!!\nThe MOST important thing is the food taste REALLY BAD!!!
Stopped in last Friday to get my favorite cupcakes and they were closed up; signs removed and nothing inside.  I am sad that they went out of business.
My wife and I enjoyed our first visit to Sleepy Dog Pub. The food was very tasty as well as the beer selection.  Fun place, too!  One of the owners came by our table and gave us some good recommendations of what to order.  Thanks,we will return soon.
Wed nite found the place mostly empty.  Drinks good and reasonable.  Food while good/great but pricey...could have thrown in a small salad.  Espresso creme bruGtlee was to die for!
I have never given five stars before.   But, everything was perfect.   Great atmosphere.   Wonderful happy hour.   Great service.   Green chili pork was excellent.     Buttermilk chicken also delicious.      Will be back again and again.
So much better than those pop-up shops you see around town!  CJ has fixed a couple iThingies for me.
Had to wait 20 min for a 1/2 panini that was cold and not as I had ordered it (no tomatoes). I have experienced slow service at paradise bakeries before but this is ridiculous.
Quick and good Food !
Similar to Costa Vida. The new location has brought the crowd so avoid lunch time and dinner if you don't want to wait. The food is salty as others have commented, but I think that is what you get. I have eaten at a couple of their other locations and experienced the same salty dishes.
Good food, decent service,  gravy could have been more spicy, will go back to try a crazy Otto burger
Was craving pizza and this place hit the spot! It wasn't busy at all, answered the phone quickly, spoke clear english. My pizza was perfect, a little thin but that's okay! Next time I may try something else. I'll be returning!
This is a cool place and the inside is pretty nice.\nI will say that the interior is much nicer than any other brewery I have been to.\nThe Pale Ale is Bush League, but the Nut Brown and Hefe were amazing.\n\nThe manager, David, was very knowledgeable.
The menu is small and the restaurant isn't the fanciest, but the food was decent and the price was extremely low. Good choice for a quick lunch/dinner.
OK food, humus was delicious and the falafels were good we were a group of 10, we ordered several platters. While the service left us perplexed, we definitely will not go back to avoid such lousy service! Unbelievably rude!
Great facilities and lots of parking.  The Gateway Loop trail was moderately challenging and offered some great views.  Busy on the weekend but thinned out a mile into the trail.
Very good, outdoor seating is very nice!
A little pricey of course since it's on the strip inside Paris casino. The pastries is what you come here for, nice fancy desserts that are as good as they look. The water the sandwiches etc are way over priced a bottle of water $3.50 really.
I love eating anywhere where the family looks like they eat way too much of their own food! Great Italian dishes and even better desserts. Try the cream cheese cookies!\n\nAlso, they are currently on Restaurant.com so it is a bargain to go and have a great meal!
not good at all!!!! bad service. bad food. this is the place to go to when you want to show servers in training what not to do. never going back. not worth it.
Trying something new and couldn't believe how good the food and service is. Family oriented business and recommend this place to everyone. Definitely a must try.
This is not my \"Nanas\" cooking. Every review is correct the food sucks. I used to work in that area, my co-workers and I would always settle for the mexican grill next to subway.
Sometimes I get lucky and find something. But personally I never find anything at any of these thrift shops but friends I go with always find something good.
Seemed scary on the previews but really wasn't and I am a major scardy cat!!! Its really hot in the building. I had my moments of being scared but not that scary. The layout was cool. Overall my friends and I had a good time.
Awesome restaurant!
Dinner was great!! Baby spinach salad with warm bacon salad was probably my favorite. I got the filet and my husband got the ribeye. Both were delicious...however, I hate to say it but my favorite steakhouse is still Ruth's Chris. Don't get me wrong though, this place is worth going to!
Extensive beer selection and laid back spot.
Cream cheese skimp alert!! We pay ~$7 per smoked salmon bagel and they put the cream cheese on like people butter their toast. They have no clue what the word \"toasted\" means. It really is just warming the bagel. The lox bagels are not even made open face. Not going back again.
I like patronizing the smaller family owned establishments rather than the bigger names like Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts.  I'm not big on donuts, however, stop into Coco Donuts for their croissants. They're a generous size and best in the morning when fresh.  Fast and friendly service.  Thanks!
----------------------
You can find everything you need here, but you will probably have to find it yourself. After a few misguided adventures, I settled on a smaller local plumbing store. Home Depot is definitely convenient, but the customer service is lacking.
One of my favorites. Downside, usually a wait but not too long and worth it! It's like eating at grandmas for breakfast, (if she is a good cook), always enjoyed the food staff is very friendly and polite. Prices are extremely reasonable. Their coffee is great too! I love this place!
Went here after finding it on yelp and it was everything people said. Cheap, Fast and friendly. Wish i could say the same about the DMV!, I Live in the far south anthem area but made the trip to this place. Id rather support a local business than those huge chains.
Awesome huge slices of New York style pizza.  Perfect amound of sauce and cheese on a chewy & crisp crust.  Pizza came out hot and fresh!  Staff was happy and accommodating.  Bing bang for your buck!
Dont bother. Lousy service & lousy hamburgers.
Pompous manager hung up on me twice (!) when I called to ask about wait times.  Have never boycotted a restaurant until now.  Mediocre crepes don't entitle that sort of bush league behavior!
Service.....excellent\nFood.....excellent.  What more can you ask for. High quality fresh ingredients made to order. No funny looking chicken parts here. Support local and eat here.
On vacation, found this place.  Great food, huge portions.   I'd return any time.
This is probably the best mall in Las Vegas ! \nIt has a wide stores selection and great prices.\nThey have an amazing restaurants and great women's care places. This is my favorite mall.
Not the worst, not the best.  It's a decent place to catch a game.  I guess I'd go back if I was a Giants fan.
Service was good but forth isn't worth the price point
My fav.  The most consistant.  Bad parking and drive-thru congestion, but still my fav location for service.
This place kicks Candinas' ass by a long shot. Granted, you have to like dark chocolate, complex flavors, and high quality. If you don't value these qualities, go up to the capitol and get some super-sugary nonsense.
It is my favorite place to be. I love it. The interior design is magnificent. I love the indoor boat ride!. love everything about it. im in love with venetian.
I need a bigger stomach to make this more worthwhile. They have a great selection.
Awesome pizza and very nice people!  Glad I ordered from them! Will be returning. I also had the steak hoagie, was delicious!
Yelpers I agree. The format of the buffet line is very confusing. It gets packed in here at certain times. The food is great! I personally cannot cook most of these dishes. I'm not really the best judge for taste. All I know is that the food taste good to me.
This office is amazing.  The front office staff is on the ball.  Physicians are great.  Almost no wait time.  I wish my primary care office was this good.
Not as good as Boiling Crab, but great food nonetheless.
Very fresh and Fast service.The Pho broth is perfect.The food is clean and the place is clean.What best you can expect from all Pho or Vietnamese restaurant.The only thing that did not get 5 star from me is the ambiance.Yes for restaurant is count.
So the first time we visited Premier it was literally a place to sleep. It smelled and was hot when we got to our room. On the second round it was actually a decent place to stay. Still only used it to go to concert at Pavillion and not have to can it all the way home.
Boy have they improved since they opened!  I just met a friend here for brunch this morning and it was great. We both had mimosas which were excellent and I had some egg white omelet loaded with fresh veggies. I'm proud to have this great restaurant right in my hood!
I came here for lunch. The service was good, everyone was nice. I LOVE mexican food, and this meal was just ok, maybe I ordered wrong! I've had better, but I have had a lot of Mexican food...
I enjoyed this show a lot even though I'm not into musicals, am decades younger than their core audience, and don't know most of the Four Seasons songs. I think pretty much anyone over 25 would enjoy it.
Very nice for vegetarians.  Little expensive bit great for special occasions.  Loved their fries.
Love this place a lil pricey though so I go during lunch or happy hr.  Super fresh ingredients!  Love the shrimp tacos juicy and flavorful.  Quest is great, fresh lime juice in margarita.  Chimi is huge.
bad service on Saturday except  afternoon, receptionist didnt want us to sit at a couch, no reason, we sat at one anyway. Ordered brushetta  wasnt great just good. Between bad service and food, we left after a glass of wine
Right next to my work. Fast and friendly service. Great tasting breakfast. Long line on weekends.
Got my nails done today. The experience was ok everyone was extremely friendly but the job was terrible. They left stuff all over my hands. Every nail was uneven or had bumps. I have been a couple times before thinking oh next time it will be better but it just seems to get worst. I will not be going back anymore
Fine for what you pay, a fast food joint would cost more, there is an old guy Albert that goes here every day. The place is basically Country Kitchen buffet for the senior citizen locals. Since most tourists would never even go to Boulder Highway.
Normally I'm a big fan of BJ's Restaurant, but tonight... Slow and somewhat inattentive staff.  After a 45 minute wait, we were seated, but it took another 10 minutes just to get our waters, which Michael (our waiter) spilled on the table.  We walked out after that.
Food and beer here are amazing.  I live downtown and try my hardest not to go here all the time since I want to try other spots. The service is pretty good even when busy and they have a TV so I can watch some games.
This company is brutal!  Brutal service, and products relative to the competition. \n\nDo not sign a contract with these guys it is a nightmare to get out of and it is super long term.
My husband and I shared the Kung Pao chicken and the portion was a perfect size. The flavor of the chicken was wonderful, spicy yet tangy. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was for airport food. \n\nThe staff seemed like a bunch of zombies but they were really nice and attentive.
$12 for two tacos and a courtesy glass of water in a walk up order line.\nNice interior and tasty fast food but small portions which makes it not so great of a value
I had an excellent ice cream soda and a great sandwich for lunch. The decor/seating was excellent. I felt like i went back in time just walking in. The food and staff were tops! Highly recommended!
i wanted to like this.\ni really wanted to like this.
It was fine, but nothing special.  The food was good, the staff was nice.  I was just hoping for a little more pizzazz or something special to set them apart from all the other sandwich shops.\n\nI won't seek this place out, but if someone else wants to meet there I won't say no.
Absolutely the worst service I've ever seen. We waited for a half hour before grabbing a waitress.
$1.95 tacos on Tuesdays.  The price seems to just keep going up for Taco Tuesday.
They took part of France and plopped it in the middle of Vegas..including the very blue sky with wispy clouds that almost seemed to move as you made your way through streets of Paris. Lots of shops and typical mall prices.
Cannot say enough about these two guys!  Not only are their exotic artisan chocolates truly magnificent, but their customer service and attention to details is superb!  Grab a few, a box or more of the chocolates, or a macaroon and some wine or coffee and delight!
--Good coffee\n\n--Good prices\n\n--Friendly staff.\n\n--Nice, comfy decor.\n\n--Easy parking.
I had dinner and drinks there tonight with friends. I had the ahi tuna which was very good and everyone seemed to enjoy their meals as well. The cosmopolitans were fabulous. The only downside was that they had the bar window wide open and it was freezing in the restaurant tonight.  $100 for the 3 off us.
I need to come back and try another entree.  This is a good Thai restaurant.   All the cab drivers know how to good to it and it was easy getting a cab back to the strip.  The shopping center is fine or average.
This Place is clean and the food is hella bomb. The chashu is the best. I'm definitely coming back next time.
Airport is nice, but getting here from Sedona was not fun. Gps took us to some private airport and we missed our flight. Don.\"t trust your GPS
Uneven hummus but consistently tasty yogurt sauce and DELICIOUS fresh-baked bread (that, I have noticed, they tend to run out of toward the end of the day -- so be quick with it!)
I love this place. The food is great and SUPER healthy. They have tons of vegan and gluten free options. Its great this time of year when you can sit outside and eat.
love this place love Sara
Today was my first time shopping here. The staff was super friendly. Store was clean and well organized, and fair prices. They will have me as a return customers next time I shop.
This used to be my favorite sushi restaurant for 5 years or more. The last time I was there, service was very disappointing. They took my business for granted as far as I'm concerned and I will never go back!!!
Wow they need a few extra people staffed at lunch time
If you work hard and you are really hungry don't go to this place, for over 10 bucks you will get much more in some other places, half spoon serve, over price burritos and nachos.
My previous review was for Carle Hospital. Not sure how it showed up here. Please fix.
Worst dry cleaners EVER.  \n\nNot only do they do an incredibly poor job on the clothes, but the staff are particularly nasty and rude.  The kids who work there are fine, but the older ladies are just plain miserable.  I would rather spend more money someplace else than go back to this hell hole.
Super expensive, spent 800 dollars for 4 people, but it's worth it. Best Japanese food ever.
11$ for a spicy tuna roll .... During happy hour ... That's all I have to say ... I can go across the street for 25$ all you can eat
An absolutely fantastic \"mall area\" south of Mandalay Bay on the strip.  Lots of eating, shopping, and movies to choose from.  Very new feeling and nice atmosphere.  It's very \"town-like\".
I spent 3 nights at Luxor this past weekend.  I found the hotel to be showing its age.  The elevators were down right shabby.  The rooms were ok.  When are you going to get rid of smoking inside.
Go elsewhere.
Just got here for a 5:50 movie on a Saturday night. All the seats and isles are full of trash. It's the way a theater is after a show, not before one. At over $10 per ticket I expect to not trip over garbage.
Can't wait to go here again. Had the shrimp po-boy and some homemade banana pudding. I'll write more as I try different things on the menu, but what I did have was delicious.
Ordered Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese and the sage fried chicken.  Huge serving!!! It's best to share it with a group.
They leave coupons on my door all the time. I called to order one day and they said the delivery costs extra because I live far away. I'm only 6 streets down!
The french toast alone is worth the trip to the strip. The steak frites is not too shabby either!
Nothing special about this hotel. The rooms are standard. This is 2-stars as compared to other strip hotels. It's most certainly better than normal hotels in all respects.\nGentlemen, there is no security at the elevator shafts.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. They have nurses on drugs walking around in a zombi like state. nurses that have been in drug rehab several times an handing out patient meds. ......This place is run bad.
Outdated. Dirty. Bad food.
Last two times there- DREADFUL   NEW ownership is sinking the ship, especially since congenial manager, Kevin, resigned
The food might be good... But I would appreciate if the man at the cash were better mannered with customers... He seems to think he is doing charity by accepting credit cards instead of cash..\nGo to this place if you don't mind being treated rudely by the owner..
I usually get the Pad Thai and spring rolls. The soups are fantastic and quite authentic but are huge portions. Not the prettiest setting but definitely some of the more authentic Thai food in the Phoenix area.
The duo of live entertainment in the evenings here is hysterical.  Two guys playing funny songs really gets the crowd involved.  Downside : no prices listed on the drink menu .... overall a fun time.
Ya, it's that good! I don't really know how healthy it is, especially after adding \"toppings\" to the stuff, but who cares. The best!
It was pretty good. Quality of the meat could have been better
went here today for lunch. i love California pizza but for some reason i was not feeling it today. not only was the service was bad but they also sat me in a bad place (too small table)  and to top it off now my stomach hurts:/
Good, not great food, friendly staff, overpriced. Had the burger with brisket, and Mac and cheese, and a beer. Everything was competent, just not worth the $22. tab.
what a joke of a nightclub. they dont know how to work their line(s) at all in the front and once you finally get in you there isnt even room to dance let alone move. terrible guy-girl ratio too.
BAD BAD BAD!!! Need I honestly say more?? Bad service and bad wings!! What else would I go for?!?!? Wings taste like the Kroger brand hot sauce. Do yourself a favor and go to Native New Yorker.
Friendly service and fantastic food.  I also highly recommend their desserts!   You will not go home hungry.
I had the Carnitas burrito. It was hands-down the worst Carnitas burrito I've ever had in my life.\nMaybe everything else tastes pretty good but that was disgusting.
Good for drinks. The food is just so so and over priced.
Just opened up by St. Rose, San Martin hospital. They share space w/ Subway. I got 2 donuts, both very dry. Were they made yesterday? And they left a weird aftertaste in my mouth (no jokes please) that I could still taste 6 hours later. wtf.
A little pricey but well worth it. I got the Sicilian pizza with pepperoni and it seriously has to be one of the best pizzas I've ever had the pleasure of devouring.
Bacon wrapped dates. Period. Get them!\n\nI lived in NOLA for almost three years and this place is better than any creole restaurant there. You'll pay for it but you get what you pay for.
Great place for kids...Good food. Good service. Not a chain fan, but this place is worth it.
Food: 4/5\nService: 3/5\nCleanliness: 4/5\nDecor & Style: 3/5\n\nThe best part about this place is that you can eat Dim Sum anytime of the day! Overall good typical Dim Sum place with lots of space.
It's Fry's.  Nothing special.  Not like the one on Tatum (which is very upscale).\n\nGood produce, good variety, reasonable prices.  What you expect from Fry's.
No taro flavor, but 4 kinds of vanilla...wtf?  It's like I'm in Arizona or something...
Gave this place a shot a few times still don't find anything special about it. Plus its over priced and there very stingy on there sour cream, my salad with extra sour cream was around $13 so not worth it that not including a drink. I would rather go to Chipotle any day.
don't go here. why would you? it makes your body feel like it's been hit by a dumptruck, la fiesta will make you run to la bathroom. don't. don't. don't. (especially combo #8)
I'll be short here.........Ummm NO.  As most people quote, yah the decor is nice...Well guess who's paying for that?  The consumer hence the overpriced drinks...Guess the concept works its always packed...
They're all ok & similar cuz where else are u going to go if you need a hedge trimmer or paint or weed killer?
I'm a husband who fetches stuff for his wife from both of their stores.\n\nConsidering what I would have to drop for some of this stuff new, I am greatly appreciative of this place.  They also have lots of cool jewelry stuff.\n\nNice & friendly staff.
Luiz has great customer service. His team got our once soiled carpet very clean. Highly recommended.
I wish I could eat at Mon Ami Gabi every day! I absolutely adore food, service and atmosphere there.
Best customer service I've had in years!!! left with a crazy deal on phones and took care of all my questions. There is no one else better.
Way way overrated with terrible service.\nReserved a daybed for $2500 and they tried to \"double due to demand\"!\nCrowd was ok, I won't be going back.
A lot of stuff here of pretty pricey, but the bulk section is amazing. Good selection and good prices, especially considering that everything is organic and/or local.
Did not love it but would like to go back and try something else
I ordered an S&W MP15 and and AK and had it delivered to pick up from here. All went well and quickly. Will use again
Supposed to be a fairly new hotel but you can see the chipped glass doors and dirty carpet by the entrance.
Went in ordered a pizza. Waiter asked me if I wanted garlic, I said sure. Got the bill $2.00 added to the bill, Pathetic, -  pizza was very average - Sande s.
This place sucks! Don't go here. The Sfogliatelle are horrible and the rest is substandard! The staff was extremely non accommodating to our simple request to add maraschino cherries to the ends if our sons overly sweetened cannoli!
I got the Penang curry and have to say the food is mediocre at best. The chicken is of low quality and it shows
Marginal food. Noodles came luke warm. Chili dipping sauce for twice fried chicken tasted like rooster sauce with fresh squeeze line. Wagu steak was tough. A disappointment. However, the service was at par. Overall, I felt I picked the wrong restaurant during my stay in Vegas.
Love this place! I've been coming here for almost a year, and I wouldn't go anywhere else. I usually get a gel manicure, and they do a much better job than some of the other places I've been to. They always do a great job, prices are reasonable, and everyone is really friendly.
I tried their tika masala.  BLAND!  So I added some of the hot sauce to make it more edible.  I don't think I'll go back..
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. It has amazing food for the price. \n\nI am also weary writing this review because I don't want that many people to know about it.
Can't beat this place. It's local, it's open 24/7, reasonably priced, no contracts, the owners are really great.\n\nIt feels like it's your own personal gym not some corporate monster. Everything you really need without the normal franchise fluff\n\nRobert Pfeifer
One of my favorite places in vegas. Great beer, wonderfully authentic ambiance, and a killer corn beef sandwich. \n\nTry to snag a table with the Guinness/Harp taps built in.
Portions seem either to small or to large. There is very limited space within the diner. This is more of an order and pick up place.
Splendid Castle views... \nInstitution of new town...\nLove the tram project...
The greek salad is very good! It will run you about 9 bucks if you want chicken on it, you do get alot for your money though!it also comes with some amazing pita bread i love to dip into my leftover dressing!
I've eaten here twice and so far the food has been consistently good. I had a Cobb Salad and it was delicious! I am really big on customer service and this place has been great both times. It's conveniently located downtown and easily accessible. I look forward to trying this place out for dinner.
I was pleasantly surprised by how nice this hotel was for how little I paid on a Saturday night (around $70 total). The room was nice, and the bed was comfortable...I could tell they did some upgrades because everything looked new.
I don't usually review chains, but $8 hot n ready deep dish pizza is seriously good. And only $8!\nDemand was so high on a Thursday night that they kept running out - the stuff coming out of the oven was literally hot and ready!
This is my boyfriend and I's go-to sushi place. Parking is easy, service is friendly and their sushi is yummy.
I love the subs here and the customer service can't be beat. I used to work here before I left for the Marines and Gary always hooks me up when I come home. Great food and even better service will always keep coming back.
Prices have increased severely.  Service has decreased.  Food not as high quality as I was used to.  I still like this restaurant, but they do need to improve to their former standards..
The buffet here is not so great.\nThe price is cheap for one, but the food has no flavor.\nIt will work if your hung over and need some grub, but i've had better.
My girlfriend had been going here for over a year so I decided to stop in and give it a try. What I quickly discovered was that Kabob Grill has one of the best chicken kabobs i've ever had the pleasure of stuffing in my face, thanks guys!
Food was cold and undercooked and an employee used the restroom and didn't wash their hands.  First time having a bad experience at this establishment.  Wasn't servers fault the foo was cold it was the expeditors fault.
Cant wait to come back! The baby loved it here! plenty of toys! Safe play area! Seats for the parents who dont turn kid and play along, i think it even has wifi. One the coolest baby sleepers Ive ever seeeen! like something from Portal. Go and you'll see it!
Walked around for a while and found Jason's deli.  Place was clean and I tried their reuben sandwich today.  I give the Reuben 4 stars for taste.
I love this place, eaten here two days In a row. The Belgian fries are fantastic....however, the servers were a bit unorganized, went through 3 people before I could even get a water. Other than that, great food, polite waiters.
WOW!!! This place is AMAZING, has thee best breakfast I have ever had. Nice big portions and great food. Yummy!!!  I have been here twice now oh and did I say amazing!!! I think they should have a 6 star. Delicious.
Horrible. Don't eat here. I had the curry chicken. It was fried and made with dark meat. Curry sauce was not good either. Kind of dirty inside the restaurant, very outdated. Seems like the workers are lazy.
Best indoor climbing in Arizona!! Love the people, the staff, the route setters...it is all good at this place!
The food was decent. They charge for chips and salsa! And while the  margaritas taste good, there's barely any alcohol in them. The steak fajitas were 20 bucks and barely had enough beef for 3 roll ups. The scenery was great tho, just a shame that the juice is not worth the squeeze.
Nothing bad to say. If you love Chipotle you will just be happy eating here. It's a nice location and the food is always good. I started eating Chipotle when they opened in Colorado before they were a chain. This location is on par with the original. Go eat and enjoy a burrito the size of your head!
Stopped here for a quick bite before show.  The place was very crowded but seats by the bar area open.  The food was excellent - seabass and asparagus appetizer.  Great atmosphere, by far a better experience than Japonaise!
Customer Service was horrible, would assume its from Lack of management! It's just a Giant Food 4 Less. I still recommend Walmart!
Another dinner date with the mom & of course we ate at #1 Brothers Pizza duh. I love how when we go in the other customers are ranting and raving about how fabulous everything is. Oh and I managed to remember to take a few pics of the great food and some of the awesome workers.
Decent food, big prices. Ran out of coffee at breakfast just as I arrived at the register, which was the only reason I stood in line for 20 minutes.
A little piece of French Awesome in the South (BTW - I usually never use those two words in a sentence together). The best soup in the city and a great place to hang with friends or go read a book alone. \n\nOui Oui is all I can say!
Asssssssssss hole a fucken chiken eyes was a funken chiken eyes that she was so rude  Marie k. an asian eye lady was so rude she was supo sly that manager n she doesn't deserve that spot she should be fired because she can't be a manager
Good food, not great. They mean SMALL when ordering a small salad. Couldn't have been more than two lettuce leaves ripped up on a small saucer. Garlic knots were yummy :-)
Steve's has a great selection (who knew there was a Hebrew beer?), their location for west-siders working downtown is ideal, and their staff will give you the time they have to get to know you and help you make the right purchase.
got in for free. would never pay to party here.\n\neveryone there had a \"table\".\n\ni can't believe they paid for it.\n\nthe drinks were strong, the decor is nice, the music is okay. i can't imagine spending hours here.
It was okay I heard so many good reviews and so I wanted to come and see for myself \nI got the snickers flapjack with biscuits and sausage gravy they were okay nothing amazing though I've definitely had better in my hometown so I was not impressed \n\nOur waiter was great very helpful
great little spot @ container park! chicken taco and steak tacos were good! =) had the mexican corn on the cob and it was yummy!
Tried this place for lunch-- good stuff (authentic-- no one spoke English!) but tacos were not as good as Los Gemelos or Taqueria el Jalapeno.  The baked items looked awesome... wish I still had the metabolism of my younger self...
h\u00e4tte mir mehr kundenservice gew\u00fcnscht
Really really good love the salad bar the best ever they have everything you would ever want love this place!
My suggestion to anyone looking for a venue DO NOT give your money to these people.  They no longer have a spot on 8826 Eastern.  They are still taking money from people under false pretense.  SCAM ARTIST is all Rebecca is.  She is not to be trusted.
I order from this place quite often and the wings are good but there service is not.  the last 3 times i ordered from here, they were almost 30 minutes late and the wings were barely warm.  hardly seems worth the money when they deliver food that tastes like its been sitting for a while
Great service ! Our server: Arianna  was super polite and friendly! Our drinks were on the table ASAP. Food came out fast. Cute place to have breakfast. Food was good. Location not bad. I would come in again.
Mums--So fun!!!!! Great food. Great service. A lovely dry wit waitress. Made us laugh loads. Left us to ourselves.  The wine was divine. I ended up having two \"holiday\" size. Large :). Can't wait to go again!!!
The food was heavy, americanized \"Mexican\" food.  Authentic mexican food is so fresh and this was far from fresh.  The prices were very high for such low quality.  Al pastor was soggy and unrecognizable and quesadillas were fried masa.
I have been here about 5 times. Every time I go, they do a great service. The staff is always helpful and create a great atmosphere. Defiantly worth the $$$$.
Capistami Sandwich all the way!  YUM!\n\nThere's also a elvis look alike that works here - very entertaining.\n\nKicked back atmosphere inside.  Local magazines to browse while you wait to take out or eat at their bar.  (no alcohol served here though).
It's worth the wait for sure, you can get a cut like this for the money anywhere. E my barber is flying to Portland to do my hair for me at my wedding. (Cedric is amazing also, to bad he retired.) But they take their time and never rush.
If you're looking for cheap, Americanized Chinese food this is it.  Tasty and quick.  Can't go wrong.  I recommend Szechuan Bean Curd with fried rice.
This place is well organized, great for the kids, great for the parents and any of the family that would like to show up to the huge glass window show of cuteness.
Its a cool old school spot great for kids and family
Waited an hour for my takeout order of sushi. The food was bad. Completely tasteless, poorly prepared, and had a bad texture. Wasabi was also missing, which made the whole situation worse, even after I confirmed with them that wasabi was definitely in the bag. Don't go here.
A necessary evil in the realm of electronics. Service is so spotty - a few nice salesclerks but a lot who are either incompetent or pushy. Always good to know just what you want when you go in.
This was my second trip to this location and I noticed their salad bar had fewer items from before.  It was still very good but am disappointed that they seemed to have eliminated some items. I am not a big meat eater and came for the salad bar so I noticed these things. It was still really really good however.
Yuck, yuck, yuck! I can not stand Arribas!  My boyfriend likes to ask me if I want to go there because he knows I can not stand it!  I am a Cien Agaves and Macayos fan all the way! Giving 2 stars, is being nice!
Been here before several times. Did it's usual ok. Came tonight, (don't come for dinner). It's like the whole state of Minnesota is here. The food didn't taste that great this time either. Sushi rice was dry. Tea tasted like water. Not happy.
The food is a joke.  I can understand if you like the atmosphere, but let's all get serious about the food.
Nothing really stood out for me eating here except for the price of $45 per person.\n\nPros: prime rib, king crab, braised lamb\nCons: everything else was mediocre, crepe was very disappointing (drenched in sauce. i.e. soggy), price
Good time for everyone.
Chocolate Sea Sale...hands down best popsicle I have ever had.  And being a graphic designer I can appreciate their super cute branding.  \n\nIf you ever see one of their carts on the side of the road, do yourself a favor and pull over to pick up a pop.
It's really expensive for as bad as it is. The egg drop soup is straight bland. My general Tso's was terrible it tasted like they fried it in BBQ sauce and my wifes sesame chicken was covered in honey sauce. Gross
Great service and amazing food
Great food, good service. Crowded due to popularity, so not as intimate as desired.  Not the choice for a quick meal or dessert, but would be great for leisurely dining and dessert in the evening with friends.
Forgot these guys. Corporate BS. The girl on the phone didnt tell me the price over the phone so i made the trip thinking im paying under nine dollars for my pizza and its 7-8 dollars extra for veggies. I don't think so! And then the non helpful manager without a nametag said im basically screwed.
While the food is good, it is costly and incredibly slow.  Don't try to use the Yelp! coupon as they have found an excuse on 3 different occassions to not honor it.  When questioned about this the manager becomes indifferent and even suggested I call the F&B director.
Took almost 45 mins for a oil change (they told me 20 mins when I got there) and it cost something like that as well...  Slow and expensive, not 2 things I like associated with my lube jobs.
Anthony and Kim are awesome. Even when they were at another salon that I went to for about 8 years, I would only let those two work on my nails. Anthony and Kim are professional, CLEAN, energetic and have a great sense of humor. If I could give them 10 starts I would.
I ordered 50 wings to go b/c we were heading back to San Diego.  They were hot, but they tasted only ok.  I've had better at other Hooters.
The customer service at this particular Walgreens is horrendous - from both the checkout counter to the pharmacy.  Never have I experienced such a lackluster attitude towards customers.  I'm generally a fan of Walgreens but I will drive the extra mile to avoid this particular Walgreens.
I visit olive garden regularly and this one has terrible service. Food was just fine but the wait staff was one of the worst.
Also the best experience since I have been in Phoenix.
Hooters degrades us.\nTheir use of big breasts is gross.\nI go for the wings.
The drive thru can be lengthy at times but they are 98% accurate and always friendly!!!
Excellent! I've been the Golden Steer many times this place is right up there.  Great steaks! Big portions-great taste-excellent Malbec & service.  They treated us like kings!  Nice ambience and no crowds. Check it out before the Firefly bunch tires of health inspection raids.
Dirty bar that needs a rescue. Ordered drinks and served wrong drink and forgot 1/3 of the order then didn't finish the order. What a dump. I recommend finding a better dive bar.
A very different twist on ice cream!  Many different flavors and a must when it's hot out!
We saw the $6 happy hour food specials and decided to venture in. Sat down and about 10 minutes later, no one had even come over to greet us, let alone take our orders... We left and went somewhere better.
Market bistro is basically Sauce with better sandwiches and worse pizza. But I like the location and the shorter lines, if that really matters.
Fucking sucks
I had to come here about 8 pm on a weeknight last week:\n- To pick up solder, 1/2 inch threadless water valve and flux.\n- First employee approached said he'll call for a plumb
Best running store in PHX. So glad your back Lance!!!
This Starbucks has a huge sign stating it now serves breakfast. After waiting in line for 10 minutes on 2 occasions, I was told \"the delivery didn't arrive\". They simply advertise something they never have.....
I was totally blown away by the food.  Extremely creative and fresh food, wonderful service, and a sinful ice cream-espresso-whisky affogato.
Best milkshake ever.  Take the dark one.  The milk version taste funny.\n\nBest hot chocolate.  Take traditional and dark yummy!
5 stars for showing up on time with the crew!  Zero stars for not giving me the estimate I asked for several times. This was strange because they were extremely responsive initially.  I had quite a bit of landscaping work and ongoing maintenance to do in my backyard.
The owner was really nice and we just got the free cookie which was rather delicious!! Would like to try the ice cream sandwiches next time.
Guacamole is awesome, other food is great!  Drinks are fun and delicious.  Great atmosphere!  LOVE this place!
Same ol' Station Casino buffet if you consider price and selection. \n\nI like gathering a plate full of cold shrimp, garlic, onions, green onions and having them saute it with their red chili paste. These simple ingredients along with their seasoned grill makes it tasty and soooo good.
I bought this expensive food for my family, and it was the worst. We all got sick, I don't think anything was fresh. The chef made the food in 2min everything was cold and I live just across the street.
I own the Andrew Leo Hair Salon on Walnut St. and we have a new arrangement in the salon every week. Everyone loves each new arrangement. We never know what we're getting, but have really enjoyed having a fresh and artistic floral touch. And oh the candles they make are absolutely wonderful.
Looks like a cool place (a lot bigger than it looks on the outside) with a pretty big menu.  Food was pretty average and coffee was as well.\n\nService was really friendly though.
Blah! Sorry I wasted my time dining here. I was recommended here by someone saying they have the best steak. The steak was dry and I have had better at black angus. The service was poor. It took at least an hour to get our food. I wouldnt go back, even if it was free.
Soooooooo good. we love the French cafe style of Mimi's always good fresh food. We've always had pretty great service prices reasonable. The Cobb salad and muffin combo is like sex! :-)
Food was awesome! Chicken kabob was seasoned to perfection and the hummas was delicious. Will definitely come back soon.
Not as good as it used to be.  I used to go there regularly when it first opened and always enjoyed it.  Tried it a couple of times over the last year and have been dissappointed each time.
Terrible customer service-We come here for lunch for protein shakes and today they will not take our money and let us get a drink.  They should at least be consistent. And another reason we are not members here-too crowded and not much training going on. It's like a nightclub.
Best chicken parm in town.
Great new restaurant in the PV area. Been there a total of three times, each time extremely enjoyable. Food and service very good.
I love this place.  My go to has always been the hummus and the mac and cheese.  However my fianc\u00e9e and I tried the pizza for the first time on Friday and Wow now it's my favorite thing.   Yum is all I have to say for everything so far :-)
Yelp's restaurant timings is incorrect. We went on a Saturday night at 10pm assuming it is open till 12 (as mentioned on yelp). The person there said they have only half of appetizers menu and nothing else!!\n\nPlease call them before going here.
Really a great place!  All the food and pastries look and taste high quality. So far my favorite are their cream filled pastries with a cup of coffee. Can't wait to try other items.
Pure and simple heavenly delicious! A must every single time we are in Vegas!
Oh EM GEEEE, I absoluetly love Citizen! I have had so many dishes here and I love that they're open for late night dinning. The chopped salad is the best in the world!
Herb Box is a cool place to hang out on their deck. We had sauvignon blanc, before heading to San Diego. It's cute inside, but the real fun is eating outside.
Food was great, except for the desert.  We shared the tres leches and didn't care for it.  Bacon wrapped filet and chicken were great, sausage is awesome as well.
Rude, inconsiderate owners who have no business dealing with the public.
It's a bit rough here to say the least!
It's basically not worth the long waiting. It took me almost 90 min to get a table. The quality of food is less than average.
Oh how I wish I could leave 0 stars, because this joint deserves it.
I love this place. It's like being in your neighbors home. I love Letty - she always table touches and remembers each guest. I really love an owner who cares. And that
I love this place our waitress Sara Jane was awesome I will be coming back.
Food was Pretty good, beer was cold but service was shitty at best.
Stopped in to check out the store for the first time, and was extremely impressed. All of the display aquariums were spotless and esthetically pleasing to the eye. Staff was very friendly and available for help. The selection of livestock was large, very health, and well maintained! Entirely an excellent experience!
I had a great time at Mandalay Bay! Like most of the hotels in Vegas... they pretty much have everything in it so you don't have to ever leave. SMART!
This hotel was beautiful...check in was unorganized ... And they claim to have late nite room service... But really what it is basically vending machine food ... Egh we were not happy eating a cold sandwich which cost us $30 after wanting to order something nice and delish late night!
Was looking for Chinese buffet, and Siri led us here (NOT a Chinese buffet).  We stayed anyway and were not disappointed.  They have outstanding food - and good Chinese food is hard to come by.  We will definitely go back!
Love this place. One of my favorite local spots. Good music, great food, some of the best martinis (cucumber martini is my fav) awesome happy hour with half off martinis and discounted food. Outdoor patio with misters to keep everyone cool in the summer.
They had a ladies night here a few weeks back. A male review. The facility is old and needs to be re done. \nLike the first reviewer it definitely has a smell. I'm not sure of balls and ashtray but its something alright. I'll pass on the next event they offer here.
Great happy hour place. They have a unique menu with kangaroo meat in there. The service is great and they take wonderful care of you. Everyone was super friendly. I got the fish tacos and it was good and cheap. I doubt I will come back though.
I was going to give this place a 4 or 5 until I read conrads review!\n\nEverything looked beautiful and great quality but I guess beware...\n\nEverything was super-cheap/on sale this week, go bad economy!
This is a good little place to eat when you're craving some of that home style food from New Mexico. They have good heat chile dishes and their salsa is decent. Try the margarita flight to see what flavor you like best.
How was it? I don't know! Parking was a mess the Friday afternoon we tried to experience this place for the first time. Parking attendants weren't of much help stating that they had no more spots available.  We'll be shure to try another time - stay tune! Cheers***
This place is awesome.  The sashimi platter is the best in the city (for the following reasons:  price, variety of fish and presentation).  The service is great.  Chef John always takes the time to  walk around the restaurant and talk with customers.  When I get the craving for fish and sushi I always think Soho first.
I enjoy coming to this mall mainly for the kids play area. Its not as crowded or rundown as some of the other ones. The shops are typical mall shops. A little too pricey for me. I do enjoy the food court and the selection they have.
Amazing Margarita pizza.
Absolute worst service experience EVER. My boyfriend and I went in and sat in the bar and waited for 15 minutes and were ignored. We then politely asked the hostess if we could sit in the dining room instead due to not being able to get service in the bar. We waited for another ten minutes at another table and finally left.
The room was gorgeous, the area super clean, the swimmingpool nice.\nThe only problem was that in rosee to have breakfast you should go to Aria's!
Good food, friendly staff. Great happy hour. Really like this place. I'm here for unfortunate times but really like this place.
very nice staff, great wine selection, and incredible food.\n\nhave been going there for 5 years, have had one bad experience out of 40.
My husband and I LOVE the spicy chicken bowl here. We could eat this clean low calorie food every single day. The chicken thigh pieces are a combination of crispy, salty and sweet on a bed of sticky brown rice and a side of perfectly steamed crunchy broccoli. Yum
Best fried catfish evvveeerr!!!
Waste of money...drinks are pitiful. Bartender was a dick.  I'll never attend another Minus5 establishment nor recommend the \"experience\" to anyone.  I want a full refund.
Best place to stay downtown! It has easy access to the Fremont Street Experience and an AWESOME shark tank pool. We paid extra to get into the pool upstairs for adults which was a great place to chill. Our room was tidy as usual and the staff was courteous.
Love the tapas idea here! And their cocktails are out if this world!
Overrated. Dogs were small and overpriced. Also they used cheese whiz on the dogs.
I guess you really have to be a Michael Fan in order to endure this program. I got through it, however \"Rock With Me\" was the last Jackson song, I really liked, after that he went very weird?
After reading your reviews I'm glad I don't live there.  Just to note: False advertising... there are no apartments at $677.  And what is up with the mooch fees.  Geez
Great job! Efficient, courteous, and a fair price!
With a name like this had to stop for a slice.  Tasty.
The staff are rude and abrasive, service us terrible. Rooms are substandard. There are a hundred other ways to waste your money in Vegas- don't do it by getting a room here.
Overpriced for the quality and quantity.  It simply does not live up to Vegas standards.  I was very disappointed.  I do not mind paying for good sushi, but this one was below average.
Food is good and close by, the service is so poor... I don't think they offer training to their servers and staff.. Obviously the cooks have the training they need. If I wanted good food and piss poor service I would have dinner with an angry ex
Poor service, poor food.
My husband and I try to stop here whenever we are in Madison for the week. They have items that suit our young son when he is with us and they have items and suit our tastes as well. The service on the several occasions that we have gone has been great but I don't believe we've ever gone on a particularly busy day.
Have been going there for a few years and have never had a bad meal. The servers may change but the food and drinks are always great. Love the 1/2 price margaritas on Tuesdays.
Great Italian food outstanding veal parmigiana... And it is Veal !!! Not Pork like some other places...Edy the maitr'e d is amazing portions are great. I truly recommend this place.
This bank does NOT accept cash deposits! What kind of a BANK doesn't allow you to deposit a 20 dollar bill!!!!
My 2nd time eating here and I would say some dishes taste better than others.  Fujian style fried rice is good.  Their noodle soups are just ok.  I would dine here when I don't feel like making a trip to LV Chinatown or buffets wear me out.  A bit expensive and small portions!
Been visiting this location for years. The staff is always friendly, the store is almost always in order and things are easy to find. Never had a single problem here. Love them.
I didn't feel that good spending my money here food was ok but the customer service not that great
The waitresses were nice.\nThe burger was good and the philly steak was okay.\nIn all, it is a nice fast food place to eat in.
Great coffee, cool building.  The crowd is a cross between over aged hipsters still trying to hang on and newbie hipsters trying to create a faux urban lifestyle in Phoenix.
best pizza in phoenix
Second visit here.  Prices are good. Twice experienced less than average quality of fish.    Twice also experienced poor service.   Will not go back.
I can't overstate how wonderful this place is. Finally a vegan cafe in the Mesa/Gilbert area! Coffee, fresh juices and smoothies, organic local veggie cuisine, and a beautiful modern atmosphere. This place is a real gem.
Pretty hilarious that you have to watch your language in a bar for 21 and up only but whatever.  This bar isn't in the best location,  Boulder Highway has lots of transients and this location is no exception.  The food, bartenders,  and atmosphere is barely average.  Wouldn't suggest it to friends, family, or anyone else
Beautiful restaurant, superior waitstaff, fair price and VERY nicely prepared curry, rolls and H/S soup. they are conservative with salt so a dash of soy puts it together for my taste. Actually a nice way to serve Chinese! A new favorite for me!
Shick place with a good variety of food. Despite I like spicy things I always order mild or I'll leave crying. Taste is good and service is very friendly. Good to share as the portions are big!
Grade: C-\n\nTriangle-shaped fish fillets served on Styrofoam plates. Good greasy Hushpuppies and cold beer. Good service and prices.
I don't know how many times you need to call me to harass me that My prescription  is ready but I am pretty sure once is enough. It would also be nice if when you call you put someone on the phone that speaks proper English.
I usually hate buffets, but this is really good. They don't have as many choices as most buffets, but the food is actually really good, not just mass-produced crap for the drunken masses(not that I'm above getting a little drunk in Vegas)\nMy favorite Vegas buffet by far.
More outlets now. Still mediocre espresso/coffee.
Good food. Great location. Good atmosphere (especially in the atrium) and great sangria. We will go back!
The food and service was good.  The manager Dave was horrible.  I asked him a question and he rolled his eyes and blew me off.  Really?!?  Way to lose a customer.
This place may seem a bit pricey compared to other joints, but it's still worth it.  The Strawberry Lemonade is a must.  I had Brisket, which certainly pleased this Texas palate.  Loved the atmosphere with all the blues music in the backround.  When at the TMP, check it out.
I'm getting hungry just thinking about this place. \n\nThe Palms roll is an absolute must. Trust me, just go there and order it. You will be amazed.\n\nGreat food, great service, and everything is reasonably priced.
I love this place, it's got charm a'plenty, and chock full of character, its a gem! I love that the owner is now synonomous with the restaurant for me, so much so that when someone mentions la piccola cucina i will immediatly think of his smiling rotund face.
Was excellent!!!!
One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. You can't beat the blackened mahi tacos.
There's usually a 10% chance the food here is good-the menu is obviously too big for the kitchen to handle. Easily one of the most over hyped garbage \"mexican\" joints in Pburgh.
Any excuse to go to Trevi is a good reason to go.  L-O-V-E this place.  I usually get a white pizza to start and a linguini vongole to enjoy.  Great ambiance, wine, and service.  By far the best Italian restaurant in Vegas!
Solid restaurant, good service, good ambiance, but the food was nothing memorable unfortunately.  Not bad, but not amazing either.
The marinated pork tacos are the best I have personal ever had hands down.  Still not a fan of there decision of having split lines for different tacos, but its worth it!
Skm rocks! Very organized and professional. Nathan was amazing as our MC! I would recommend this company to anyone for any event! We'll done.
Initial problems with a bathroom vanity but they fixed it.
The food wasn't very different from other Vietnamese restaurants, with the soup and noodles tasted pretty ordinary. The spring rolls were pretty good, but still, ordinary.\n  The waiters seemed like all they wanted to do was rush me out the door as quickly as possible.
Thumbs down for Portovino on Decarie... Not accommodating to handicap clients and rude!
Staff is amazingly helpful. Came in needing a gift for a very close friend. The guy that helped was very helpful gave us a variety of gift options and was extremely considerate of our budget. He was creative and also helped us with the engraving, we had no idea what to put on there. People like him make coming here a great experience.
Just finished a delicious breakfast.   I got a build it crepe with white cheddar and chorizo and devoted it.   My friends got the vanilla bean crepe and it was so light and a perfect blend of sweetness.   Highly recommend.
This is a wonderful library! The children's section has a small play area and a lot of children's books/comics/DVDs to choose from. I love that you can rent DVDs and CDs for free. The employees are always very helpful and informative.
This boutique is way better than the Chanel @ The Wynn Hotel. So much selection and its huge! I ended up purchasing my black Chanel from here. I love their merchandise and now im eying on their bracelets.
Best sushi in Las Vegas!!! Would definitely go back again
Hair. In. Food........Next.
I love this park and the annual pass is perfect.  It pays for it self and makes it a lot easier when you drive through not dealing with cash.
Stopped in for lunch and was seated immediately.  I waited for a full 10 minutes and not one server took my drink or food order.   I left and will not return to this location--they weren't even that busy. I am a fan of BBW, but this location isn't good.
Pretty much like most Popeye's. Friendly service and pretty good food, self-serve free soda refills. Unfortunately this place wan't air conditioned the day I went making eating in very uncomfortable.
Every time I've been to this place it is always clean, and the lady behind the counter is very friendly. I love that their ice cream is handmade daily at the store. The mixers are great. But the ice cream is so good it doesn't really need anything added. :)
TERRIBLE!  Left me high and dry at Mesa Gateway airport late in the evening with promises that someone was on the way...never showed!  Not using this company again!
Very charming hotel. Service is just ok but the rooms were nice and it's located in a great spot for those who want to explore the city.
This would have been a 4 star review until the 90 minute wait at the valet. I get it, it's check out time but to have only 6 valet on service is poor management and bad customer service especially at the end of a great stay. I won't come back for this fact alone.
NICE RESORT! VERY NICE GROUNDS! NICE POOL TOO!\n\nAgain, on a family vacation we had the pleasure of stopping in Scottsdale. This place was family friendly and the pool was great.
Support you local places...less than $10 inc. tip, for a great lunch where you can be in and out on 40 minutes...what's not to like! Great value, great service...
Thought id give this place another try. Ordered a medium French vanilla iced latte and powdered jelly donut. What did I get? ...a regular iced coffee and sugar jelly donut. Lol oh man. Maybe I should just try ordering the opposite and I'll actually get what I want.
Good food, great margarita and ok guacamole. The staff was very attentive to our drinks and appetizers. Although it took them 1 hour to take our dinner order. If that wasn't a problem, I would rate higher.
Had reservation for 7:00 and got seated 7:45 and only cause we pushed them a bit otherwise looked like another half an hour.. Appetizers were ok ..i really liked the spring rolls.. Sushi was tasteless and rice was undercooked. Service could have been better..
We discovered this little gem of an Italian restaurant a few days before Christmas. Excellent pizzas, rapid service   great ambiance and definitely not too pricey! we will definitely return. This restaurant is worth noting and visiting!
I hv my nails done few days ago. It's my first time to try acrylic nails n they just fit even though my own nails r too flat n wide. The technician was skillful n patient! My experience here was wonderful! I will return without doubt!! ^o^
We come here for Dim Sum when in Vegas...\n\nIt's good, affordable and well... Nothing mind blowing...\n\nGood enough, friendly enough... Not much else to say about this place... Typical Dim Sum hall
Bad bad bad.  They changed the whole menu. Just bad
This place is not good sushi and the prices don't reflect the service.  I went with 2 friends and the waitress made a huge deal about my friend returning her cucumber salad that looked a few days old.  Will not be going back.  Smith's on Valle Verde makes better rolls!
Not good. What happened to all of the good reviews. No more teppanyaki tables!!  The kitchen rendition is nothing like it. No more ginger sauce :(. The sushi was poor at best!! So disappointed.
I give this place 4 stars for the sole reason that they have the BEST corn beef hash that I've ever had. It was actually one of the things I was looking forward to on my return trip to Vegas. I've never had a bad meal here!!
Great place to go if you want a different vegas feel.  The DD is always pretty happening and even when it's dead it's a good time. Vegas definitely needs some more bars like this.
Closest Thing To California Mexican Food Ive Had In Arizona...
They have the worst service ever.  They missed there first appointment and then when the finally came.  The would not perform the work they were contracted to do.    What a waste of time.
Good music and a good crowd.
The hype is true, Burger Bar is the best place in Vegas for a Burger. Must have the buffalo on onion bread. Once you're done devouring your creation take a walk in order to make room for dessert. Create your own milkshake with liquor. Awesome service.
The pizza is pretty good.... but hello Cheesecake. Just the plain cheesecake is so delish! I never order desserts but swear I could never go there and not order the cheesecake at the end... It is the best!
This place was a reasonable walk from Bally's (so centrally located on the strip). Friendly and fun staff. Cocktails a bit on the pricey side but the food was pretty good and delivered fast for how busy it was. Good place if you're out for a walk and need a good snack.
Can't beat these prices anywhere in Vegas. I had the Earl club, and it was unlike any other sandwich I've ever had. Breads really soft but still crisp. Definitely a must if you're on a low budget.
Ordered the mediterranean calzone, its too oily/greasy and the crust is soft. \nNice service though.
Black bean burger with Avacado was to die for. The fries were crispy. I absolutely finished my burger, and I usually eat half. Gaspp. *fat girl problems*
Good food and lots of selection
One of the best restaurants in las Vegas! Their lobster rolls are to die for! And their sugar donuts are the best! Their menu is filled with variety and uniqueness. I will definitely be coming back every time I'm in sin city.
Security is useless, VIP is terrible service and staff is RUDE!
Top Notch! Stacia is your Golden Ticket to Vegas Nightlife!
I'm Filipino and I am picky about my food and I found that this place was just all right. I've had better food at different places. It was a bit over priced for the food portions they have.
I'd rather see a small indie or foreign movie over a Hollywood blockbuster anytime.  This is the place in town for those type of artsy films.
Food sucked!!! Very bland!!! Plus service was very slow. We were there for 45min. Before we got any salad or meals. Shoulda known better than to eat at one of these corporate owned garbage places. What a waste of $100 !!!!
Great sports bar!  Shows most UFC, Boxing and WWE pay per views.  Friendly staff, good food....  draft beer selection could be a little better, but other than that, one of my favorite local pubs.
Im big on customer service and gotta say this place delievered. No pun intended. Haha
Linda is so great. She explains everything so well and gives you the science behind what makes the techniques work. She is gentle and caring in her work and the results are outstanding. I highly recommend her.
It was actually better than I expected, great Mac&chesse, yams, and fried chicken!!! I only wish the hot bar was more like a buffet, other then that great soul food!!!
Great staff, great brews, great atmosphere!  Need I say more?
The food is great. Service terrible. Every time I go there is something wrong that is not my fault & I end up paying for it. It's really too bad because I really liked this place and kept giving them chance after chance. I will not go here again
Food was delicious. I had the meatloaf and the brown tomato gravy on top was fantastic. Hubby had the Catfish and said it was great. Large portions...we didn't finish. Server was very attentive.
Stopped for drinks after dinner. The martinis are tremendous. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. The decor of the bar is really cool. They have a cool deck. They have great music and a ton of televisions for watching the game.
Yup its a Vons. Its kept clean and the staff always greats yo. Especially in the produce section.\n\nThere produce sometimes is in need of help but for the most part it has fresh fruits and vegetables. \n\nReally what brings me back is cleanliness and most convenient location to my house.
Food is ok for the price.  The resturant appeared a little run-down and dingy.
I shop here all the time. The folks who work here are very knowledgeable and helpful. I've spent thousands of $$$$ over the years and never gotten advice or less than stellar service.
We were looking for cheapish but good Chinese in Montreal and this ticked all the boxes, the only aspect that was not great was the wonton soup, wontons were too doughy, everything else was spot on. When you can walk away full and happy for $30 including a couple of beers that's a real win.
Games are getting older. I still like going but my xbox is better then most of their games.
Don't like at all... Too doughy and too expensive. Not very good pizza. It reminds me if Papa John's (gross).
tried chicken bacon ranch bruschetta for appitizer.  very good..will get that again\ntried the smokehouse sandwich.  not to impressed.  will not eat that one again.  like the grill chicken breast ..maybe it was the fried onion strings..not sure..\nusually get a burger.
In the midst of the great emptiness that is the depraved Phoenix aesthetic, Lola gives me hope that--someday--the people of this valley will awake from their masochistic delirium and create spaces consonant with our humanity. Until then, I'll be holed up at Lola.
Check In and was greeted by the best waiter in the gam Nathan great guy, and good was great service made us feel comfortable & added to the dining experience will return not only for the food but because of the hospitality
This place is great!  Amazing cheese bread and the marinara is perfect! I had the Gorgonzola Alfredo chicken and mushroom pasta and it was perfect.  The chicken is smoked and made to perfection.  Great ambiance!
I was not completely impressed with the chief specialty menu. He used onions on a dynamite roll...that was a first for me. The regular rolls were tasty and thick. But still nothing to rave about. However the regular rolls are priced decently.
Terrible.
Under new ownership/staffing now and the quality of the food has declined dramatically. \n\nA real shame, it was a great old north valley resto.
Family favorite.  Could have a few more salad options on the salad bar.  My very favorite is the broccoli salad. They have some delicious chocolate chip cookies too. Not a big fan of the cheese they use in the foccocia bread. Overall a decent place for lunch or dinner.
very clean & the staff was great. we will not be returning though. it seems like a good deal at $2/plate but those were the smallest rolls ive ever seen. the rolls werent bad but they were all room temperature. hiraku in tempe is way better
This place is full of senior citizens and is located near many retirement communities. Atmosphere is 3/5; food is 3/5, service is 3/5.. Nothing special, won't be coming back.
We have visited this place for dinner.we have ordered the spring rolls and chicken fried rice.spring rolls were perfect and good.the chicken fried rice was good but the best I have eaten from Thai restaurents they can make it better with Thai flavours.overall it's a good visit
Always fast and friendly with my correct order at the door under 10 minutes!\n\nBUT JIMMY JOHN'S WHY U ONLY PUT ONE NAPKIN?!\n\nBut really, though. I need more than 1 napkin for a messy sandwich. :)
I've been constantly pleased with each experience I've had at this Chili's. Wait times are never too long and service has always been good. I love the variety that the menu has... There's always something for everyone. They're starting to improve their beer list as well.
I'm not going to be too hard on them, considering this is AZ, and NY bagels outside of NY are pretty much non-existent.  The bagels are decent, but they seem very salty to me.  Service was fast and friendly.
Love this place my favorite is an order of a half pound of hot boneless wings and a side of fries! Although the service could use a little improvement the food is amazing!
Johnnie knows exactly what to do with my hair, and as always it turns out fabulous! I've had bad experiences with hair cuts, but here I can always trust the staff!
Love the mystic spray tan! I never get orange and their staff is very friendly :) I like all the spa options that they have as well, great place to relax!
So absolutely disappointing.
Good yogurt, had the taro and coconut flavors very good . Taro tasted like taro and the coconut was the best , put on some coconut sprinkles and mochi and enjoy.
Great food, great service and reasonably priced!
Ugh...finally I always complain when I'm dragged to this place..too much gross food for such a lil price...people you must not be stuck in a lil world of big hen..venture out ..
A nicer than average Starbucks that is in a weird location. I wish the one on Eastern was this clean and friendly. I just wish these guys were closer to me!
Super cool bartenders. Dangerously cheap drinks. What more is there to say?
Came to get food...... Was waiting for about 15 mins, no any server showed up. I asked hostess about server. She acted as didn't care. Wait more????? Kidding ??? Just LEFT! I can put money to different restaurant who cares!
Great boba tea; great price. Staff was super friendly. I had the taro boba and my mom had the jasmine milk tea. Both had just the right amount of sweetness. Not overly sweet like milk tea can be sometimes. Will be back for sure.
It was awesome, service is what you expected from this type of restaurant.\n\nThe atmosphere was very differant and fun.\n\nI hope they are around for a long time to come.
Classic Mario. Solid in every sense.
The burger was very good as well as the fries. The menu is creative and diverse. There are many options for getting a good burger on the strip, and this is one of them. I would definitely go back again.
Papas & eggs burrito with a bit of cheese and pico.  Enjoying sitting outside, hanging with family & friends, and splitting this very large burrito!
Don't eat here way over priced. $15 for 3 asparagus spears, 2 tbsp. of spinach and 4 tiny slices of tuna. Go down the street to Rachel's kitchen much more bang for your buck.
We were starving and it was the only reasonably priced place open at 9:30pm in Northern Scottsdale.  The brisket was edible and the sides were mediocre.
I had the Rigatoni Alla Bolognese and would definitely order it again.  I'm not sure about the value because the company picked up the tab
Speakeasy meets Hollywood glam. Barrymore is a fun, relaxed environment perfect for groups. The service was great, the entertainment was....well, entertaining, and the drinks were strong. What more do you need?!
it is a pool supply store. not much else to say overpriced supplies but if you want good products you are going to have to pay for them. Staff is knowledgeable and helpful.
Good BBQ pork sandwich. Fries are huge. I will go back again.
Very cheap, room was clean. Free parking with rewards card. Staff was friendly. The only negative thing is the noise level. Can't sleep at night with the bands playing.
This place is a joke! My friend and I went in for gel services. They let us choose from the templates. Funny thing is neither one of us got what we paid for. They did not match -why even offer the templates!. We will never go back!
staff in the return department absolutely horrible no manners whatsoever dealing with with customers
My best friend Lex helped put this thing together, so it gets 5 stars based on that alone b/c she kicks major ass!!!
A great place for breakfast!\n\nI've had a couple different things on the menu and it was all great. \n\nThe restaurant is pretty outdated and really needs a renovation, but that won't keep me from coming here.
My last visit here, one of the guys behind the counter smelled really bad. They put my sandwiches up on the counter but didn't say anything to anybody, AND they left their dust pan and broom propped up on the soda fountains. Maybe the boss was away that day or something.
Up-scale environment and wonderful services. The food is good but not spectacular.
Good pizza and friendly staff however, I'm not their boss but they always call me that.
Most times the food has been okay. But last night the baked potato was so over cooked. It was brownish color inside and extremely dry.
Been coming here for a few months now and finally got a pedi and I am going to keep coming back. Have not been disappointed once. Love how they keep doing the set up in the place, makes me feel like I'm stepping into a new salon each time.
Why all the bad reviews? I went to 3 clubs in 2 nights and thought this one was the best. Lots of fun, really great music. Expensive drinks and a really great time. I will be back here.
Seriously the best Starbucks in AZ. We live right near by and are frequent users. The staff knows us and our usual orders and are ALWAYS friendly. We are and always will be loyal customers to this particular Starbucks. The only con would be no drive thru.
In my opinion this show is MUCH better, a lot better props, some of the old skits, but overall the show is a crowd pleaser....the ending is so much fun!
Awesome place... a bit on the expensive side but all the food is very good and so are the sweets.
Salad yummy. Sandwich not so much. 24 dollars for a sandwich, salad and drink. The salad was worth the 10 dollars, sandwich not so much? Shared with the hubby and was enough food to keep us full!
This pizza is like all of the other chains dominos, papa johns. If your looking for good or desent food go somewere else
I was getting some meat at this store n my 6 year old points out a little bug. I move the bag of chips n there it was a ROACH ALIVE N KICKING! ! Never will set foot in this place again. My real rating is 0 stars!!!!
Went here for breakfast and it was just okay. The vegan options were minimal and our meal was just ehh.
I've had many Indian meals and the Indian Palace has great authentic food, friendly staff, and a family atmosphere.  We will back for sure!  Try the chicken korma and/or masala - they were both uniquely spiced and ohhh sooo good.
I have been seeing Dr. Johnnie Woodson for years.  He is always very nice and willing to talk to me about my condition at length.  The office has gotten so much better since new management has taken over.\n\nSometimes the wait is a bit longer than I would like but the Doctor is wortht the wait!
OK this place is good during the week and early on the weekends\nLate on weekends it kinda really sucks.\ntoo many, too little space.
Cool place.  Decent IPA.   Didn't try any food.
This place is just fun to visit, even if your not looking to buy anything, aside from merchandise they have zombie video games. Upon walking in the staff was very friendly and inviting. Pretty fun spot, I'd definitely recommend.
Love love love their hot dogs!! You gotta try it, yes its a bit more expensive than most people would usually spend on a hot dog, but I think its worth it!
There is another location on Chandler Blvd and Ray Road and I have to say this location is better. There is the possibility the day and time of day makes the difference, but at this location the food seemed much fresher.  For example, the gyoza was warmer. Either way this small chain is very enjoyable for the price.
Nice wine bar with outdoor seating. A good selection of wines along w good wine flights. A nice neighborhood wine bar!
I am very impressed with this dealer.  They took their time with me and did not try to upsell.  Service is excellent and Toyota care free service is wonderful.  free oil changed while the wife gets her nails done.
Pho broth is good and they have some other good order.  Tried the satay egg noodle after my sister had ordered it and it was bomb!!
This place is awesome and I will definitely be back!  I had the chicken pesto and added mushrooms-it was very good and a great price, under $10 for a pizza that will fill you up and is great!  Two thumbs up for this place .
Great server, Joshua, great food, and super fast. It made a great birthday dinner experience.
RIG was awesome. Great live music, great crowd and my favorite Irish ale. What else can a guy ask for. Just a good ole party bar with the neighborhood crowd.
I had the lunch special, cermitas, it was phenomenal! One of the best bbq sandwiches I've had ever. The prices are great, especially for the amount of food served. Service was speedy & friendly.
Best mexican restaurant I have had the pleasure of enjoying in Las Vegas. The food is plentiful and affordable. Had my birthday dinner there twice now and they definitely pull out the stops for the celebration. The fajitas are FAJITABULOUS! and the service matches the food.
Prices high, food great, but I can't afford this.
Great atmosphere, great looking, sexy wait staff, great service and food. Our lunch was priced reasonably.  Lots of smiling faces.  I would definitely recommend.
Great food. Excellent food. \nThe service, though very nice was INCREDIBLY...EPICALLY slow. Felt like we were getting hungry again waiting for the check.
They skimp you on the gyro meat and vegetables.  The fries are way over seasoned.\nIf you want a real Philly, go next door to North End pizza.   It's almost twice the size and much tastier.
My favorite Thai place.
Can a restaurant be any darker inside then this place?  Thought about turning my flashlight app on to help read the menu.  The food is decent and reasonably priced.  Service is friendly.   Need to try the happy hour which looks to be a good value.
My third purchase, yes I like this place.  The service dept is great too.  My salesperson drove to Tucson to get the exact car I wanted.  Another fine buying experience.
The food was simply delicious. Service was impeccable. This is one of the best breakfast places I have ever been to.  The banana nut muffin was everything.  I can't wait to come back on my next visit to Vegas.
This macy's has the best selection of Kitchen Accessories. If I need anything Kitchen related this is the place I go.
We attended the New Years festivities so the menu was limited. Even so, Ribeye cap and lamb shank were delicious. Lily was very good and attentive, as was the managerial staff. Look forward to trying this place not during the holidays, particularly for lunch.
If you need to escape the heat or just have some time to kill this is a good spot to do it. If you want good food or need someplace quiet to study, well, I'd keep looking. Great people watching if you're in to that type of thing.
Was OK, not the best, Lacked flavor
This is the best place to get your car washed! They care... Although no free vacuums, they dry your vehicle for no water spots. They're equipment is top notch.
Wow. My wife and I came here. Their pho station was decent. Everything else mediocre. Not a fan. This review is for early 2013. Maybe they improved.
Food is great!! Service isn't even decent (much less good), but the food makes up for it. Go during Happy Hour on a week day to get the best prices.
Food prepared wrong. Charged for things that we supposed to be complimentary as per our waitress, including entrees and deserts. Not going back to this place!! Manager said she would fix things but didn't.
Fez is great, but especially for a lighter meal at a site down place, for a good price. In and out in under an hour or so. Good drinks and decent service.
They had me at fresh squeezed pineapple juice.  We were in Scottsdale for spring training and came here on the advice of a friend.  Thank you, friend!  We enjoyed our meal so much we came back the following day.  Again, fresh squeezed pineapple juice, heavenly.
Went there last night first food was burned after waiting 40 minutes and then after sending it back it was raw. Service was a joke use to go to this location a lot but not going to go back there again!
Food has been excellent! Wings and Tuesday night Tacos are the best.
Clean, modern, with plenty of (boring) food options.  I would have loved a big Southern breakfast, but chains abound.  Comfy chairs.
This is one of my favorite places to come in Vegas.  I love looking in all the stores even if I can't afford anything.  I love the clouds on the ceilings.  This is a must-see when you come to vegas...
I was here a several weeks ago with my girlfriend.  We were seated promptly and the decor was nice.  Our waiter was fantastic and I enjoyed his beer recommendation.  We ordered surf and turf.  I thought it lacked a bit of seasoning, so it just didn't blow me away; but the food was still ok.
Food is mediocre.  Service is excellent!  Fish Tacos, Chicken wings are ok.  Best for late night, and convieniently near home.  Pricey for quality and quantity of food.  Sometimes dirty but overall average.
I love sushi - and even though Nakama is always extremely busy and crowded, they have a great sushi menu.  I had the avocado and Philadelphia roll when I was last here, but one young chef was very sweet and gave my friend and me an entire roll for free.  You can't beat that!
not coming back. tables are dirty, not maintained after customer leaves. food looks very fatty compared to other filipino restaurants. I couldn't even eat my kare kare because the ox part they gave me was all fat. this place is low quality.
Is this place still in business? Called all week no answer, went to location and it was closed?
Good location, good food, a little pricey, okay service. Will go back for the fresh subs!!
We stopped at a Bojangles off Rte 95 in South Carolina on the way back from the Orange Bowl. Just as yummy as the other times. Boy, I wish they would expand up North even though it would make keeping my weight down even more difficult.
Decent beer selection, though not many dark beers. Typical bar food. Bartender demanded cash immediately after I ordered instead of creating a tab for me and said it's too difficult to track tabs. Inconvenient. Buck and Honey's is much, much better.
medicore
Service is very slow. Every time I go there they are \"out of\" 4 out of the 5 things I came there to order. Points for my order actually being correct, most other taco bell locations cannot manage even that.
Their Carne Asada is the bomb! Love coming to this place, espcially late night. Very affortable compared to other prices on the strip. The only downside is the space because of it being too popular. Coming here any time after midnight should not be a problem but if not you might have to eat in the car!
I have found out during certain days that they do make ham & cheese croissants. Yummy.....
I went to do some browsing and found exactly what I had been looking for. They had a good selection, helpful and friendly staff, and actually had ammunition. In the end, I bought a new Glock 21SF. I was very pleased and would certainly buy from them again.
Outstanding service great food and a unique atmosphere. We had sandwiches and cookies and they were excellent. Great prices too. This one was worth the drive
This place is sorta pricey but the food, oh man, the food is soooo freakin' good. Especially if you love eggs and pancakes!
great food, great prices, friendly service.
Extremely rude employees (namely Marie) And super slow service. Take a cab or sedan service - you'll be so much better off
My friends and I bought a 24 hour buffet pass and this was one of the buffets included. The scenery is nice, there are flamingos and swans. The food itself was just okay. We loaded up on crab legs but besides that, the seafood options were not that diverse. Lots of dessert options.
This place sucks!! Mattress is caving in only after owning 3 months they will not help us or replace it under warranty! Stay away far far away. Customer service sucks!!!
Good food but a terrible experience. They won't seat you unless your entire party is there.  Cash only or local check. The rush you out so they can turn the tables as fast as possible. And in general the atmosphere is anything but relaxing. You feel like you don't even have time to enjoy your food.
Very good sweet potato fries.  The avocado chicken sandwich was very good.  A little pricey for what it is, but a solid choice.
A wonderful place to bring your animal/animals. Most vets provide average care and extremely high prices but not at Alma School Animal Hospital. I was referred by a friend who has been going here for over a decade. It's worth the drive if they are not close to you. A little bit run down inside but the quality of care is outstanding.
Bartender took ten minutes to ask for my order. I then paid, and she didn't bring me change from the transaction. I thought that was presumptuous for someone who took so long to acknowledge my existence.
Broken booth seat, appetizer served WITH the food, restroom soap dispenser BROKEN, trash over flowing, check brought before even half our food was gone....just some of the issues we had tonight....wont be back....
Delicious, not heavy or greasy, perfect spice, great service! We had it for take out and will definitely return, yumm!
I personally think  that this outlet is better than the South outlet. Only reason I dock off a point is because it is an outside outlet and can get super hot.
What a cheeseball of a place. If you want to go somewhere like this, you shouldn't be in Vegas - you should be in Orlando. I didn't know a place could be comparably depressing to Orlando!
Another club in Scottsdale that plays the trendy techno derivative drivel that somehow passes for music these days... the drinks are not cheap, but neither are they expensive... lots of eye candy for both guys and girls...
I LOVE DIlly's! I always get the Dilly Club and Chicken Noodle Soup, which comes with a bread bowl that is oh so yummy!
Couldn't tell you how it was, because it took too long for service. It wasn't busy, so after a few minutes of sitting around, we realized we could just get free champagne while we gambled. So that's what we did. Next time, Fizz.
Finally got something I've never had at this place: Good service....obviously a Phoenix landmark that should be visited by all at least once, but new location loses some of the old charm.  Limited menu, but pretty good...expect a long line...
Tried to make an appointment but she only takes patients until 2:45pm. I wish the receptionist had mentioned the unique office hours before taking all my info and wasting 10 minutes of my time.
Food is OK but not quality and quality could be better. My biggest complaint is no one ever answers the phone when trying to order take out.  Not worth the money.
Fast service, but not very friendly. Soup was super greasy, peanut sauce was terrible, not authentic. I love pho and have tried many locations spring valley has much better options!
Atmosphere is really fun, down side was the martinis. For a martini bar, they suck, not tasty at all
I go here every week but only after 5 pm.  Like their coffee drinks and their tea.  The pizza is fairly good.  The employees have been super great. \n\nWish there were a few more baked goods and outlets in the floor.
Did exactly what I asked for and my hair turned out awesome. Salon was clean and adorable. Everyone was friendly. Price was much better than many salons Ive been to. Ill be back!
Absolutely am never disappointed at any meal here.  One of my favorites, family owned and run with great food and though small , very friendly atmosphere.  Lamb shank is superb as is pistachio.  Desserts fantastic. \nJust tried new one I highly recommend, numoorah! Try it!
best fried chicken in charlotte.
Great place to get a steaming hot Tea Bag.
Wow , the best chile relleno i ever had ! The beans and rice were so good like homemade .
The rooms were fairly priced,  Good sized. There was a funky ass smell coming from one of the drains. Nothing to scare us off tho. It was nice to have a fridge. The pool area is great in my opinion
Fried egg on any burger is phenomenal.  The nice thing is that you can go with their creations or create your own masterpiece.  Las Vegas definitely needed another burger joint and this is it.
Good atmosphere.\nQuiet.\nBagel was stale.\nFrench roast was tres Bon! \nGreen tea selection is
I was VERY disappointed with the portion size. Previously, I would get 4 times the size of the sandwich now. If the sandwich is going to shrink in size, the price should as well. $8 for a bite size sandwich, a little ridiculous!
I love this store location. It is so big and love how it is two stories. The employees are very nice and super helpful! I also love how they have a Starbucks inside. This store overall is huge and takes a while just to see everything inside! I definitely prefer coming to this location than other ones around me!
The albanian sausage was a pleasant surprise.  Solid breakfast at a good price with friendly staff.  Check it out.
Food is okay - really good smoothies, but it is expensive and the employees are rude and non-personable. I don't know if they always give dirty looks for the sake of dirty looks, or if they are just PO'ed about something. Anyway, salad bar is decent, smoothies are good, everything is expensive.
I ordered 3 eggs and bacon * includes three pieces of bacon that didn't look very appetizing and cold toast I expected better from Bellagio I have has better bacon at Mom and Pop places..\n.
The Worst Reuben I've had anywhere. \n\nCorned beef was like hard strips of rubber, no sauerkraut, and a small sandwich to assault to injury. \n\nGreat service though and low prices
If you're desperate for boba then have at it, but otherwise I would try a legitimate boba spot.
The meatloaf in every form is superb. There are three options, meatless, sandwich, and entree, and they are all 'of the gods.' Absolute favorite place.
We went with the Parallels Tasting Menu and the wine pairing. Not sure if I'd add the wine pairing again but the food was just phenomenal! The experience itself, the service, the quality of the food and the atmosphere was all spectacular. I was very impressed.
It's all gluten free!!!! You've win my heart with Cartel coffee and a finger vanilla cupcake :)
Everything was excellent- the location and view of the capitol, the waitstaff and especially the food. It deserves it's reputation as the best restaurant in Madison. This is my place for special occasions.
I was pleasantly surprised by their Garlic Naan And their Chicken Tikka Masala. The naan was soft and pillowy and the masala had chunks of good quality chicken. This restaurant is really tasty.
This place has the best bruschettas! We threw a bridal shower here and the staff was very helpful. The food was great and so was where we were seated. The live music is a nice touch but we were a little too close so it made it hard for us to hear each other.  Otherwise, everything was great!
Not good,unless you like being forced to pay for gratuity.service ok.overprice chicken with a waffle your better off going to kfc....
Good food - reasonably priced - check in on yelp for 20% off your entire bill :) Lots of sushi options - clean and well stocked.
Food is DELICIOUS!  I had the crab jumping rice along with the salmon blossom. I ate the entire thing ! I can't wait till tomorrow so i can come back and try something different.
We went there a wednesday. The ban playing was great. Great clientelle, alltogether great.
Bagel cafe is a great breakfast spot.  The service is a little slow sometimes but the food is always superb!  Awesome fruit cup, great bagels and the matzo ball soup can cure almost anything.
I've been going to Lux since 2012 and every barista who has ever helped me out has been an asshole. The only thing that keeps me coming back is their mac and cheese and the fact that there's always really ridiculously good-looking people there.
the first time they never put my antenna back on other than that they do a great job in and out in 20 minutes
food is fresh and warm!!
I don't know why this place still has poor reviews. This is my second time coming here and I will continue I come back! Great for groups or a date night out! The service was great, thank you Courtney, the food was great again- truffle burger and truffle fries and sweet potato fries.
Great food and flavor and the bulgogi had an awesome taste. The staff was friendly and its great food with a great price. I recommend the bulgogi fries to everyone
It's pretty good they have different flavors than Jamba Juice their wheat grass is better than Jamba Juice
So glad to have something close to our house. We have gone here a few times and has been good! We have ordered the club sandwiches and blizzards. Everything has been good!
Overpriced and it tastes like frozen powder. The only reason they're in business is because they're the only frozen yogurt place in the Mirage Hotel. Save your money for a Gelato at the Venetian or the Bellagio.
Mandatory stop every time I go to Vegas. Love this place
We had a blast and our host Jessica made the night.   Great way to check out the clubs in Vegas and skip the lines.
We have been eating at India Palace for about 12 years. They have fantastic food and we haven't found any other Indian restaurant that even comes close. They are open every day and offer an excellent lunch buffet as well. The staff is always friendly. Try the Chicken Tikka and Paneer Masala along with some garlic Naan.
Its an ok place,  but went on a FRIDAY night and they were out of ALL wine, tequila and a huge list of beer. Whaaaaaat? Be prepared or send someone to go stock up.
Warning. This is a franchise selling only 1/4 pound skinless dogs for 8 bucks each. No original skinless dogs sold. It is a nice food court but the dog tasted like something you buy at the airport except at higher prices. Bun was as stale as last years matzah.
Deep fried twinkies only reason to come here. Hot dogs look good.
Service is very attentive, food is excellent! I've been searching everywhere for the mackerel battera sushi! Got a mixed plate of the skewers, they were awesome.
Just wanted to update. Manager contacted us. Was willing to give full refund or have the top installed for free. Seems there was a communication issue. Issue was resolved, even kept the truck box cover. Did have an issue, but company did resolve in a timely manner and apologized for the miscommunication
All I can say is that it was okay.  Out of the many things I tried, I think the moo shu is my favorite thing on the menu.  Everything else I tried was just decent.  Coming from San Francisco and having had access to Chinatown on a daily basis, I may be a bit biased.
Went there on steak night. Didn't have a big selection of food. Steak cooked just the way u like it.Liked fried oysters and cheese cake ice cream. I think it was $12
Being part greek, this is one of my favorite spots, mmm  mmm delicious
Really wanted to try the tuna burger, unfortunately it wasn't available.  Paris burger was an excellent substitute. I also ordered the fries/chips. The sourcreme paired well with the fries/chips. The server was friendly and quick.  Music and ambiance were great, wish there was more seating inside.
Went to Merkato last Friday. Ordered the salmon dish with rice and injera bread. Good meal! Good price! Big portions too! Better than the Abyssinia restaurant! I will be back! :)
Bad, bad,bad....is all I can say. Was one of my favorite spots until tonight. Nothing like the picture!!
Great sushi and hibachi. Very busy, reservation a must on weekends.
Sorry, but the food was terrible, bland and tasteless.  I purchased a Groupon, hoping to find a new gem, but was sorely disappointed.  The kangaroo was like chewing on tire tread.  They need a new chef.
There's nothing worse than reheated food  and still very cold  thank you I love giving my money  away
Best burger ever! must try
My go to grocery store. Produce is good and a good selection of foods. Cashiers are quick and friendly!
This is an absolutely beautiful show to see while in Vegas and has you leaving feeling like an inadequate human being who needs to stretch more. In a good way.\n\nThe combination of Cirque du Soleil amazingness with water is a winner.
It's just your typical chain-restaurant pseudo-Italian eating establishment. Nothing special. It's fast food. If you like to fill yourself up with high-sodium pasta entrees on your lunch break, this is your place. That's all I've got to say.
Tiny little pieces of fish that seemed not much better than something you might find the freezer section of a grocery. Stale tasting chips. Most annoying to my boyfriend, tiny individually packaged tartar sauces (obviously not made in-house) that are incredibly wasteful for a fish and chip joint.  Didn't try the coleslaw.
Love, love, love, love... the quality, the reliability (delivered on Thanksgiving), the flexibility, and the convenience! Huge fan!
Good food, but not great - especialy considering how much you pay for it. Atmosphere is definately good for celebrations.
Fresh guacamole was excellent and we split the chicken fajitas. Tons of great food and prompt friendly service. A keeper for sure
Love this place, great for a lazy Sunday.
ordered the signature steak, creative presentation however the steak inside didnt have a flavor to remember and the layer ojtside with the mashed potatoes had a fried crust which i wasnt a fan of.     Lobster bisque was ordered for starter, nice consistency but pretty bland in flavor.  Not a place i would go back for the price
Close to home, in a shopping center where not much is affordable. The ice cream is pricey but tasty and the place has a good vibe to it. Peanut butter cup perfection creation is fabulous. Nice kids working there.
They get me my coffee. Good stuff!
This office is very abusive and rude! I live in the white mountains and came to the valley for surgery. The recovery took longer than expected. I went to this office to buy food to last me until I could get home. The staff was not helpful and laughed at me as I was leaving. Thanks for nothing!
Yes, there are some shops that are unique and sells amazing products (Qui Lait Cr\u00fb, March\u00e9 Des Saveurs...), but overall, it's too crowded, and their prices is a bit high compared to nearby shops like Metro.
Employee there have no personality and are  rude. clothes are never done on time. I will never use them again. 8 other dry cleaners with in a mile radius. I am shocked they are still in Business. And they even have a tip jar really.
Overpriced sushi that's average. Drinks are decent but also pricey.
Just took my third class with Randel, he is excellent!  I had never taken a yoga class before.  The studio is very clean and has many options.  I also like their web site.  Extremely user friendly.  I would highly recommend this studio...
Cute park. Covered playground with sand. Bathrooms. Basketball and volleyball courts. Covered picnic benches. Baseball fields. \n\nThis park is fairly large with a couple different parking lots. I guess there is a dog park area somewhere but I didn't see it.
Great little indian restaurant with a fairly extensive menu. Highly recommended.
A nice place to have a quiet pint after work...a nightmare trying to get one when the rugby is playing down the road (as with all pubs and hotels in the area!) however the staff are welcoming and it's a place you can relax and enjoy.
One of my most least pleasant walgreens experiences ever. The people were rude and I ended up having to go to another Walgreens anyways which was much more helpful. Safe yourself the time from these disrespectful people.
I got caught falling asleep chewing on my chicken and waffles at Grand Lux Cafe. I was tiiiiiiiired! true story.
Just ok. Not impressed. Too many flavors that complicate each meal. And the grouper was not cooked properly.  Thomas Keller and Mario Batali have this iron chef beat.
Overpriced, small portions for food and drink, crowded, noisy, and dark.  You can get equal or better food elsewhere for less money in a more pleasant environment.  I have no idea how this place stays in business.
Went here for lunch. Got the 3-course lunch special with a caesar salad, pasta of your choice, and cheesecake. Sounds like a lot but portions weren't very big. Tasted great though!
BWW gets 4 stars for a few simple reasons.  The service was good the two times I have been there. Once for take out and the second time for dine in.  It is hard to have high expectations for a low- end eatery but for what they are I think they did a pretty good job.
Only come here if your really hungry and out of options. Took over ten minutes to get my food and sent back the fries as they were room temp. Should have sent back the burger too but I was hungry at this point. Counted  five people behind the counter and two people in front of me. Horrible.
Favorite Pho joint in town!
I forgot to mention that the wifi at this hotel is nonexistent. They say they have it, but it'll show \"unstable connection\", and you can't pull up anything. When you ask around, other guests say they have the same issue.
Great value. Delicious food. Friendly staff.\n\nI totally passed by it while driving though, since it wasn't well lit. Maybe the sign was off, or there was no lit sign. Either way, I'm glad I tried it!
Rggdg ugfgbv HV. Vb. Hjhhb
Nice contemporary Chinese setting.  Good food - enjoyed the bbq pork/chicken/roast duck platter & fried rice.
Great selection of titles, affordable pre-pay rental blocks, convenient location if you are a U of I student or work on campus. I'm so glad this place is here!
I have been to this place for dinner and the thing that really stands out in addition to a great menu was its service.  Everyone on the line ranging from the hostess to our server made the experiences worthwhile.
One of my favorites in the Burgh for almost 20 years.
We went there on 11/22/14 for breakfest and the sign on the door said they business is closed.  The Landlord took repossession of the business for failure to pay rent.
This little Mexican restaurant is a favorite of the locals. Service is always friendly fast and professional. The food is always consistent and priced right. Great place for a large group.
Food is very good. Lots of choices on the menu. Staff is very friendly. Definitely will be going back often.
The food was amazing!  Amazing atmosphere. Gorgeous view of LV. I can't wait to go back.
Found this place while on yelp looking for a Bloody Mary bar.  Not only did it have a awesome Bloody Mary bar but the ambiance and service was amazing.  We had a server named heather who went above and beyond and we were only having drinks.  Also the tequila in tap I pretty cool to .
Ate lunch here today with all my coworkers!  It was delicious! We had alfredo, pasta vodka, white pizza and eggplant parm! Everything came out super quick and the service was excellent! Will be using them for work catering and future lunches!
Mr. Sushi has a awesome happy hour. Service is always mediocre to sub par... So sit at the bar vs a table. Good rolls.. Interesting rolls... Not great rolls...good prices..and friendly staff behind the sushi bar..
Love this place it's sooo good....and the atmosphere is good! Price is not bad for all you can eat, plus the mochi ice cream they have is the best part!
Very helpful & friendly. Great recommendations. I was never a tea fanatic, nor am I now, but this place is great!
Last two visits bartenders not as friendly as first time
Pork Chops looked amazing although, I don't like pork chops... The guest who had them said one of the best they've EVER had... I ordered salad and the jumbalya- it was good, not fantastic...
Decided to give Parma a shot due to all the great reviews on Yelp.  And I must agree with the many Yelpers that this place is tasty.  The fresh noodles make a world of a difference compared to normal dried insta-boil noodles.  Price is high but you get what you pay for.
This isn't fair, this Wallymart has too many normal looking people that shop here, guess its the neighborhood.
All Im gonna say is \"Bad place to have a Taekwondo Tournament\". \n\nOther than that, its ok .....for its size\n\nDrawback, lack of parking.
Even though this Bashas isn't very large, it's clean and friendly. I frequent this store fairly regular.\n\nThe only issue I have is near the deli where the cold salads are, sometimes they look crusty on top, not fresh.
I was really excited about this place. The salad was awful! I opened the container and it smelled like old lettuce. The tomatoes were mush and the kalamatas were diced so small I could barely find them. I won't be back :(
The main workout area is fine for the most part, but the bathroom and locker room areas are filthy, nasty. And it seems to be getting worse. When you ask to see a manager, suddenly they're all managers and they act as though they don't give a shit. It's painfully obvious.
The tofu bun was beyond my expectations. The bahn mi with tofu was good too, for 5.50 couldn't beat that. We will definitely come back and try the pho next time. Spring rolls were fab, With herbs and peanut sauce.mmnn all good
Not bad for buffet food but not great for the price. A notch better than the Bellagio buffet. The selection is better here. The creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e is delicious.
Typical retirement course. The greens were in good shape. Had some challenging holes which was nice. A good value for Phoenix in the middle of winter when golf prices are outragous.
I just completed a trade in for a new watch. I couldn't have asked for better service or better value. if you're looking for a new watch, this is the place.
I loved the cake--and the quiche--and the soups (French onion was great!)--and the friendly personal service--and the rubber stamp store next door!  Hope to see them again soon!
Disappointed...my husband and I started going here when they first opened and it was really good. But now they added pizza to their menu and changed their bread they use for their subs...bummer.
Great food, the service at this location is really bad :(\n\nI recommend the NE Phoenix location or delivery.
By far the worst manicure pedicure I have ever received. They rough, rude and provide low grade services. I actually need to file my nails to be even and my gel manicure was globbed on. Better luck doing your own nails.
Great bar by my house.   The food is always good and the waiters do a great job.  They have a glass mexican cup you can buy for margaritas and you get MORE for a lower price if you bring the cup back with you.
One of the best breakfasts ever. Awesome diner feel. Friendly service. Delicious corned beef hash. Addictive. And the best pancakes i've ever eaten - really unique and perfect texture. I wish i had a place like this near me. As good as it gets.
This place is too small and the pizza is not memorable. I tried a shot of lemoncello and it was terrible and way too thick.
Coffee was 4 hours old and only had enough for half a cup. Waited twenty minutes for someone to actually start replacing it. They have no idea what they're doing.
Decent and well prepared.\nIf you at a convention at the LV convention center ,take a short walk and enjoy.
I have always had good experiences with Milios.  Even if they've messed up my order or I've had some other type of complaint they always make it right.  They definately know customer service and how to keep their customers happy and coming back.
...................................
This place is great.  I love the atmosphere, and it has a great mix of people.  They have a pretty good beer selection, I was sad that I only stayed for a few drinks.  I am definitely coming back here to try the absinthe cocktail.  Love when they put absinthe in drinks!
This place is amazing,  my only down fall is I found ants all over the grapes in the fruit bar, but it still hasn't stopped me from going there,  I'm just at a little weary of the fruit bit everything is still amazing
While not one of the best zoo's in the USA, it is worth taking your time to visit. Plenty to see (all the usual animals). Cost is ok, the walking doesn't seem to bad till you get home that night and realize your legs are shot!
If you are from the FSU or FSU Jewish, this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste
local treasure. i'm in love with this place. 7 dollar lunch buffet (always a mistake unless you plan on sleeping the rest of your day) and byob. recommended!
Yuck. I only went here to use the Redbox. The employees are apathetic and there is always a line. Layout and display reminds me of an old Piggly Wigglys.
What a great park! One of our favorites. There's lots going on her and something for everyone. We especially like the large playground and splash pad! We also enjoy the little pond, lots of ducks and geese to watch. This park is well taken care of!
Consistently good. Solid service. Healthy, light eats at an affordable price. Also close to the movie theater.
Honestly, this is the prettiest club I have ever been too. Also,they have some of the best Djs there.  I personally don't mind crowds. However,if you get claustrophobic- watch out its super crowded in there!
My wife and I went in for a late lunch. She had a spinach salad and I had a Cobb salad. Not something most people would order on this type of place. Both were fresh, cold, sizable and very good tasting. Our waitress was excellent. We look forward to going back very soon.
Very good Greek salad and chicken tortilla soup.  Much better option than chilli's and other airport restaurants.  I will eat here again.
Imortant: if you are traveling from JFK on Delta make sure you check your gate. If you are at the C gate, they will have to bus you to your gate. Get there early or you will miss your flight.  Great stewards, free overhead bag, & not too extensive food. I'm digging them.
Love this place for produce. Clean and well stocked. Short wait times in line. Probably wouldn't pick up anything else here. But that's OK.
Really like their sausage breakfast burrito and nachos.  My husband loves their carne asada nachos.  Good service, good food, reasonable prices too.
Probably the best coffee shop you will find in North Scottsdale.  The coffee has a distinct taste that is much more smooth than your typical chain coffee.  I highly recommend.
I really had a great time there! Love the outdoor pool area! Their Party Rock Mondays are soo fun!
Worst dining experience anywhere ever. Have to correct our order twice. Food is really salty. Don't bother going there, please!
Hubs didn't get what he wanted to try because they were out, but eggs benedict with salmon.... devine! Also the coffee and tea were mighty fresh. We will be back.
Said she would call the next morning.  Haven't heard from her yet.
I had a wonderful experience with my first class here! I love the decor and the instructor was extremely helpful and friendly. The prices are comparable to other yoga studios, but they do offer some specials. I cannot wait for my next yoga class!
Food is super tasty. Always. So tasty. \nCoffee is slightly above par, with lots of options. \nService is molasses slow. For a drive thru, don't bother unless you have at least ten or fifteen minutes to spare.
Great place to grab a few beers on a week night! Good specials, great friendly staff. Nice place to have a few & relax!
The employees here never smile. Maybe they are all having a bad day but jeez where is the friendly customer service?
Love this place. I order a crape next door and get it delivered here. A major hot spot for craft beer lovers. You miss this then shame on you.
Best Vietnamese food in the valley. I have been to a few and by far this is the best. The service is great. all the staff is friendly, nice, quiet atmosphere, very clean. The spring rolls are always fresh and tasty. I moved but still makes the 15 trip just to eat there.
well i have to say we weren't in our Sunday best like most around us seeing how we were recovering from the late night before they weren't judgemental....but they did have cholula lol which blew my mind i will be back the food was great
One scary street! Don't drive down it unless you want to wreck your car!
Mac and Cheese at it's finest!
One of my favorite lunch spots if I am going to sit down and really enjoy lunch.  This is a good spot to take client or have any kind of business lunch.  Elegant modern setting, without being at all stuffy.  The salmon is good.  This is a quality, not quantity kind of place.
Not worth the drive.  Nice service but the food is over priced. Air conditioning not working properly, and it was WARM!
Place is dirty.  Both bathrooms were out of order.  Young lady was very nice.  Will not go back.  Placed smelled like industrial cleaner.
Great food, atmosphere but a little small.
Unhappy about the hours. Change the yelp ad. You guys are closed Sunday! I drove all the way out to get my favorite food to find you are closed.... Common now!!
Sweet potato hash is fantastic!  The tofu scramble has a bit of a spicy kick and is a great option for vegans.  In fact, their veg dishes are just plain good. Service is very friendly and their cheesecake is very creamy and delicious.
Good food, typical chinese. Average prices. The lady working was very nice. New to the area and will probably try a few others but will return.
This great place is now under new ownership....don't patronize it, the original owner was forced out by his partner through some sort of shady business deal.  Very sad, and it was so good. 4 stars before, now only a 1.
Pretty good food, great service. The presentation of the food might be better than the flavor... Lots of selection, fun place to try...
I went on Halloween weekend and I wasn't a big fan of it . It was ok but most of the club was tables . The outside was pretty nice . But I left . I doubt ill be going back to surrender on my next trip .
Good job!  Four of us had dinner.  The four different dinners were elegantly prepared and served soon after we ordered.  Will go back.  Check out the Margarita offer if you are a member of Yelp.
Good vegan junk food.  Honestly, stay away from the healthier-sounding items - most of it that I've had tastes nowhere near as good as the sauce-drenched fried seitan sandwiches.
Great environment and vibe. And the food is great as well. Breakfast is served all day long. I would suggest the chorizo or steak and egg burrito. Been in Vegas for 2 months and this the best restaurant I've eaten at by far!
Stood twenty minutes at bar waiting for table with eight empty tables the entire time we stood there. Bartender did not ever talk to us.  Left without eating.
3.5 for experience. It's a great diner and atmosphere is fitting. Overall good grease spoon but don't expect anything special/different from a quality of good perspective.
Special Rainbow Pho please! Broth soooo good!
Great customer service and great juice to choose from.I've only been there two times but am going to be a regular customer.
This place is pretty damn awesome. I prefer it over some sweat invested club. Service is good and the martinis are strong. Plus the locale is nice.
I went in to get a shellac manicure just this past Monday. I was accidentally double charged, but the manager - Angie - returned my call today and was very apologetic and professional, which I appreciated, and is working to resolve the issue.
I have not been here for couple of years as I moved away and i used to love going here at least once a week, since it was the closest place to the original Chicago Beef.  I have to start looking for a new place. Sorry guys.  You had the BEST what happened??
This restaurant  has amazing food and as long as the manager named Ping is not your server you will have an amazing dinning experience. If ping is your server you will be lucky to get a fork to eat with. The worst service ever!!!
I usually always buy my gas here and the price is always reasonable. I've even had my car serviced here a few times and David always makes sure its right!! Also very nice car wash attached to the gas station that works very well!
Food was good but could be better. I swear the wagyu tacos was skirt steak... too tough to be wagyu. They are trying to take Mexican food to a 4 star level. Just do Mexican and do it good
Gotta see the cussing waiter, it's like having dinner and a show!   Great service and the happy hour specials are on point!
Lobster dip was great, burger were good , but no s'mores brownies all out.. Will be back again.
Okay comic book store. Not a huge selection, but pretty decent. Staff is always very friendly and attentive. Love that they offer a special back selection for only $1 per issue!
Decent food. But for that price I'd expect a bit better quality. Otherwise the atmosphere is very nice. It's basically a glorified cafe being in the casino. I prefer stand alone locations
This has to be the worst sushi place I have ever been too. Service was horrible i would never go back to this place. Everything was way to overpriced for the quality of the food
Too crowded and overheated during peak times after work, and they charge you unnecessarily for two months after you quit.
We competed at this event this year (Little Miss BBQ) and we thought the location was absolutely incredible.  This is their 4th BBQ event and the only major issue this time was the heat which is out of their control.  Teams had samples the whole time and the area wasn't cramped like it was over at the Waterfront location.
Stopped in to pick up 2 blizzards which were served to us like soupy ice cream. The customer service was terrible and they had about 5 employees working in the front all of which were focused on the drive thru. Terrible service... If you really want DQ go to a different location.
Birding and dog walking paradise! Whenever we visit from Seattle, we have to go here at least twice. Not only are there tons of birds, you'll also see a plethora of pikas and bunnies. This place makes me so happy.
Food and service were good but apparently they didn't want to pay the rent. Place is closed, locked up with a sign saying the lien holder has taken over. Guess I have to find a new sushi place now. Damnit.
The employee handled my food with her bare hands and then put a plastic covered fork inside my box on top of my food.  This is not sanitary!  Please train your employees.
Sorry guys, we are much bigger fans of the the Hon Machi on Alma School.  The service was horrible and the food was sub par.
Stop looking- you found your Sprinkler guys!  They even have a landscaping division called Yard Doctors.  I was so happy with their FAST and professional service that I switched to their landscaping too.  I have yet to be disappointed.
Best pizza ever! We had the best sausage pizza. The sausage was amazing and of course the crust was the best. The employees were the friendliest and most accommodating I have ever encountered in a restaurant. Wish more establishments were like this. Love, Love, Love Crust Pizza AND their staff.
Terrible food at lunchtime. Flavorless, uninspiring and thus overpriced. There is such good food in Scottsdale- just go somewhere else.
US Egg is a great breakfast place.  The Half and half is the best of both worlds.  You get to try their signature protein pancakes and your choice of half a skillet.
I give one star because I can't choose no star. The service and waiters' attitude is extremely bad. The food is ok, but I won't be here never ever again.
Very tasty!
The pizza was pretty good. Better than alot I've had, but I have had better organic pizza downtown. The large is pretty small, especially for 3 ppl.
Lots of fun - great deck in the AZ Spring temps, and a great location on Mill Ave.  The service is a bit slow if you want a server, but if you get your own drinks then not bad.  Also, a bit pricy.
There were some surprisingly cheap (relatively speaking) items in here! Also, some great sales going on (early December 2008). The staff was really nice and helpful.
Had white fish sandwich for lunch. Yelp said it wasn't open but it was. Decent price. Had branzino instead of the white fish on the menu.
Rolls weren't very original, no special sashimi flavor mixes, no gluten free soy sauce, server was kinda rude, blah atmosphere
Good but greasy Mexican restaurant with those 'damn they're so fried but damn they're delicious' chips and spicy salsa to start. Beware, even the soft tacos are deep fried. But, it's tasty, it's cheap, and service couldn't be nicer.
Believe the hype!
The breakfast burritos are off the chart! The street tacos are fantastic. I have been eating here for many years and the food is always good.
Good place for a single  to have breakfast.  Other  siingles  of all aages here. Sometimes the it takes a while to get water and coffee refills.    The oatmeal very good, if you want to eat healthy.  All of the food is good though.
I went all over looking for a gift when I should have just come here first! Great place and owner was super chill and helpful.
We had a great breakfast! We had the garden bene and the country breakfast. Both were excellent! The staff was very friendly and helpful. We only had to wait a few minutes even though it was busy. We will definitely be back!
Cheapest breakfast on this end of the strip considering most the hotels at this end are way overpriced for very cheap food. Go to Dennys and save your money for other fun. Service was SLOW, but I expected that because of other reviews on here. Over an hour to get our food even though the restaurant was half empty.
Came in for some appetizers, stayed for about an hour. The bartender was very polite, knowledgable and most important -honest and had a sense of humor. Food was a 4/5, service was 4.5 / 5. We'd come back here during our next trip out.
Food is ok, not great.  I've had way better.
The people are nice, but they always seem to be in a rush and there is not usually a line. It's a little expensive, but they do an okay job. It's pretty close to the house so there is a convenience factor built in there.
Compared to the normal hotel in Vegas...this place is a DUMP.  Outdated, people are lower class and just a place I wouldn't go to in Vegas.  History or not...put some of those profits into the building
This place is one of my favorites. Everything is always so fresh and their soups in a bread bowl are to die for. The staff is always friendly and fast. They also deliver and do catering.
It's pricey but really good.\n\nIf you have a craving for Mac and Cheese and don't want to make it at home, this is the place to be.
The sweet cinnamon tortilla is a tasty desert.
This must of been the 3rd time we ate here. It's always delicious. But my eyes are always bigger than my stomach.
The staff and service I received here were amazing!!! Booked my NYE appointment 3 months in advance. Was worth the wait! My hair and make up was flawless! A+++
Cindy came over to my house for a tan party and she is awesome! Totally fun and professional and really great at what she does!  This is the best looking spray tan I've ever had.  The color is deep, dark and natural looking, there are no orange tones.  I highly recommend her!
Was told 10 minutes been here 40. Been here multiple times and it's the same thing every time: long wait times and horrible service. With no seats it's not a comfortable wait. Always packed and super slow.
Worst customer service ever!!! They talk about you loud enough to their coworkers while you are in a fitting room. Never going back. They do not even deserve 1 Star!!!
Sat at the bar.  Very friendly, even charged my phone for me.  Beer good.  Flat bread and bruschetta great post hockey game fare.  Convivial, good service, good food, good drinks.
This place is awesome!! Especially our waitress Alex she is great. She takes our orders right away, we never have to wait for drinks, and she's always so friendly and welcoming!
Got take out and had them deliver a few times.  If your in the mood for Chinese takeout this place isn't bad.  Delivery added one star to my rating so keep that in mind when ordering.
You would think that being a loyal customer for 2 years you would get better help but I called and told them my internet wasn't working they told me it was because of a bad outlet and would cost me $60 for them to come fix it. Loyal means nothing to them when it comes to helping there customers
Everything tastes so fresh. .I got two fish tacos and a chicken burritos. .yummy yummy in my tummy...
I am over this place... What's the point in me calling an hour before and still being late not to mention their cabs are filthy. The people are nice but they don't follow through, too much stress for a cab service. I wouldn't waste your time or money...
This is the best and newest burger joint to hit Tempe! I like it a lot better than smash burger! However the price is comparable. Great service, and great food!
Always a fun atmosphere, and with in walking distance of ASU, yay! \nI've tried a few appetizers and drinks and it was all very good!
We went here a few years ago and enjoyed it thoroughly. I was excited to go back, but was very disappointed this time around. \nThe menu is huge, but nothing really special. Our food was just okay, not great, not horrible.
This is the slowest starbucks ever. The drive thru takes forever. It seriously makes me late to work almost all the time. It is the closest to me but I don't think I can even come here anymore. They need to do something about the drive thru!!
ABSOLUTELY ONE OF THE BEST INDOOR OUTLET MALL:) Everything from shopping for clothes, home decor, food and play/fun! They have Dave&Busters and AMC Movies attached! Plethora of restaurants and hotels surrounding the area!
Mediocre. Was not worth the price!!!!!
Awesome! Been to Soul several times. Grill Greek cheese, bone marrow and lamb chops are a favorite.
This is my neighborhood grocery store. It's at the two locations I shop at most. It's always clean and well stocked and I never have to wait in line for very long.
Tried their breakfast burrito and I really enjoyed it.  It tasted a lot fresher then going to a filibertos.  Unfortunately my hubby didn't get beef in his rolled tacos like he had ordered he got chicken. I would def go back.
Nice intimate venue for watching a show. Last saw Stephen Lynch perform here and was great. There is pretty easy access to beer, and the bathrooms leave a litle to be desired! Seats were fine, and parking was easy (one big lot)!
Excellent location of the hotel. Near metro, near Phoenix  blvd with world famous stars. The cost corresponds to the quality. Near many good restaurants where you can eat tasty and inexpensive. From the window is visible inscription \"Phoenix\"
Average Italian menu items and good service in a nice setting.  Try the steaks they are very good for the price.  Staff is also very good with children.
Worst service ever!! All the other tables that got seated after us got their food and Diego the waiter treated us soo bad. After over an hour we finally left still hungry! The cook yelled at us as we left\"Go to Taco Bell\". Never again, save your money and time!
These guys looked like they had good reviews so I hired them to address an issue with my pool.  The issue was misdiagnosed twice with repairs being done on other items along the way.  In the end we had to hire another company to fix the issue for us who had the correct diagnostic equipment.
I love this place, they are fast and they do a good job. The staff is really nice. Yes, it is true that they want to sell you every product and promo when you are there, but you can just say that you are not interested.\nI really recommend EWC!!!
Ambiance is great! That's actually what keeps me coming back for my takeout. But for authentic Korean food, not exactly authentic. Everything I've tried has been pretty mediocre. Honestly Greenland Supermarket food court is better than this place! Service is spot on though!!
Delicious Mexican food, have great service and sometimes on the weekends they have live music.  Good place to come relax and watch a game or listen to music.
Very good, Cartel is better by far.
Neighborhood bar , good drinks, nice bartenders. Downfall: cash only
Love, love, love this place! Its my to go thai joint. Food is yummy and service is an A+. Lunch prices are such a good deal and good sized portions. One of my fave's!
Above average buffet.   They have some dishes yoo would come here for alone.  Spicy Calamari,  a mushroom dish, and their fish on the buffetline is usually pretty good.   Efficint staff clears dishes quickly.  All in all a good bargain if you like buffets.
I never got served and when I did the waitress told me that she wasn't supposed to take tables yet.  So I grabbed my shit and left.  I didn't want her to work off the clock for free.  So I brought my business elsewhere.  Will never be back.
Great selection of baby items, some great selection of high end items
Great meals, fast delivery service,
Your typical native new yorker, a nicer location than most because it used to be a local restaurant.  Typical sports grill fare, good amount of wing flavors.
Great Fried pickles. The burger was excellent. The fries and onion rings were fantastic. A true Charlotte Gem. Highly recommended if you want a good hamburger.
The shrimp burger.....WOW!!!!! amazing
Super super super slow service.  Don't go here if you have a limited time for a lunch break from work.
I have been getting my signs ans whatever Scott can do for years! Since 1995. I highly recommend these guys. In fact, ordering again from them today! Thanks Scott!
Way better than Chipotle!
Place smelled good, but it took more than 45 minutes to be told that my food wasn't even ready yet, I left.
I think it's pretty effed up when you take your daughters ipod to have a cracked screen looked at...and the first question you're asked is \"do you have an appointment?\"
Not worth the money.  Little variety and not much flavor.  Cold Food.
Pasta looked like it had a bit too much cheese.\nPizza was okay.\nEven the service wasn't good. \nPineapple pizza didn't have pineapples in the first place. They had to top it & bake again.
I come here a lot... And I like it... BUT..... When the 22 oz sake bomb is gone before you get any sushi... There is a problem. Add on the fact that its $16 bucks per roll. #sushibrokers #failboat
The Habit Burger competes with In and Out Burger and they are doing so extremely well. My husband is very picky about his burgers and he gave HB 2 thumbs up. The young lady who helped us was so great! Thank you!! I will be back soon Monica!
Decent shop but geared more toward edge up style cuts. You won't leave with a natural hairline.
Way overpriced @ $14/cocktail.  All of the drinks we ordered with one exception were just whatever despite fantastical sounding descriptions.  The one exception was the Bloody Mary made with mushroom truffle infused vodka, which is no longer going to be on their menu.  Meh!
Very good and very fresh food. I've been here a few times and the dishes are excellent. The customer service is also excellent. You're missing out if you like Thai food and you don't come here. I love supporting small business owners and the owner here is very nice. Great place!
This is a dive bar. Expect that, and you'll have fun. \n\nI prefer Woodshed I, however both are delightfully tacky yet unrefined. Take that Hooters. This place is the real deal that you try to mimic.
Convenience of delivery, but mediocrity in quality. Why won't they put yellow mustard on for me? Okay, give me the packets, but this is now the third time that they forgot to include the packets. Thanks for cutting my sandwich in two, but why is one slice of bread broken into three pieces?
Slow/bad service, sub par food, slightly better than the 24/7 cafe with a better view. The chicken sandwich was the only thing worth it's salt. Also, they say the fries are hand cut but they are absolutely not.
This place has much better flavors and more variety!  Also, they have Fruity Pebbles for a topping.  YAY!
Used to be a premier place for a car wash. Now I'm not sure it is worth the time. Slow, sloppy and really nothing like it was a year or so ago. Prime for a new name and new ownership. It needs help.
I told him no Swiss cheese and they still made it, and they still made it with this was cheese I had to wait a second time I would recommend coming here they don't pay attention.
I had lavendar and Rose petal. Outstanding & great flavors. Worth finding. There is parking in the front.
Worst coffee ever. I'm not kidding! It was horrible, ugh. \nOnly go if you have a coupon.
This has to be the worst Outback. Service is slow, and last 2 times we were there, we have had to ask for silverware after our meal came. Pass this one by. Black Angus is not much better with their service, but it is down the road, as well as other places around the mall for steak.
The Nosh is as good as it gets. Although it closes at 2pm daily and the bad customer service, the bagel sandwiches are extremely good! Nosh, is also one of the few joints that still carries spouts. Which i love!
All it took was for Anita to do my eyebrows once for me to know I loved it here! I make a 30 minute drive just to come to this location to get them done! It's worth it and the prices are even more amazing !
Totally got bedbug bites from sleeping in my hotel room bed. How fucking terrible. \n\nCasino doesnt have a poker room.\n\nATM costs like 3.75 to pull money out.\n\nPlace is pretty terrible.
I really wanted to like this place.  It is a fun looking place.  We were there when it was slow.  The downstairs bartender was friendly.  We went upstairs when our friends arrived.  The service was slow, food was boring.  We had a variety of dishes.  This place has potential but they need to bring up the food flavor and service.
For the bowls being smaller than other places I would think the prices would be too, but they are not.
Love the prices and selection. Healthy choices also, and very convenient for us.
This place is fantastic.  Really great food and has a homey ambiance.  Great meal here which didn't break the bank considering it really could have with all of it's exclusivity.
I love the chesse bread there. Some of the employees/ Manager are the worst for customer services. If you get the deep dish pizza just be careful it might be burnt on the bottom.
Love the pizza and the service is fast.\n\nIt's a little pricey for me sometimes. I wish there were more deals, like 25 cent wing Wednesday. \n\nAgain the service is really good and the food is good.
Was there Friday 11-22-13 and it was a pleasant experience.  Was freezing & raining.   Bill was $ 58 for 2 swiss kiss cocktails, 2 rolls, 2 beers, & butter cake.  Four areas:  Dinner area, bar area, sushi bar area, and patio area.  Dinner area was nice & quiet.
Just very good food. The area, building and the decor has something to be desired, but we really like the food and the Thai iced tea with cream.
What else can i say but if there was a 1/2 star, i don't even think it would be worth of that. Cheap beer at the football night is about the only redeeming feature. I could have gotten a better pizza from digiornos.
Great Gelato with plenty of flavors, try the hazel nut.
Service was horrible!! Brought the wrong beer 20 min to get it, then food order was wrong. So disappointed!!
J'aime beaucoup celle aux merguez.\n\nLe service est un peu lent, victime de son succ\u00e8s. Ca reste un incontournable
Can't get enough of this place! Great healthy food
The meat is old and rotten! Even the canned enchovies were rotten. The whole store is ROTTEN and overpriced.
Perfect place to have a quick bite to eat if you're in the mood for Mexican food, and the chimichangas are delicious!
It's a stupid name but this spot was really good. Both the streaks and the sides were wonderful. Good service. Stylish place. Pleasantly surprised.
Food was ehhhh! Nothing to brag about and whole wheat pancakes were blah! Kids menu was expensive for 3.99 for one  Mickey Mouse pancake and one sausage. DRINK not INCLUDED!
The sushi staff is well trained and the fish is great...especially for the price.  The tako and uni with quail egg are my favorites.  Well done chefs!
Tastes bad, food all seems processed, and my food was ordered and ready within 30 seconds - literally. At least hold onto my food for a few minutes to make me believe the food is fresh. Wouldn't recommend, this is my first time here and I won't ever be back.
It's a great place with healthy food that's actually good.. Service was good and the owner is very on hands. It's near my house so even when I'm in a rush I'll stop in to get a good smoothie..
My boyfriend's family dragged me here for a Thanksgiving dinner a year or two ago. It wasn't very good. The food was dry. I don't really like the feel of it either. I much prefer the Comeback.
I loved this place as a kid.  I just like it now.  Very kid friendly (as I remember) and the portions and the food are pretty good.
Poor selection of lingerie. Dancer shoes from the 80's. Wayy over priced dancer wear. Fascinations adult store down the street blows this place out of the water. They do sell other things such as bongs and porno although the smoke product prices are inflated as well. Would not recommend.
Good service and meals- have eaten here multiple times
I go here every year for my birthday. It's amazing! I first tried fondue in Switzerland and this place is better! Bring your appetite and save room for the chocolate fondue portion. Pricey, but worth it!
Arizona Bread Co. has great sandwiches on a nice selection fresh bread (especially, the 9-grain).  Fantastic, happy service.   One of our favorite lunch spots.
Good chinese delivery. Quick, hot, lots of flavor. I'd recommend they use a bit less salt, as some of the dishes had a lot of it. Aside from that, good stuff.
It's a Kwik Trip. It's good. They always have about 6 people on staff (why??). Bananas!
The quality of the food is good here. Nice variety. I especially enjoyed their desserts. We signed up for their players card and the lunch buffet was only $8 each. No reason to roam all over Vegas to find a decent place to eat. This place is not the greatest but it is good enough.
DO NOT STAY HERE!  DANGER!     This will ruin your Vegas experience.   The rooms smell like sewage, the towels are dingy and funky, the front desk staff is very rude, and the high pressure sales tactics for dumb show tickets are ridiculous.
Here is my favorite buffet.
My favorite is the Mojo Cookie Monster\n\nI toss on a bunch of twix, chocolate syrup, butterfinger, peanut butter cups, and gummy bears\n\nSoooooo good!
My go to Mexican dive when I'm on this side of town.   Always delicious fast and affordable.   Baja Mexican style dishes.
When I think of \"Big Burritos\" I think of Los Fav's or Chipolte Burros. These burros, while yummy, are not filling. I expected more burro for $9! Throw in some chips and a drink for that price.
Food was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard, over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor. I will say the service was the best. Our waiter was great!!
Just had lunch there.  Had the steak salad.  The waitress was very accommodating for a few changes to the item.  I have been here twice now & will be back.
Bland food just like every other Mexican place I've tried here. Nice place, great service.
Can get really busy then the service goes to hell! On the plus side the security guard will help you try on wigs.. he's quite adorable.
Cereal milk shake, compost cookies, and lots of other fun unique desserts are as easy as walking up to the counter.We over ordered, so we had a good breakfast too. \nEverything we tried was really good.
I had high expectations of this place. I ordered a few different types of empanada, both savory and sweet. Only a couple of them were good...not great, just good.  Also, price is too high for what you get.
This place is open 24 hrs the place is super clean and the food is pretty good.
Hate coming here they take forever to make your pizza regardless if it's eat here/2go and the customer service sucks the staff is rude, I've had problems with my pizza before and they always have a attitude correcting it and never offer anything for my problem. Even with the new games and upgraded system
Everything is awesome.  Guac.  Their unique version of carne guisada tacos.  Carne con Queso was unique.  Redfish was tasty as well as the filet and Grouper.
Its just artificially flavored frozen milk. Nothing like real gelato. Couldn't finish the tiramasu. Felt as if was eating frozen chemicals.
Our family ate at Dos Caminos last night, slightly nervous after reading the reviews. We were pleasantly surprised at every turn. The white Sangria was fantastic, as were the chips, salsa and guacamole. Our family is pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food and we thought this was wonderful. Service was excellent.
We were staying a Legacy Golf Resort and went out looking for pizza. We stumbled upon this place and were very happy with what we found. Great food, nice wine selection and the staff is very cool! I would love to have a neighborhood place like this to frequent.
i don't see how this place is much better than some other fast food establishments. i'd rather go to in n n out.
after a few beers at the mason lounge, we stopped into falbo bros. and ordered a pizza for carry out. there were only three of us in the store but for some reason it took forever to get our order. their pizza is decent, but they need to speed it up.
Just OK - The food is pretty good but it is somewhat over priced in my opinion.
At here last night after a rough day.  It helped.  Ordered the duck breast and duck/pork meatballs and loved it.  The chocolate souffl\u00e9 was good as well.  The staff were friendly and service was great.
Service was just fine! But the problem was the my girlfriend left her phone on the table when we left. We went back to get it and not one employee would help us find it. Everyone we talked to said they didn't see it. We were gone at the most 15 min.
This is as good as it gets for Mexican food. And the Brazilian Margarita is to die for!
Blehhhh... just a new place for the old folks from Tom Ryan's to visit.... not a fan.
We ordered 25 cheese and meat trays from this place.  They accommodated our short time frame and the trays looked superb!  I will defiantly be using them in the future for all party platters.
A few words to easily describe the experience I had.\ndirty store, extremely cluttered and unfriendly, unhelpful staff. \n\nGo to Max Muscle.
Very good prices and open 24hours!  Awesome gas prices too!
Fast and affordable. And they do a great job What else do you need in a dry cleaners. Always ready the next day and you pre-pay so its a quick and easy pick up. Love it there I'm very loyal to them
So. Not. Worth. It.\n\nReally, save your money and have someone fire up the grill. \nK/W needs to nut up on their restaus. They are SEEEERIOSLY lacking.
We were heading home from Vegas and needed something to eat before we board our plan.  After walking around the airport, we settled for this place.  My husband and I, both ordered a sandwich.  Prices were about $9 each (there was only one size).  I do like the sandwich but the bread tasted stale.
Riga Tony's has EXCELLENT food!  Baked Riga Tony w/ Sausage and Meatballs!  Oohh yeah!  Wife and I are on our 3rd set of frequent diner cards...(in just under 3 months) :)  NEVER had a bad meal there!
Good collection. Horrible shipping and customer satisfaction. Paid in full and had to call to get the furniture. Delivery was promised by 8th Feb, did not arrive and was notified either. They were not apologetic either .\nWill think twice about buying from them.
Not a fan at all. Just got lunch special pad Thai and it wasn't good at all. I threw it out and I am still hungry. Please go somewhere else and enjoy Thai food.
Some selections are pretty good. Unfortunately though it seems as though some dishes weren't cookies thoroughly. Baked chicken  has blood in it still. I wasn't sure if it was edible at that point. The salmon sushi didn't taste very well either. The service wasn't that great either.
Beer and apps were okay but if you are looking for any sort of craft brewing atmosphere this is not it. Service was below average yet the place was slow. I like Sleepy Dog in Tempe but will never return to this location. Maybe it's an attempt to appeal to everyone but it just doesn't work here.
Very slow internet.. Bathrooms need a remodel.  Well below average quality for a Marriott property with above average price.
Went once after this place just opened.  Very disappointed.  Over salty pasta and mediocre apps.  Service was ok.  Will not returned.
After hours pizza to the rescue! Located near all the bars and clubs in DT Scottsdale. Good pizza at a cheap price whenever I what.... I'm in!
Menu not filled with foods that sounded good to me. \n\nService sucked \n\nChopped chicken salad boring all lettuce\n\nMini burgers not even worth 11.50\n\nI will never return to Sammy's!!!
I just moved to vegas a few months ago and I'm glad I found this place in my neighborhood.  Great customer service.  It took a few sessions for her to really get use to the shape I wanted.  I've been going there for 5 months and she always does a great job.
I have spent a couple weeks here in total. Its a great hotel off the strip. The room rates are affordable and rooms are clean and roomy. For the price, the smallest room is quite roomy. I got my room for 95 plus the resort fee. Thats a good deal for an upscale hotel.
For one of only a few restaurants, Anita's was pretty good.\n\nNothing too exciting - good mexican food, casual atmosphere at affordable prices.\n\nI was in town for Family Week at a rehab - wont be heading back to Wickenburg anytime soon!!
I made a mistake of ordering the chili cheese fries here. It was disgusting. Sadly the fries were good on its own. Stick with the sandwiches if you absolutely must eat here.
This is where I always go for my eye appointment. I think one of the biggest plus is how awesome they are with kids. My son is 2 and 1/2 and they did a great job with him.
It's pretty ballsy to think you can get away with only serving your own beer. ...especially considering they're not all that great.
Food is standard service is great, nothin to brag about, but it was a reasonable price and good brews
I ordered the chicken and beef skeeters. It was very tasty and the portion was very good. We will dig finitely come back.
This place is amazing.  Even though I am a diehard BBQ guy... This place will make it less difficult to stray.  Defiantly worth the trip.  Small and quant but the food makes up for the neighborhood.
Decent smaller club. The cover change was much lower than at other clubs in Vegas, and with a wristband you can get frmo guys all over the place you can get discounted cover and skip the lines.  Free champagne for women between 11-12 runs out FAST.  has both an inside and an outside section.
I walked in and the two people working there were extremely friendly. However, they were out of stock on what I was looking for, so I didn't get to try anything.
When compared to the central location the food is sub-standard as well as the service
Went there again the other night. Looking more and more rundown and the floor was filthy.
Called in a delivery order. Lady was super friendly. Got pizza, garlic knots and Italian salad with house dressing. Everything was delicious. Would order from them again for sure.
Phenomenal coffee and amazing people.  Coffee roasted in house and real, friendly people.
This is the first fine dining restaurant I ever went too and I go back as much as possible. I love the atmosphere and I always am impressed at the service. The food and drinks are always phenomenal.
Is the $24 hamburger worth it?\n\nYes. Yes it is.
Im from San Diego we have the best food and mariscos but this is as close as it gets pretty good
don't go without appointment
Super friendly staffs.cool drink for this hot Vegas weather,got our fav drinks after our gorgeous massage next door
Service is very friendly. The Portuguese omelette was great. The spuds are basically potato chips. I paid more to have hash browns which were good. I'll be back.
Ambiance is nice but the food lacks taste and is overpriced.. I also found it interesting that the waitress couldn't remember our order to save her life. Came back on several occasions to ask what we ordered.
Overrated. By serving everything tapas-style, Wicked Spoon has essentially increased the surface area of all dishes, allowing for maximum heat lamp dry-age. Yay.
I've probably been there at least 100 times. It never gets old. Just remember not to let the food sit too long. Fresh food gets cold and soggy fast. Eat inside or in the parking lot.
Ok course, nice driving range.\nFront 9 is boring, back 9 is more scenic and better quality with the exception of 1 tricked up goofy hole.\nI wouldn't pay a cent over $39.99.
Helpful staff, good selection and healthy plants. My second favorite nursery and one that I frequent often.
Go elsewhere!! The employees are slow and retarded. People that came way after us got their food first. Even after our buzzer went off the food was not ready because they ended up giving it to someone else!!!
the service is either hit or miss
Ohhh man this place has the most delicious butter burgers you've ever had in your life I'm talking about calorie blasting heart vessel clogging butter burgers delicious I think I'm going to give me one right now!!
I love everything about Paris except staying there.  The beds are worse than the beds were at Motel 6 in the 1970s.  The bedding is course, scratchy and thin.  The mattress is one of the least comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in.\n\nStay elsewhere but go enjoy Paris for the food and atmosphere.
YUUUUMMM!!! The PBBJ sandwich is delish!!!  A must stop and try!!  Josh and Jake are great hosts with an intricate menu of the classic sandwiches!
This place is amazing. The snow tastes great, the Bob a is delicious not chappy like other spots...and the owner is friendly and fantastic. I walk in and she always remembers me and everyone that comes in.
Food is overpriced and service is crappy. Servers are like 20 year olds dressed up in go go dancer outfits.Kind of like an Irish Hooters. At least at Hooters they have better service. Not really a comfortable place for girls.
Overly hyped. Small portions for high prices. Service was lacking. Food isn't all that great. Spice level sucks! Got 10 and it barely had a kick.
Other then my cultures food, Mexican food is on my A list.  Coming from Southern California how could you not fall in love with Mexican Fast Food. Im so glad they have a Robertos here, reminds me of SoCal....
Great tartare sauce and bloody Mary's but I walked in on a Saturday night looking for a bite to eat and the band was just so loud that as soon as we were done eating we were out the door. It's just impossible to hang out with friends and chat when the band is playing.
I found Archies far better then the big name deli in town (chompies)\ngreat food and help\nIf you try it once ,you will come back for more
LOVE this place!  Great spicy tuna rolls!  and AWESOME happy hours!  Great ambience and friendly staff.
This place Rocks! First of all I really enjoy the whole floating experience. I find it very relaxing. I always leave True Rest very relaxed and stress free. And the staff is very friendly with a great location close to the freeway.
As always, Maestros is on point. The blue cheese Martin, lobster mashed potatoes, and the 12 oz steak, medium rare.
While technically we didn't eat in the restaurant (we ate in the lounge), the food came from the same kitchen.  The salads were awesome but they lost a point on the dessert.
had one of their ham tortas and it was on POINT! not to mention the esquite! super happy to have this in urbana-champaign. thank you!
Good deal the and employees are nice and will help you until you find what you wanted, it's located at park west and it a nice place to hang out, but not a lot of people come to this store. Wish they are more closer to home.
Great customer service, free hot breakfast, and clean and big rooms!\n\nFree shuttle within 3 miles and $10 pickup from airport.\n\nI am very pleased with this stay!
Just had Taylor come by for rockstar party for my 6-year-old. They absolutely loved her. Second time using Celebrate Kids. Would definitely use them again.
Great food, beer, prices, staff and atmosphere.  I'll be moving to a house just down the street in a few weeks.  I think I've found my new favorite watering hole!
Don't order any food here. The food is gross and I don't think the kitchen looked very sanitary. PBR does offer really strong margaritas though, served in a cool little jar. They also over standard selection of beer.
Absolutely terrible customer service. Barely any communication, horrendous people skills. Overall a bad experience that was not worth the money. Leave your table messy so they can spend more time cleaning it. They deserve it.
The manager was extremely condescending and rude.
Pei Wei is always great! My family and I go and get edamame and chicken lettuce wraps! Lines get extremely long around dinner time. Best to go earlier in the evening or after 7ish. Fairly priced also!
Best Indian food I've ever had! This place was amazing. The buffet was only $10 and it had a great selection. It came with naan... Amazing! The service was great also. :) I definitely would go back.
Service was fast and kind. Food was affordable and quality driven. Excellent environment - right down to the look of the menus. Would recommend it to anyone seeking something different in E. Mesa.
I try to avoid this particular store unless I can run in and get what I need and go through the self check out.  The lines are always incredibly long, the customer service is nonexistent and there is a general attitude of apathy.  Shelves in the grocery section often have gaping holes.
I dream about their chopped salad...I, too, would use it as my screen saver if I didn't share a computer.
Great food and very attentive service.  The mushroom ravioli was to die for and the Talapia was very tasty.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
Very tasty and scrumptious desserts. Drop by and relax with your friends with a cappuccino and pastries, or pick up some dessert treats for the family. The girl who took care of me was very patient and made some great recommendations since it was my very first time.  I will definitely be back.
What a great place! The Tomahawk ribeye was fantastic. Great service too!
I ate here yesterday and I had the meal called the feast for one.  The prices were a little high but not un usuall for a bbq resturant.  They have these spicy pickles that are really good and their coleslaw is very good too.  The service was good and the food took about 20-25 minutes
Big disappointment food is not fresh tastes like canned tomatoes and instant rice.  Beans were microwaved before serving too. Place is not to clean either tables are sticky.
Not a bad place to eat, and the atmosphere is good. The issue I have is sometimes the service can be bad and it can take forever to get your food, but other times food is quick and service is great!
Did not stay here but visited the casino to gamble. Enjoyed the gambling the waitress were attentive and nice.  Did not win much here but had much fun.
While the rooms are showing their age a bit, everything else about this hotel is exceptional. The staff is friendly and helpful, the beds comfy the rooms clean. Free booze on weeknights and a decent breakfast. Plus they are pet-friendly, something hard to find these days. We have stayed here before and will again!
I have had a pleasant experience every time at this location. I have been taken care of quickly, efficiently, and with a smile. These guys are extremely friendly, and always explain in detail, what services were provided. I would recommend them in a heartbeat! A+ service
I really was not too impressed with this place.  The service was insanely slow.  The burger I had was alright, but it wasn't the best burger I've ever had.  My friend and I ordered the dessert burger out of curiosity.  It was kind of gross.  I'm not really sure why this place is so popular.
It was so AMAZING and COOL that I can't even actually describe it! My jaw dropped watching this show. It's definitely a must see when you're in Vegas!
Not so hot. We waited an hour for our meal. The waitress kept telling us that they were backed up in the kitchen. She did apologize and comped us a dessert. They haven't been open too long and they need to get the kinks out. Hopefully they will.
Had the wor wonton soup and Mongolian beef. \n\nSoup was great and filled with lots of good stuff. \n\nBeef dish was good but much more typical American/chinese cuisine
low key, fresh taste, good fries.  like the peanuts while wating
So I tried this place... Gave it a couple chances... But everything just seems off. Usually wrong ingredients in items... Or the food just tasting off. Yeah I really haven't been back and even though I drive by it I usually go home and cook myself... Good thing my mom taught me!
Whoever the girl is working tonight needs to find a new job. She couldn't of possibly messed our order up worse then she did; no straws for our smoothies, mine wasn't even a smoothie it was a liquid mess, the wrong chips with both orders, and not to mention it took forever to get everything as it always does.
A decent place to hang out on weekend mornings. Decent coffee, tasty bagels, and so-so bagel sandwiches. I've tried several of their sandwiches and been disappointed, but I'd still recommend this location overall. Try the upstairs seating; it's divine.
The setting is stylish - but feels like they are trying too hard.  Everything is a little predictable.  That said, the lunch menu is not predictable and looked promising.  Unfortunately, everything was a little heavy and a little greasy.  There is a lot of potential, but lacking in delivery and certainly not worth the cost.
This wasnt great at all. Fried chicken was VERY DRY and hard to eat my husband had the catfish and wasnt impressed at all. The greens however were very good but wont be going back for that alone. Ella Ems in North vegas is MUCH better.
Vintage Vegas at it's best! The retaurant is cool, but the lounge is awesome!! Perfect late-night spot for couples.
Ate lunch here. our food was good.  We shared so we could try 2 different things. Drank water so price wasn't a problem. Other items on the menu were pricey.
I want to rate higher but just can't. The food is ok, except the Nachos which are amazing, the service is ok, but the prices (for what you get) are too high. Can't really recommend.
Awesome Greek fries!!! Anybody who loves greek flavors must try them!
It should it should be called china trash for the absolutely disgusting food.. Nothing but a whole bunch of Mexicans fighting over crabs  and shrimp will never come back hopefully I wont diarrhea warning stay away!!
Mediocre Caesar salad\nTough sirloin
this cafe has SUPER good prime rib. Its not exactly conveniently located for locals unless you are headed to arizona/ boulder city or coming back.\n\nBut i higly recommend it if you are looking for reasonably priced decent prime rib.\n\nthe deserts, not so impressive.
The pizza is always great. Recommend the BBQ chicken pizza with bacon and banana peppers.
Food was good staff is friendly but I think pricing is way to high for pub food.
Good food and they even made it \"Thai hot\" which was nice. The only reason I give them 4 stars is they don't serve beer! Friendly owners in a very small place.
Beware! Yogurt here is just as bad as ice cream! Only one fat free flavor! At least that's what the dingbat girl at the counter told me. Don't get me wrong, yogurt was good but I choose frozen yogurt because it's supposed to be a healthier option.
Location is closed to everything and this place is great! I would highly recommend this place!
Stopped in here for lunch the other day. Quiet little independent Chinese restaurant that also has a Hawaiian style menu.\n\nNot many options for vegetarians, no tofu dishes to be found. Didn't really dig my noodles + veggies + pineapple dish, hence the 2 star rating.
Our party of 7 had a very enjoyable dinner here.  This review would have been 4 or even 5 stars, had my delicious seabass entree not made me vomit for 12 hours and the restaurant been unresponsive (or maybe indifferent?) to my phone call the next day to let them know about it.
They are pretty good. Some times you have to really pay attention to make sure they do a good job. I really like Trina or Fawn. They up charge you for using your credit card, which I'm not sure is legal....
Regular Fast food for our Mcdouble hamburger and Vanilla milk shake. One mistake today.....my vanilla turned chocolate milk shake.
The cashier and manager insisted that the veggie patty requires an upcharge  because it's more expensive than a beef patty. \n\nThis begs the question - how low quality is their beef if it's cheaper than a black bean burger?
Great new spot with great prices. Can't go wrong with chicken or a burger. I recommend to everyone.
Save three bucks and get the same burger at wendys...then get your fries at five guys since they cost two bucks at smash burger.  Overpriced average at best
Fantastic hotel in ideal location in Montreal's Old Town. Lovely rooms, a perfect blend of old world charm and modern convenience, and spotlessly clean and fresh. Located a block from Notre Dame and the archaeology museum, also an easy walk to a ton of great restaurants on St. Paul and nearby streets. Perfect.
I only had a simple word doc to print; needed 17 copies. They were the cheapest and super quick. Glad I went there.
Local neighborhood tavern with good bar food... Part of a chain owned  with a successful formula ...  fun place to go and eat a burger-- but NOT a great place to go sit and enjoy a nice meal and conversation.    hipsters hangouts in lots of costumes .
Bob and Kristin really know their stuff.  Just about every time we've been into the shop, we've asked for a recommendation for something new and they've never lead us astray.  Excellent selection of wines, cheeses and other delectable snacks.
I do like my Starbucks - I haven't been able to choose a favorite yet although today I tried the Grande Caramel Flan Latte with Soy milk and so far, it's better than the other drinks I have had - hope this one stays around for a while.
Sat inside the bar area. It took 45 minutes to get my food. The bar only had 1 server working. Wow! couldn't believe that 1 server for the whole bar. I cannot recommend this place ever. Read all the other reviews and you will change your mind. I won't ever be coming back
I had the nachos asada at Barrett Jackson and they were great. Instead of a small over priced portion you got a great size serving covered in a awesome queso.
This place has really good halal kohbedays.  However they close pretty early and are not even open on Sunday's . There hours are M-S 11-9.
Killer carne asada, good service, salsa bar, what else do you really need? Let's be honest...
fish taco friday!!!!!!\n\nthat is all.
Located just off Mill Ave.  When the weather is nice it has a great patio. Inside is a total dive. Pretty decent food but it is a total drunk fest type of place. Lots of ASU kids and a whole host of regulars whose sole purpose in life is just to hang out and get drunk.
I took my curtains in to be dry cleaned and I didn't put them up until yesterday I had it done the first of August. Well, to make a long story short I had water stains on 2 panels, these were not cheap curtains. I will never, never take anything to them again.
It's ashamed the food isn't better. French food is pretty easy to make if you have good quality ingredients and very affordable.  We dined on a slow night and even the service was poor. The waitress was not friendly rather rude to be honest.  Will not be returning as we gave it a second chance.
Great food , the salmon was to die for.\nThe waiter was informative and had a stupid attitude when we had questions ,good price  4 star since it was my first time here and I hate rude and very unfriendly waiter
Horrible service, worst margarita I've ever had, food sucked.  Guess if you're a drunk 20 something it would fine.  Horrible way too loud \"music\".  Waiter thought he should decide what we wanted for us, then ignore us.  Worst choice we made the whole weekend.
Friendly wait staff.  Authentic ingredients.  However the shawarma are nothing like I had in Kuwait.  The shish kabob is worth getting.   Basmati rice needs some work.   The market next door is great.
I was seriously surprised when I walked into this place!  The decor is over the top!  The menu was, sadly, pretty blan though.  There wasn't much to get excited about.  My salmon meal kind of sucked.  I wouldn't go back unless I felt the need to be surrounded by animal print.
Very large menu, but poor service. Waiters have far too many tables at peak times leaving the guest unattended and forgotten about. We were just a party of 4 and it was not a good visit.  Others around us had similar problems. There are far too many restaurants in Scottsdale area, avoid the headache and go elsewhere.
Great Pizza.  Long wait but it was worth it.
I come here to get my printer ink.  I also get the kids their school supplies from here every year. The lines move pretty quick here, even when they are busy. The staff here is very helpful. They always seem to have everything I need in stock.
For all the hype, I wasn't impressed. The food was good, but I thought the prices were high for what you get. I would try it again though, to see if my mind changes.
Just a regular place. They would not do my nails and pedicure at the same time, so not a good place for a person who goes bi-weekly for both! \nThe guy who did my nails was arrogant and he did not do that good of a job to act that way.
Not bad, but too small for price $18 for an adult admission. Touch a fish and a tunnel the most funniest things. A picture doesn't worth it.
Love, love this place.\n\nHappy Hour is wonderful. I have not had a bad menu item yet.\n\nService is great too.
In the past I've looked forward to even craved Pho Kim's fare.  Unfortunately, my recent visits have not delivered the consistent quality I've come to expect from this establishment.  I'm beginning to think this place is not what it once was.
A promoter tried to get us on the guest list .. We waited 4 hours and still didn't get in. Then a promoter tried to say that I said fuck you to him when he mis understood my words and then kicked me out if line. Completely unprofessionally as terrible customer service
Nice place . The only thing I would have change is all the team who works there. Very rude , never smiling , and always make u feel uncomfortable that you there.
Have to agree with some of the other commenters - in need of some renovations here. Have been coming for a number of years to different shows, etc. and it seems that nothing has changed here. Adequate, but getting outdated.
I love this place!  I don't care about the butter they put on their steaks, it remains the best I've ever had; sizzling plate and all!
Great crew! Fast, friendly, and always gets my order just right. Just be prepared to pay a little extra since it's in the resort.
Had the carne asada burrito. Carne asada was too dry and lacked flavor. Green salsa was excellent. The tortilla was slightly stale. Ate it all. Better as leftovers.
Horrible service. 1 server doing everything, including hostess. Food mediocre. Definitely not worth a second try.
Great service, happy associates - warm and friendly.  Excellent service!  The managers took time to talk with the customers and worked to build their team up!  Way cool to see
Good standby place, with good food. It's not a fancy place and it's not the best place ever but it's always good. Never had any problems here and it's not expensive either. I've spent a lot of time here over the years and there is a reason for that.
I ate here a hour ago. Feeling pretty sick hope its not food poisoning. Tried alot of the seafood. Not to impressed. The food didnt seem as warm as it should have. My fault for eating it I guess....would not recommend !!!!!
Excellent place for breakfast and lunch! The staff is incredibly nice and the crepes are delicious. The hamster crepe is my favorite while my boyfriend loves the florentine. I love this place!
It was certainly a great experience eating at this restaurant.  Sandwich was good, but nothing to rave about. Very messy and hard to get a bit because of it's size.  One of those places you tried once because it's a well known place.
OK...thankfully I got into this place for free. I am just not a fan of any club atmosphere. And this is just like that loud music and overpriced drinks. I can see why people would love this place. But I am not into this kind of thing at all.
Note: Cross reference w/ Bobby C's Cafe. \n\nThey still have the ninja bowls.
Pros: cheap, convenient location\nCons: crappy a/c (in the Phoenix summer) and cockroaches in the bathroom.
4/5 dangerous sweets. \n\noh my. sugar. bars. yum. i'm glad i can only get this when i'm in town for business, otherwise i'd have to get pants in new sizes.
Solid 3 1/2 stars.  Sashimi was super fresh.  All the cooked foods were not bad either.
M second time coming back... service was great. They helped me choose the colors I wanted and I didn't feel rushed. I will continue to come here. It's so hard to find consistent quality business in Vegas. The prices are very reasonable too.
I was not a fan of this pizza or place.\n\nThe crust is very thick and was over cooked I think because it was hard & dark :(
Amazing meal.  The dishes were inventive without being cloying or overly complicated. We had six seafood dishes each better than the last. They were all light but filling. I loved the tuna tartar, hamachi, and scallops min particular. Great atmosphere and service as well. Not cheap but worth it!
I like this place. I get drunk here sometimes.
Yes, another Vegas tourist trap.\n\nNew York, New York is an awesome sight to see but I'd say avoid Coyote Ugly simply for the fact that beers are $7.00 bucks.  But hey, it is a very female friendly bar.  My girl got a bunch of free shots.
Love this place...:)
Great conditions at rhodes ranch.  Greens and fairways are lush after overseed.  Rejoined players club which is a good deal if you like to play regularly.  Restaurant is also good all around.  A good course all around.
Great place to pick up really cheap veg*items. Hours of operation kind of suck though.
Really nicely maintained location - doesn't smell like a \"pet store\" like so many others and their outreach/adoption programs are great.
I cannot believe how SLOW SLOW SLOW the DT is here. How does corporate not get involved? There DT wait times must be HORRIBLE!
They didn't even have bollio when I went in and all the bread was overpriced
Hate your line system. Already paid but still a 40-50 min wait. Ridiculous. This is one of my favorite places to eat but the line is so hideous that I really hate you
The food here is the best in the valley. The rice is to die for. The salads are huge and so tasty. The spices on the meats are mouth watering and the service is personable and excellent. Family owned and operated, we should support them!
This park is a nice park with a lot of grassy area and connected to some nice trails. It is your average barely maintained City of Las Vegas park.
Place needs some tlc.  Larger kiddie part desperately needed.  Wet n Wild much much better.
We love the caribou!
Have tried it several times for pizza and the pasta and the food is good but the portions were lunch portions at dinner prices
Wasn't impressed.  The Brazilian hurt more than a regular Brazilian.  Whatever it is that they use isn't very good for my parts down there...or the tech sucked.  Either way, I won't be going back to this place.  Slow and painful....
I am not even sure this qualifies as a hole in the wall.  With that said their food is the bomb.  Try the confeit or pork belly. One of the best sandwiches I have ever had.
First time came here.I'm Japanese but taste is good and cheap.My family like!
Not great, but it is an airport.
They got my daughters and I in for pedicures and we were treated very well. We will be going again for Daughter & Mom day very soon :)
bleh-bad mcdonalds food.\nslow service.\nand never get orders right. ever.
Too expensive. I really like the frozen hot chocolate but I hate paying $11 for it. \n\nWe go here when we want a treat but there are so many choices on the strip that it isn't worth waiting in a long line for.
This is a good one... Go there!
If you are looking for the best food in any Irish pub in the Montreal area, Hurley's Irish Pub is the hands down winner. Live music and the best Guinness pour, friendly staff and folks from all over converge right here.
Pure genius - two friends find a passion and put it to work.  I tried the sea salt caramel - the best ever - dark chocolate makes it rock.  And, the chocolates are as pretty as they are tasty
Poor customer service and overpriced food that arrived cold. Wonder how long this place will last...
Just to many people and not enough casheirs  available. They always come up front when it gets busy but by then you have the long lines with someone fighting over  an ad price.
ribs lacked flavor, and bbq sauce was basically ketchup that scorched my mouth.
Happy hour was great. Beverages and 2 loaded appetizers for under $20. Worth the visit.
Good food and awesome customer service. i went there yesterday with my son for a quick meal. we ordered chicharon bulaklak, quek-quek, isaw and tapsilog and it's the bomb.
To have Cheesesteaks in the name...they miss having a great cheesesteak by a mile. I would love to find a good cheesesteak in Charlotte but this isnt the place. Plus its way over priced for the product you get.
I had a great first time experience here - and I hope it stays that way!\n\nI purchased their Groupon for the 3 works washes - such a good deal.  I go to get my car washed early - before work - around 7:30AM - right when they opened.  They did an excellent job, I was very impressed.
First time dining here and I will come back to try other dishes.  The Basil Chicken with a side of jasmine rice was excellent. \n\nA cool atmosphere and friendly staff.
Way too expensive for a turkey sandwich I can make at home. It was around $7.75 for the sandwich and a bag of plain potato chips. Small smoothie was $4.75. Over priced.
This is my new favorite fast food Mexican restaurant. Tried carne asada, quesadilla, and machaca all great. Hot salsa is great with a little kick. Mild is ok, but a little watery for my taste. This is a must try!
I don't think this place gets enough credit because it's hidden within this hotel. Food is moderately priced and delicious. I don't eat raw meat but couldn't stop eating my boyfriends medium raw prime rib!  Plus we went on Monday night and wine bottles were half price!
This is my daughter's favorite Thai restaurant, so she took me here for my 70th birthday.  I always have Green Curry the first time I try a Thai restaurant - and was extremely happy!  One of the best, anywhere!
Excellent pouting, however a bit on the pricey side. Really big portions with gooey, chewy cheese curds, though. :)
Atmosphere is casual, but food is GREAT! Plus...Fat Tire on tap! Read the rest of my reviews on Joe's for more details. Always a good experience!
This place is nothing special but got a bite to eat here, last minute before heading to a show. The service was fine, atmosphere was ok and the food was good.  I think my bill was around $20. Not bad for Vegas.
Ordered two BLT sandwiches. When I go the sandwich I could not tell until I smelled it. The tomatoes were very rotten, they smelled of strong urine and had white on them. Food Quality control is not good, I will not be going back to this resturant.
Mediocre food at best. The staff is pretty emotionless. They don't offer regular sushi anymore, and the fried rolls they do have aren't that great. There's plenty of much better places to go to.
It's decent.  We had thin crust.  I'm not sure if there were any other types of crust.  It's cheap at $3 a slice.  It's pretty small inside and usually there's a line out the door.  However, the line goes fast.
We've been ordering from this Domino's forever.  I can't remember ever being disappointed in what they delivered.  Only once was there an error, and a corrected delivery arrived superfast.  Love these guys.
Food was excellent, service great, good wine list, but way too large a markup on the wine.
Inattentive waitress keeps forgetting us both food and drink -- wanders off and must be flagged down. Food is greasy and flavorless, even the burger bun. Disgusting.
Awful taste! There is absolutely no flavor to any of the kinds of fro yo they are selling.  It's like frozen sugar water. Take lessons from U Swirl they have the best flavors! Never coming back here! Yuuuuuuck!!!!
Dave is a nice guy and helped me find exactly what I needed and made sure I was satisfied before I left.  I recommend this shop to anyone looking for auto parts or accessories in Phoenix-Tempe.
The best burgers in town. Grilled veggie appetizer rocks!
Great local gem!  Sea bass was off the charts, great wine and wonderful staff!
Average cafe.  Small not much seating but great lemon meringue pie!
Nice little park!  The dog park here is great - people are respectful, but just be cautious that it can get really muddy and there are mostly medium to large dogs playing there.  If I had a small dog I might not take it in.  Lots of easy parking, and some really nice views of the river.
Me and my fianc\u00e9 went here last night for drinks and dinner. Out of all the restaurants at this hotel this one was by far the worst. The bartender was extremely rude and the 15$ drinks were terrible. While the steak was pretty good I would not recommend going here
I Love this Grocery store, the idea of fresh and Fair trade, buying local, is fantastic!!! Friendliest cleanest Grocery store I have ever been to. The coffee selection is wonderful. Thank you Trader Joes!  please open one in Huntersville, NC
Very quite, interesting stores and events once in a while hopefully things pick up and be the old mall that it use to be fill with stores and people shopping :)
Gluten free dining and groceries in one cool place!
good food...i remember getting the rabbit, that was pretty yummy.
Night out at Mac's.  First went in thought everyone was at the lake.  We eat at Mac's about once a month.  Love the food, good service. Turns out everyone wasn't at the lake, place became packed.  If you have never been there, you should give it a try.  I think you'll like it.
She s great. I am totally recommended Her ;)
This would be a great place to open a retail store!!!!!!   Maybe they should hire some help to make spending money easier.  I'll spend my money on line.
Food bland, server a bit disinterested. Won't be going back
Did not like the egg drop soup.\nFried rice was ok\nSeems like they use the spare parts of the chicken for the dishes very chewy.
Free bean dip and salsa! The chips are hot and fresh. The portions are large so splitting helps to save money. I loved the mango margarita and the ambiance is fun. Great location!
Seafood Noodle soup had slices of pork. The cilantro garnish wasn't even chopped.
Good authentic Thai food.  My only issue is that the portions could be a little bit bigger.  I ordered the Pad-see-ew and was glad the chicken resembled chicken.  The noodles were coated with the correct amount of sauce, and there was plenty of broccoli.  Friendly staff.  The space is weird, but makes it different.
This show was awesome! We were entertained the whole time and the best part is that they make the audience part of the show! We had a great time and the music was really good! Dont sit in the first few rows because that's the splash zone lol
Italian food with Asian ingredient inspiration, perfect combination. Sweet service, contemporary industry design, total Griffintown style .
always a great time for the kids.
now open 24/7.  don't let the long lines scare ya--very efficient & a 10min wait at most. tasty soup.  i tried 4 more sandwiches & dug 'em.  awesome prices; i  bet most PH workers eat here all the friggin time, i would.  yummy yum yum
Unbelievable.  We were front-center, 11 rows up.  The best Cirque de Soleil I've seen.  An amazing acrobatics and aquatics show!!!  Every seat appeared to be a good seat.  Funny and great entertainment.
A bit out of my price range...but I love coming here to look and get ideas.
Sour food other than the rice. Everything we ordered was uneatable. Very disappointed. Seafood soup was sour
The store for pastry chefs, with an emphasis on baked goods like cakes, cookies, candies and muffins. Less so for those seeking items related to macarons. A nice selection of food colours (liquid), molds and some boxes as well. Excellent if you are looking for cake making items.
Just came into town, and had wonderful service by Vince.  The smaller portion menu is great as well.  It is nice to get great customer service it is a real treat when so many companies could care less about it.  Vince does and it showed.
Probably the worst buffet I've ever had.  Do not come here.  Overpriced.  Poor selection.
If you like a little extra in your food like bread tie raps this is the place.
Loved the Salmon Dish!
Rangoons were cold, rice was dry and old as was the noodles.  Worst of all service was very slow.
Very slow taking the order and giving me the order when it was done. It was the middle of the night and a few people there.
OMG best place ever - the hostess / waitress was amazing \n\nShe let us order after hours \n\nBest cocktails \n\nSuperb vegetarian options \n\nGreat for meat eaters \n\nI'll be back tomorrow
This location is closed. The store closed over a year ago. The nearest hallmark is on the NW corner of Rural & Ray.
Forgot my cheese for my sandwiches, but didnt forget to charge me! Then when I decided to stand up for all those out there who have been shorted their order, they were closed! You win this round, Wendys. 2 stars for my 2 missing cheeses.
Excellent for lunch or dinner, with extremely authentic decor.\nPopular with the local business crowd so pre-booking is a must.\nKnowledgeable & friendly staff make dining here a very pleasant experience & it won't be long before I go back.
This chain was crap in Los Angeles, and they are crap here in Nevada. So Much for 2nd chances.  Good luck trying to get out of there without them trying to push some other cost onto the bill. They recently came up in the news in a sting operation where they were over charging customers for services not request etc. Stay away from this place.
Morning OJ?? Yes please!! I wish I would've had an appetite for something else. However, next time I will definitely make La Grande Orange my breakfast at the airport spot!! Just remember its past Security Check!! \nOh and I must mention that they always deliver AMAZING Service!!!! :)
Food was good but at 300pm they were out of several items. Pretty good selection of beers.
Awesome loose leaf tea spot in the North Phoenix area. You can have a cup/pot of tea in-house, or buy a variety of teas to go.\n\nHUGE selection of loose leaf teas. If you're a tea fan, a visit to Souvia is a must-do.
Well stocked, great service, good fun atmosphere.
smoke filled bar that serves TV dinners
Seriously this is one of the best Mexican places I've ever had. It's like a more authentic chipotle but it's so yummy and full of flavor! The steak and the carnitas are amazing! Defiantly a must try because it's one of the best in vegas!
I felt so lost during my 4 years at this school. It's very big and nobody really knows who you are. It's also expensive.
The male nail techs watch TV while giving you a pedicure. They also chat it up the whole time. A little respect please! Sheesh!!!!
Lucky I got free ticket. The lines where so long I did not even attempt to wait. Just terrible. I was going to ask a few friends to go with us. Thank goodness we did not. I would have felt terrible if anyone paid money to get in.
Best gym in town.  Great people, great professors!
Newly remodeled and it has been offering special rates for quite some time! Appearance looks much more modern and trendy than it used to...still on the small side compared to other hotels, but not bad! The dingy smoke smell is gone as well, and ventilation is much better!
No Wi-Fi which at this point is a must have for those of us meeting customers out for breakfast.  The greeting staff was rude and won't seat you until your entire party arrives. The food is good but giving two stars in that service carries a heavier weight for me over Breakfast food quality.
The ramen and the fried rise are amazing the only bad thing is the service was rude
we had burger and roast beef sandwiches. the burger was average and the roast beef was simply terrible. the best thing in the dish we could find was the potato chips. the curiosity cost us $20, ouch!
Good pastrami and patty melt. Expensive, but big portions. Definitely spiltable
They do great quality work. The only reason I did not give them five stars is for their lack of customer courtesy not once but twice. I am a very patient and understanding person, but being rude twice means you dont want my business and I tipped 20%.
Small tiffany's but has a great selection. They were so nice. They did a quick cleaning of one of my rings and it sparkles like new again! I had to wait a few to get some service to get some earrings because most of the employees were up in the front helping people with the diamonds, where I was just buying silver
carrie's thinks that old stuff costs more than new stuff, but this is not the case.
Decent gyros, but it is kind of a dive in the middle of Pittsburgh.
I have one complaint. I ordered a pizza with green peppers on it and they were the worst green peppers I've had in my life. I picked them all off and the pizza was pretty good.  So I'll go there again and just avoid the green peppers.
Good sandwiches, strong 420 vibe.\n\nIt's hard to order anything besides the white widow because it is just sooo good.\n\nDon't forget to grab a homemade rice krispie treat. \n\nThey deliver, but expect it to take an hour if you live close.
I'm still eat here, because I love Thai food....and there aren't too many Thai restaurants downtown, near my building. The food here is pretty good, and the prices are reasonable.  The waitstaff is so-so.
The best Mexican in the Queen City! Great prices and friendly staff. The pico de gallo is so fresh. Never have I had anything bad.
Terrible service. The chicken Marseille was overly drenched with sauce and overwhelming. Also the philly cheese was sub par with very little meat. However, Randell was very helpful and personable. Out of 10 people working he was the only\n standout and the place only had 6 guests.
Bad service & location
Tried bfeef shawarma for the first.. yummy
I'm updating the review I wrote almost a year ago when I first moved to Pittsburgh.  Either I've gotten used to the hipster inspired service, or the employees have become friendlier.  Bottom line: Great place to study and good coffee.
i had a chocolate cupcake from this today and currently am suffering from food poisoning. i suspect that it's salmonela.  i threw up everything that was inside me and still can't move, and have a crazy headache.  watch out when eating their cupcakes.
It's always hit or miss at this location . Some of the servers are super nice and friendly, while others are horrible, and really rude. I still come to this location because it's the closest to me. * insert big sigh here*
To darn expensive
The best Italian sub I've had yet! The bread was so soft & fresh. The meat was extremely good. My husband's meatball sub looked amazing, he was going on about how good it was. Be prepared to get messy while eating here!
always go to the clearance section. Look at reduced meats and cheeses.
Went yesterday for dinner, Irish stew signs posted all over. As I approached the counter I was told they were out. I was disappointed but stayed for a soup and sandwich. Both were ok at best, but I did not get my chocolate covered strawberry. Not a good experience.
Ein ultra-preiswerter Grieche
Slow service and not consistent with other locations. Overall the restaurant is extremely loud if there is any sort of game on.... I would frequent other uptown places over this.
This place is a scam, don't order sashimi or nigiri because pieces are ridiculously small!
Service terrible. Asked for a water 3 times, they brought one meal 10 mins before the others, and the others took a long time. \n\nSushi was decent and is only 1$ (select menu items) on Sundays and MAYBE Monday too.
Friendly service, good ice cream. Those of you that haven't been here yet here's the deal- You pick your base, either custard, yogurt, etc depending how much fat % you want, then flavor, then mix ins/toppings.
This store is down the street from my house so it's somewhat convenient but I can never find any workers! It drives me crazy. I never come here on the weekends or around holidays anymore it's too crazy!
Among all the sushi places I have been to around the town, this is the BEST sushi place ever!! Every dish has it's own distinct taste !!  I been there more than 6 times already!
so this is an update to my first review and same order. I had ordered the sticky rice as well and when I was eating it, I found a straight white hair in the middle of the sticky rice. I know its not mine or anyone who lives here because it was straight stuck in the middle like it was cooked into it. so gross!
I've eaten everything on the menu here and it is good! Try the spinach enchiladas if you're feeling adventurous! They're great!
disappointed seeing how I came from LA\nthere isn't as much hot dogs as the other one they only have like 4 specialty dogs and the one in LA it covers the walls with their specialties\nthe food wasn't as good as LA \nmight have been same things but it just didn't taste right with me
First time there in years and my daughter loved it! She loved how the lights were everywhere and especially the express train. I also liked how you can take pictures with santa. Everyone was friendly and helpful there too! we will definitly be returning next year :)
Bad business practices. Do not use I repeat do not use! Can I give no Stars??
Definitely was not blown away by Franktuary. Meatballs were subpar at best and the hot dog were okay. The best part was the fries and the dipping sauces available. I've only been there once but I don't think I would go again. Nothing special at all.
I have flown Southwest for a long time and they are an ok airlines. I would fly with them if it takes me more then 3 hrs to get to my destination but otherwise you would be better of on Jet Blue or Spirit which is way cheaper for example if you were going to LA or SD.
We enjoyed a very romantic dinner at this place.  Our server was excellent and attentive.  He was late on bringing us our wine, so we got a complimentary spicy lobster sushi roll!  The tuna roll, oyster and okra tempura and lamb chops were also amazing.
Good LORD this was probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  All that was missing was a crackpipe and a police body outline on the ground.  I was even afraid to take off my socks in my own room!!   BUT you get what you pay for and I did pay a ridiculously low price to stay here.
I love Panda Express. I mean. Get a grip people. Are you really expecting real Chinese food when this place is fast food? Not sure what's wrong with everyone else but I don't get sick after eating here. I love this place.
Nightmare.  It's a ghost town. Needles in parking lot. \"Lobby\" is a hotel room with undesirables hanging around. Asked to see our rooms before checking in, given the key, room was filthy.  Saw a sticky note re: bedbugs.  Bolted, as fast as possible.
Great find in the heart of NoDa. Crowded on a Thursday a night, good mix of crowd. Good beer list, but not so much on the spirits.
First time visiting the other day.  Good service, awesome wings and rings, and lots of tv's.  I was on lunch break at work so I couldn't drink or let loose, but overall a good bang for your buck. Didn't receive any attitude when we used a coupon either.
DO IT.  Although if I could do it again, I'd rather go at night when everything is lit up.  The only reason we had to go in the day time is because there was a 60 minute wait the night before - even at 11 pm.
With all the great restaurants in Vegas why anyone would go here is beyond me.\nThe prices were high (I do not mind paying for quality food)  and the food was mediocore.  I am being generous with those comments.  Service was average\nFind another place to go.
It was 60++ floors up with great views of the city.  DJ was a craftsman with his mixes.  If the was a down side it would be the prices but what club in Vegas worth going to isn't?
great sushi for all that u can eat . the best in north west Las Vegas. The main trick is to order all of your rolls in the beginning. We will always come back.only down side is that the  Service is  slow.
Awesome ceviche... Gave it a 4 because the service needs help. Otherwise I'll be back!,,,
best hazelnut milkshake everrr!!!!!!! \nso fcking rich, flavorful, heavenly etc. \ni could drink it every day \nif you do not get this, you will regret it forever. \nahhh i want to go back.
Sort of a family run place with the best Pho in the valley. Nothing fancy going on here, just good eats. I've never ordered anything except the Pho, so can't speak to the rest of the menu... But really, why would you order anything else?
I've been here a few times and each time, my alterations have taken longer than quoted and without notice, and the service I have gotten is more-or-less rude. I have also had things measured on me there ahead of time which still did not fit properly after being altered.
Went here for lunch and took advantage of the all you can eat sushi deal.  The fish was not fresh, made me sick.  Do Not Eat Here!
This is my new favorite place. \n\n I love that they always have a new selection of freshly brewed beers.  I do not like the fact that they run out of those beers and you cannot get  them the next week.  The food is very tasty. I am going to try the brunch soon
Good selection, cooked well and seated quickly. The milkshakes looked good but we didn't have one. The burger wasn't the best in the city and mediocre service. It felt like a long wait for the food. For a late night food option (past standard close of 11pm) it was good.
Good Mexican food not the best\nService is kind\n\nFavorite is the chimichanga with sour cream mmm also love their chips
I wasn't too thrilled with the place. They didn't have much of a selection and they didn't have larger sizes. I just sat next to the mannequin on the couch until my friends were done. Even their jewelry selection wasn't that appealing. \n\nThe decor is great!
Decent vibe, but they really should have more Champagne by the glass.
Food was excellent. Service was horrid. Had to ask for a wine list and then they proceeded to actually \"ID\" a well known actor friend of whom the reservation was under their name. I would go again but would call ahead and make specific arrangements for your group first especially if its a business dinner.
Everything here is old. The owner is a dick. He treats his employees like trash (I was a larger kid and he told me to lose weight instead of getting me an XL employee shirt). And he still owes me $5 from unpaid time. Not worth going back for though. I would never patronize this place after meeting this man.
I ordered the litchi smoothie! Decadent, and deserving off a return visit.\nEveryone else in my group loved their drinks/deserts. No complaints!
After waiting more than twenty minutes for service I walked out today.  I have never walked out of a place before.  This Coco's is an EPIC FAIL!  Skip it.\n\n*It should be gone by May 2011*
Stopped in to get brakes replaced. Discovered there was significant work that had to be done. Don and Patti are the BEST. They made an immediate opening for me, gave me a fair price and treated me with exceptional service. Highly recommend their service.
I've been there twice and looks ok. Nothing special to me, decent food, good beer but I am not going craze for it!. Fried calamari a bit greasy but tasty, fish tacos ok, steak was very good. I love coffee and they don't serve cappuccino. Great service!
Five stars is not enough! I had a crack in my windshield and needed it fix ASAP, in just a day they were able to come to my house and fix it at the lowest price! Jose and Luis did a fantastic job in less than an hour. Thank you guys so much.
Good simple pizza!! If you're looking for a quick slice of pizza go there you won't be disappointed!!!
Since the previous review Jennifer contacted me from the vets office to apologize about the long wait. I was pleasantly surprised that they took the time to check into why I waited so long and to call me and explain why. I will more than likely be taking my dogs back here.
Honestly? It tasted weird. I was visiting extended family and we bought two pizzas--1/2 veggie/meat and one cheese. The sauce was too sweet and the veggies were not at all what I expected. Now, Mineo's...better pizza.
We're usually routed through here for our Caribbean trips as well. It's a pretty decent airport, not as much hustle and bustle like LAX or Philadelphia has. I think because of us coming through this airport so much, I'd like to explore Charlotte a little more, it seems like a pretty cool place :)
Not my kind of food but the vegetarian options are available.
No hotdogs on the rollers.... FAIL. Circle K has few expectations but gas, coffee, and hotdogs are a must for a five star rating.
Great park for family fun. They even host music festivals there which is fantastic. Something for everyone for sure!
BBQ mix was pretty good.
This is one of my favorite lunch spots!! With that being said, the food is fresh, the lunch specials are awesome but the customer service can be a bit tedious.  The staff is friendly but sometimes we have to wait for them to come back around.
Typical McDonald's in terms of food, however, this location is a lot slower than others. That can be a good thing since your food will be hot and fresh, but not so much if you're limited on time. They always get the orders right, which is a plus.
Nice looking place ... food wasn't bad ... just something I didn't like ... not sure what ... sorry for the horrible review.
Awful place. Avoid at all costs!
Great food. Wonderful find.
Best margaritas in town!\n\nFood is affordable & very delicious! Best chicken tacos I've ever had!
I like german food and good German beer. Penn Brewery had both Their Penn Dark is GREAT.
Food was excellent, friendly staff.\nGreat outdoor patio
Good coffee as you would expect at Starbucks, quick service, but totally turned off by the employees constant chatter amongst themselves. I really don't need to hear what friend did what, superbowl plans, what they had for dinner.....
Great food, but maybe they didn't have enough staff to accommodate the amount of guests.
Very nice! Greens are challenging.  Both courses are well kept and make you work your game to the course. Played Palm last week and Mountain next.
Worst service ever! 2 unfriendly hostess in front were talking to each other and we had to ask them to seat us. Then it took 15 minutes to approach our table and that was after we asked for help. The food was ok.
Reservations is preferred .  The decor is a bit old fashion and kinda classy.  We dressed casual and didn't get good service.  We went with another couple and they agreed too.  My fillet mignon was okay and this place is very overpriced for the quality.  We had better service and experience even at an expensive taste.
Come on you guys!!! Lets get it together, The consistency is getting treatable.\nGoing to lose a good customer, plus the groups I bring in on Sundays
Awesome place, especially when Tori is working. She rocks.
Love their sushi here. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. There is on street parking, and also a parking garage across the street.
Returned an item with receipt had to wait in one line then they give you another receipt you take to stand in another line to get your cash or credit back. Very stupid process!
Trout is amazing, didn't try the mussels but wish I had they look fantastic.\n\nIf you've never been, come for an amazing meal and a bottle of wine at retail prices.  Can't miss!
This place is BEAUTIFUL! Newer Vegas for sure! It's a must to check this place out!
Philly cheese steak omelet Was amazing!  I like am usually disappointed with omlets, they taste too commercial.  But this tasted awesome!  \n\nThe waitress was ok, nothing worth writing about!  As long as my food was good!  That's what is important to me!
This is my neighborhood Chinese Restaurant and a family staple.  I personaly like the roasted / peking duck.  The Shrimp Lo-Mein is good, Fast, Friendly Service, No MSG.\nLunch Specials  during the week are awesome too.
Simply the BEST thin crust chicago style pizza in the state!! Worth every minute of the wait - wings are great too!!
Yumm, had a salami 10\" pizza and a coke for 5 bucks wow! And it was great!  Just like the east coast stuff! Tried the pepperoni was great as well. This was my second try here, got the boars head turkey sandwich first time was great!
The Good News: Authentic BBQ smell, tasty menu, prompt and friendly service.\n\nThe Bad News: Totally generic  atmosphere and the music is loud and the worst selection of 80s rock  I've ever heard. It felt more like a chain restaurant than a local joint.
Everything you'd want in a local brewery - great location, fun atmosphere, really a lot of effort put into the beer.
This place had the best breakfast on the strip.  I am so sad to see it's closing.  It will be missed.
Oleg, the guy who buys gold and silver was great! He was honest and even hooked me up, i definitely recommend him
Inexpensive...well situated(Latin quarter) large well furnished clean rooms...friendly helpful staff...indoor pool and bar/restaurant on site...very nice.  If I'm ever back in Montreal I would stay here again.
Once again tonight out of chocolate ice cream do the northwest a favor and close down!!!!! You guys suck!!! How does an ice cream shop run out of ice cream???  Go to Golden Spoon from now on spend your money at that business!!!!
Thanks Wookie for the great service again
This was one of the best meals I have eaten in Vegas. It is perfectly portioned and the food tasted great too. Even the mojitos were good.
Good Thai food here.  Had laarb kai, chili mint, and pad Thai.  All great dishes and made very well.  I'm a bit surprised that their main competition is across the street, lotus of siam.  Well, food here is definitely good and worth a stop.
New pita caf\u00e9 is a welcome addition to a classic bakery and some of the best hummus in Pittsburgh. A great menu with fresh and local items served quickly efficiently and kicked up condiments and extras at every turn. This is the best Mediterranean food in Pittsburgh bar none. Chef Greg keep it coming
Very cute rustic place. love that they have this for your wait for the most delicious pizza in US. had Cascinetta Viette Moscato
This location at Power & queen creek never has a working shake machine!!! yesterday it was St. Patrick's Day and NO shamrock shake!!! Today no shakes still. What a joke!!'
I love Filipino food, and this place has just that.  If you're craving adobo or banana lumpia, stop here and grab a plate to go.
One of my favorite breakfast spots. Fast service and great food.
Expensive menu, food not worth the price. I would go somewhere else if I'm in this terminal again. The service was good, but the monetary value for the food was poor.
It was ok.\n\nI wouldn't go to the place again though.
Sadly, the food here wasn't very good :/  I didn't even finish my milk tea...and I love milk tea!  The whole place was deserted at lunch time.  The food is just standard Chinese food like from Panda Express or something, except without meat.  But their fake meat recipe needs some tweaking...
I was worried because I only had 30 min before I boarded.my flight...I ordered a Denver omelet to go and it was out in 10minutes!!! I guess I got lucky :) The D gates doesnt have many good choices for breakfast so ill definitely be returning on my next trip!
A great store for your fixer uper needs, but the staff generally does not have a clue about what anything is.  If they just gave the staff a training course it would be great!
Opens till late. Best place if you want to escape the cold on a very chilly winter night. Free WiFi.
This place is not clean!  Had my nails done there yesterday but noticed that the nail stations and towels were dirty.  My nails look good but if I get fungus I will sue.  I won't be back.
Slows service, 25 minutes for 1 bagel... And while I waited got a nice view of behind the counter, which was disgusting.  Next tome I'll go the extra four blocks to the Nosh. Better bagel anyway!
Loved it! Awesome waiter, service and food. Big portions for great price. Yummy food. I got chile relleno omelet. Oh and I got to use a coupon buy one get one free. I got the coupon from this lil book all cabs carry
I've tried all kind of fries from AJ. Simply put, THEY SUCK.\nIf you want sweet potato fries go to Fuel & Fuddle or UPMC Montifiore 7th Cafe has even better and great sweet potato fries!
Food was bland. Chicken was dry and flavorless, vegetables were overcooked and tasted strange. Mashed potatoes were good.  Service lacked enthusiasm or any amount of interest in working for a bigger tip.  He was nice enough, but had no energy.\n\nWill never go back.
We had lunch, loved the Red Velvet Bacon Waffles with cream cheese butter it was amazingly awesome! The French Dip was the best i have ever experienced in my lifetime!
SCAM! Do NOT order from here. They took my money, never delivered the cheesecake, and just stopped responding to my messages. When I reported that incident to my bank, they said they delivered on time. After reading this, I am completely shocked that it happened to others, too.
I ordered flowers long distance from California for a friend who had just lost his mom. The staff at Karen's was knowledgeable, courteous, and overall superb. \nThe flowers arrived and were absolutely beautiful. They put some positive into an otherwise dreadful time. Amazing job overall!!
Good happy hour specials. Love their skinny marg. Good patio.\n\nI LOVE their salt and pepper wings. Their steak tacos are bomb too.\n\nThis place is always hopping on weekends. We usually start here when we go out in Scottsdale.
3 strikes up front.......atmosphere TOO loud,  cocktails without garnish (Manhattan no cherry, martini without olives) ,no iced water served as requested....but the food was good! signed confused.
Great session. I learned more in 3 hours than I did in years of tinkering with my camera.  Okello answered a lot of questions and knew specifics to my camera! Great for beginners
Great food wine and ambiance. We had a great time and experience. Will definitely return
I love this store as long as I find amarula and Curacao at a nice price!!! :-) there is only one thing bothering...juices and snacks are a bit too expensive,.
Nice campus to visit. It's pretty big and I found it a little easy to get lost (it's very spread out) but not bad.
I was not impressed. The cover was $30 for ladies and $40 for guys. Seriously? I don't have a problem paying cover, but $30 is excessive. I ended up just heading over to a lounge that was also located in the Luxor instead.
I had the spicy sausage and mushroom. Not much meat though the pizza tasted good. Mostly dough and cheese. Everything else seems fine. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
This is a regular spot when I am in Montreal, very non-expensive for a great vegetarian veggie-tali, did not like the poutin however, but doesnt stop me from going!
One of my favorite breakfast places in Vegas, along with its sister the cracked egg on the west side.\nthe stuffed french toast is one of the best things on the menu, but they have very good food over all.
Asian food for white people.  Not terrible but very, very bland.
What happened to the famous 1.00 Hot Dog! Now they have 2 for 5 bucks, what a dissapointment. Once again something great is changed for the Almighty dollar. Greed
This would be 5 stars as everyone I have dealt with is nice except Rosemary, she is maybe one of the worst managers I have ever dealt with in any company. No common sense or customer service skills. I will no longer be going to this location because of her.
The coffee cake is amazing. We go to this place every time we are in Vegas. \nThe portions are pretty large and it is a nice place to take your family for breakfast or lunch.  \n\nI am a picky egg eater and they get my eggs right every time.
Don't come on a Tuesday evening,  if you want to sit down in 15 minutes.  Be ready to wait at least 45.  Crazy busy.  Food is okay
I had bad service here today- besides the nice man who helped me find my books. But other than that, the cashier and Starbucks cashier were both in a huge rush, bad mood... Once someone has an attitude, they give YOU an attitude. And hmmm... I have quite an attitude now.
They have been harassing me for month about paying for tests on my cat that I didn't authorize. I changed vets a while ago because the first experience I had was a good one but every other after as been horrible.  I won't ever go back.
Beefeater sandwich was great!
.59 fountain drinks! Can't go wrong! Weird people at night, but that's any gas station.
We eventually got our food, it was delicious. The waitress didn't charge for our drinks, and did apologize again. The host told us about additional military specials they do. Overall, we are still abundantly disappointed; if only because she didn't come out right away to tell us she had lost her sheet and didn't have our order.
Very fresh with some originals like monkey roll. Actually has fried banana. Yum.
Fries were very good & they give you plenty of them.  Hot fudge sundae was tasty. I'd return.
Average place.  Average food.  Fried stuff and fried burgers.  Loud.  Rowdy crowd for fish fry.  Much better places around... Unless you like average.
Great food and good place to bring your dog (for outdoor seating) they even have a doggie water bowl :) and enjoy breakfast or lunch
I am here at least 2-3 times a week.  The staff is amazing, the draft beers are always fun and often obscure, and only $2.50 during happy hour.  The food is excellent.  And, they play a great selection of old school hip hop.
This place rocks! Cade is a great server. Try the Chicken Rolls! Get extra jalape\u00f1o sauce!
A really fun place for kids. No adults allowed unless accompanied by a child. Appropriate for kids up to about 14. The noodle jungle is fun for all ages. Gift shop and food available.
Nice place to have a beer in the summer ! Good menu
We went here on a friends recommendation, and left very impressed.  The Sunday Gravy was delicious, as was the chicken masala.  Definitely felt we found a gem of a place in Vegas, with reasonable prices and a good location near the Strip.  They also had an excellent wine menu.
Very nice modern hotel. Centrally located on the strip but not as busy as other nearby hotels. Perfect for people who likes to be close by everything but be able to escape the crowds if needed. Nice restaurants in the resort as well.... Don't miss Jean Philippe patisserie ....to die for!
Purchased 3 Groupons for this place and used 2 of them.  Had the Gyro platter, which was \"meh\".  Went back to use my 3rd Groupon and the place was closed for business.\n\nReturn Factor - 0%
Were watering down the green sauce when I was here last time.  I usually go to the one in Gilbert, but went to this one since I was in the area.  The green sauce was not near as good, and you could tell they were watering it down.
Gross. Found a hair in my food & when I told my waiter...he didn't believe me?! This place will never get my business again.
Full plate of not so tasty and unrecognizeable food. \ntacos were soaked in grease.  Phoenix just doesnt know how to do Mexican food....:-)
Not the greatest mall in the valley, but also not the worst! Decent selection of outlet stores and an ok food court. They recently added an aquarium which I think will add to the appeal. It's a shame that they closed Gameworks.
I had dinner with a group of 12 people and I have to say I had a great experience. We ordered wings, bruschetta, artichoke dip, and pizza.  Everything was delicious and our server was very prompt.  I will be visiting NYPD again!
Everyone I know raves abut this place but I find the food average and overpriced. The service is excellent and the ambience is higher-end casual.
Vraiment bon vraiment rapide\nLe seul mauvais point: la musique est beaucoup trop forte il est impossible de s'entendre parler
I will have to go back and perhaps try a hook and ladder. I went for the first time and ordered the meatball. On the board it says that it includes Italian sausage but there was none on my sandwich. The service was good but I'm not convinced it was worth the price.
This is the original location. All the food here is super yummy, even the seafood! The servings are big but it can get a little pricey if you want extra stuff like avocado and whipped cream. Los Tacos is one of the VERY few Mexican eateries that actually serve quality meals.
Food was decent. Ordered shrimp combo platter which was great. What turned me off was the smoke from the bar. The bar wasn't separated from the eating area and we could smell all the smoke. Sorry, but that doesn't make any meal worth coming back.
We had a $75 food and beverage credit during our stay at the Signature so we ate here twice.  The sandwich was pricey considering they were more bread than anything else and did not taste that good.  Earl of Sandwich is a million times better.
Had been here many times before during happy hour. I guess they stopped doing it just a few weeks ago. Thanks for still advertising that you DO have have it. Literally doubled my bill. Will NOT be returning. Ever.
So nice of them to close while they are currently offering a deal on Living Social. Don't forget to request a refund if you recently purchased yours!
Quick . Usually a pretty Busy location.
Best pizza in the area!  Flaky crust, good sauce and toppings.. It costs more but is worth It!  Staff friendly.
I love jimmy johns!! But  first time at this location and I have been waiting 10 mins for my sandwich! And there is maybe 6 ppl in here! That is just insane I would hate to see this place if they were slammed !!! And they have about 5 ppl working!!
This is a great bar. Their terrace is an excellent place to have a beer (if you are lucky enough to get a seat). Their brews are good---in particular, I like their saison. I've seen people get pitchers, which is not explicitly on the outside menu.
I am new to the area and this is what I call a local neighborhood bar.  They have new TV's so watching the games over there is a blast.  The food is really good as well as super affordable.  If you are looking for a nice little bar to kick back at, look no further.
Top notch sushi resto in Vegas!
I have been using this facility for several years.  The doctor's service has been fine, however the office has continually gotten worse.  When calling the office it is usually a minimum wait of 20 minutes.  Several times I have been disconnected.  I feel they need to get better or more office workers who appreciate a persons time.
It's a like a stampede when you enter this store! The least of the problem is the other shoppers, but the staff are gruff and unfriendly. Wasn't worth it for me.
Save $ get your doughnuts at Fry's. The doughnut I got tasted like it may have been at least a day old. The shop isn't very clean or fun to look at. I was hoping it would be a fun little shop to take my daughter to.
Does a great job at what is supposed to do: make great Mac and cheese. I tried the buffalo chicken. Would instantly eat here again.
Placed a to go order and the loopy girl taking it royally messed it up. But the manager brought out my correct order really quickly. Additionally, he let me keep the food that she had erroneously given me. Then he offered to refund the entire meal back onto my credit card. Way to go with great customer service!
Nasty is all that I have to say.  Don't come here even if you're deadly craving for Vietnamese food.  It's overpriced and food is disgusting and loaded with MSG (normal for most place but this one has way too much).
When you want a lot of clothes for not to much. It use to be a must before we got one locally. But this particular H & M seems to have more selection then at home.
Due to unfortunate events at this gym, I am highly disappointed in the unprofessional goings on that have occurred here. I am satisfied with the way I was treated here but after careful consideration, I will seldom be using this facility.  Thanks for the memories and great friends but I am disappointed that one of the best trainers is leaving here.
The quality has dropped from our last 2 visits, shrimp were old and mushy. What a shame I really enjoyed this place.
Yep, no thanks. Service was great, but the food was far from it. First time for my entire group and we definitely won't be back. I'll stick with Terrace Cafe' for my breakfast. Even iHop is better.
After a long time I made the venture down to see what all the noise was about.. Food Trucks.. Yeah.. so? Got some Lumpia from Hey Joe.. Checked out the different choices and was amazed at the variety. Can't wait to get time to go back.
The pancakes taste like they come out of a Bisquik box: very dry and bland. They brought out all of our plates except one, which we had to ask them for and then wait another 5 minutes for them to actually bring it to our table
I tried and will, in the future, pass on the spring rolls, \"house\" fried rice, and tofu Pad Thai. Decent decor, prices and 24 hours so I'm going to go back and find something good here.
We just discovered this great little breakfast joint down the street from our house. Amazingly friendly service, diner type feel, affordable, and yummy food! No grease. Will be back for more!!
Pretty good for Scottsdale, not too dumbed down like Malees or worse yet Ling and Louie's which is Godawful.  Still not exactly authentic.\nPleasant atmosphere and waitstaff.  We'll be back due to our desperation for ethnic food.
I read an article about Revo Burrito in the Phoenix magazine and I wanted to check it out!  A different kind of a taco shop. The restaurant has great choices of healthy food options and I love their vegetarian burrito. The only thing that needs improvement is the customer service.
Now and Zen is the best! Ariana is very professional.  She is knowledgeable about various diseases/disorders that cause pain abd she knows exactly how to make you feel better! I would recommend her to all my friends. I won't go to anyone else. She just makes you feel wonderful and relaxed.
I heard that Smashboxx is the new it bar in Scottsdale and I really wanted to see what all the buzz was about. There is nothing special about this club it looks like a sports bar with a dance floor. Smashboxx is the new place to see and be seen but I'd rather go somewhere that has a better atmosphere.
Horrible! Can't even describe this crap. Nothing was what I ordered
I came across this studio when searching for a place that offered prenatal yoga.  I have been so pleased!  The instructors are very friendly and knowledgeable, and the students are also very friendly and passionate.  The massages are also excellent.  I highly recommend this studio.
Slowest.  Starbucks.   Ever.  Seriously.  I've gotten more free coffee from this than a support group meeting.  I'd rather pay and get it on time.  I like the employees but maybe speed it up
Wonderful service and delicious, fresh food!
Not worth the money. The Kobe burger was not season well. It's overrated don't waste your money or time.
Slowest place ever. I ordered 25 minutes ago and I am still waiting. Just 2 sandwiches. Not rocket science. Then I get both sandwiches and they are both wrong. Wish I could give less than one star.
Growing up in Las Vegas this was my favorite buffet and I haven't found one ever as impressive as this one.  I haven't been in years and it sounds like a lot of people are complaining about the quality going down but for nostalgic reasons I am giving it all the stars!
Probably the WORST service we've had at Hooters. Server forgot just about every thing. Not too busy, but she was losing it! Still didn't get half our order after about 40 mins... Not impressed with this place today. Been here before and had great service, but today not so much.
Had to wait an hour.  Service was excellent.  Food was great.
I just wanted to update everybody.  I received an email from management asking me to contact them about what happened.  I responded via email with my phone number and never heard back from them.  \n\nI guess Gordon Ramsay is too busy with his fake reality shows to care about his restaurants.
Not very convenient, the west tower has no wifi in the room and no water heater or free coffee even no bottle water. And self parking place is kind of far from the main lobby, I might choose another hotel to live next time.
Only good for happy hour. Eight dollars a glass of cheap wine is over priced.
Applebee'sesque, below average to average with poorly trained ASU wait staff.
came here last Saturday night with a friend. the food is very good and you get a large portion - I had leftovers for lunch the next day. my only gripe is that the naan was a little more burnt/crispy than I like. I will be back to try their weekend buffet though.
We love having brunch here. My advice is to get here early as you can to avoid a long wait in line and missing out on a seat. The french toast and omelettes are a couple favorites.
I love this place . My favorite stop for lunch . The food is always fresh . Not only can I get lunch but also shop for dishes to cook at home . Hope they never leave !
Had dinner with visiting family last night.  At six pm only three tables in the whole restaurant.  Service was slow and not everything was delivered as ordered.  In my view was a broom leaning against a wall.  Kind of felt like they wanted to close before we even got there.
Had a great selection of food but about average.  Was fast to get in and out. The service was friendly. Did the Brunch selection. At least it was convenient and the dessert portion was my favorite.
SECOND time here and I had food poisoning both times :( love it but I won't be back.
I've been duped by yelp this evening. I was looking forward to good barbecue. Besides the green beans I have nothing good to say. Staff seemed nice but the food was disappointing on all fronts. Dry ribs, dry cornbread, bland Mac n cheese, and slices of fat they called brisket.
I've had better burgers before. Fries were pretty good. Definitely wouldn't pay that price again, too expensive. Place was kind of dirty.
Beautifully talented - and something really unique.  Amazing what they can do.  If they are performing near you.... highly recommended you checking them out.
I've been to quite a few of their locations, and I usually am quite pleased. While the quality of the wash was the same, the speed was drastically decreased. This has happened more than one time, so, if you are short on time and are in need of a quick car wash, I would advise against going to that location.
Contrived, overpriced, soulless clothes, and a name, which in a desperate attempt to sound edgy, makes a schoolboy-level pun on based on the substance better known as gentlemens' relish.\n\nWaste of time.
Awesome small taco shop, the double decker tacos are amazing with a small or large strips. Good prices too.
We love Dr. Pendleton! I switched to her office when my daughter was younger and we were unhappy with Healing Hearts Peds. We have been a patient for over 5 years now. Always easy to get an appointment when needed and Danielle & Dr Pendleton are wonderful with my kids.
Good burgers but pricey.
Was here after soccer for couple of drinks. Will have a complete review for next visit!
Wanted to get a sectional reupholstered and ended up with a nightmare of an experience.
Lunch on the patio also amazing.  Can't wait for happy hour.
Carbonated Solutions of Las Vegas cleaned my moderately soiled area rug in their plant and it looks like brand new!  These guys did an amazing job.  They were on time for pick up and delivery.  I would definitely use them again.
They have the best Yellow Curry Chicken with French Bread! And lower side of the calories too, which is nice!
The food was decent, but this place needs to teach their staff proper service and sanitation. The woman who take my order for bubble tea also handled the cash then brought our drinks out while touching the straws with her hands. So gross and unsanitary..
The food is amazing I have never had a more perfect steak in my entire life. Very tender, juicy and cooked to perfection! The maple carrots were a great compliment, just a hint of sweetness. The service was spot on, everyone stopped to check on us and chat with this. I highly recommend this place.
Very happy with the work and service, Artie is straight forward and does excellent work.
We come here often something different then the same old food expanded my belt lol good fast food
Came here for the menudo. Chips were hot and fresh tasting. Red menudo has a good taste. I still think Caramba's in downtown Glendale has the best menudo although this one is right up there. B-
Not super impressed with Cocos.  The fruit was not ripe and the calorie content on the menu was sky high!  The lighter menu was still high but it was good. However, our biggest problem was the service. Our server, Robert, was not friendly at all and we went without drinks for a few minutes while he took other tables orders.
Delicious omelets, bacon, pancakes, killer yummy home fries and hash browns, fresh squeezed orange juice!!! We went on Mon @10:30am and wait time was ~15min but Food came really fast! :)
Yeah, I called the pharmacy department and the lady that answered was very rude.  I'm really glad she didn't tell me her name, otherwise I would go straight down there and give her a piece of my mind.  What is wrong with you people?  Don't just hang up the phone out of no where?? Idiots..
Literally the rudest employees I've ever had to deal with. Wait 30 minutes to be told they won't mail a package. Thanks for nothing
Great location and service but food was fair.  We had the short ribs and they were dry and not very flavorful.  The ravioli tasted like it had tomato soup on it.  The gnocci and lasagna were good though.  So was the chocolate tart! Reasonably priced food.
I had the banana split cupcake...yuuum. I little dry on the top of the cupcake, but good overall.
This is the grooviest place around. They'll have your eye balls in prime condition, ready to scope out any and all babes. You might even get a compliment on your shirt if it's cool enough. I know I did.
Sooooo good!!! If you must be gluten free like myself this place has great options. Enchiladas tamales rice beans and a few others that are nearly impossible to find! Definitely try the enchiladas Christmas style and a beef tamale.
Best burger I've had...first time eating buffalo.  Amazing
Awesome awesome place and the instructors are amazing! I love the confidence I feel walking out of class, like I am ready to take on the world!
What can you expect from a fast food joint? Grass fed beef? Linen table cloths? Well... not exactly.\n\n  What I will say is that it's clean,efficent, and they haven't messed up my order.
Amazing. Simply ahhhhmazing. Josh, who does bass, blows your socks off. I would go see this every week if I could.
Hate going to the dentist... This place has been awesome though! Everyone is extra friendly and polite!! They all take time to explain things fully. No shadiness. Helpful payment plans too!
Seriously delicious breakfast. Took 40 minutes to get our order but it was innovative and perfectly cooked. Friendly staff. Nice design. We will be back.
Sunday morning christmas family breakfast . Was very packed at 8 am , But also had plenty of staff. \nFood was great and our server was also.\n\nNewly renovated store. Its the nicest Dennys I've ever been to.
Place use to be good. Now the service is horrendous. At least a half hour to get each order which is tough for lunch. No apologies or discounts either.  This place better take a good look at me because they will not be seeing me again.
Great buffet for the price. Of course you can go to a fancy buffet on the strip but the price will triplicate.
I had a friend refer me to Joyce and couldn't be happier! She so knowledgeable about skin care and takes the time and effort to make sure your experience is a great one. I have recommended her to all of my friends and wouldn't let anyone else touch my skin (or my eyebrows!)\nFantastic!
I'm not picking on Chinese in Madison but this is typical bad Chinese that you find on the south and Midwest.  Tasteless slop for the fat buffet people.  Best Chinese food can be found in the northeast and the west coast.  This stuff sucks.. Goto Burger King which is close by.
My wife and I go here quite often and try to get in early, like between 5-6 because it is always super busy later on in the evening. Thats a good sign in my book! They have made a mistake once or twice, but are always willing to fix the problem cheerfully. Will continue to frequent here.
What a breath of fresh air - exquisite faire, great service and delight ambiance ( good cocktails too!) In house service is perfection.\nCouldn't ask for anything more.\nJust did a take out order - not their forte; orders deliberately mixed out and items left off
Better than papa johns right next door
This place rocks there Raj IPA is pretty amazing as well as there food one of my favorites off the menu is there Bleu cheese bacon burger this location is also a lot more laid back than the Tempe location which is a good thing.
One word. Actually a few words. The Cuban. That is the only thing I have there and I have been eating there for 7 years.
it is time to tear this down and build a good casino here. I have nothing positive to write about this place.
I came here for a dinner with family, it was about 15 of us. It was a great atmosphere ( we sat outside) food was delicious, and the service was fast! We had a great time here.
$14 a day for internet service in the room is an insult. $3 for a soda from the vending machine is an insult.
Ask them to wear a hair net when they make your sandwich. I used to eat here a lot till I got hair in 3 sandwhich's. Two where on the same day. Hell no will I go back
Bad bad service.  And with attitude. Everytime I give it another try I regret it.
It could be nice for a special occasion place. When there's no real occasion except to hang out and eat great food and catch up, it works except it doesn't exactly count as a place to just hang out.
Best tasting hummus I've ever had -   Ordered the burger and wasn't disappointed - finished off meal with s'mores! Can't go wrong here -- will be back for more
Cole does a great job. Very comfortable salon for men.
The woman there was super sweet. However it was hot in there and my nail polish chipped the next day :(
Never had a problem at this Taco Bell. Always friendly staff and pretty fast for when they are busy. And what makes it even better, I won a PS4 from the Destiny Promotion they are having!
This review is for the take home order for 3. The staff was friendly and quick, even though the place was packed on a Saturday night.
Good food but not the best... i like the hole in the wall places.
If you are staying at Caesars then stop by here and eat.  The prices are good and the food is great.  I had the cajun poor boy and fries, which I enjoyed.  The staff is very nice.  It is a lot better than the crapy food court they have.
Best car service in Arizona. They're the only company we use and I highly \nrecommend them.
My family and I have been going to Balkan Bakery for two years now and its a great place for fresh baked bread. Jay is always so helpful and nice. They do run out of bread early, so get there fast.
Cheesesteak, do it the right way, with cheese wiz, perfection. If you're a fan of sweet potato fries they have great ones.\n\nGreat lunch spot, order at the counter and sit, quick service.
Quick service. Everything else is very poor. Customer service poor. Adding on unnecessary charges not approved by me. Explanation of what I actual need and what they say I should get was fuzzy and couldn't get a straight answer really. No... I'll try and find another place I won't feel taken advantage of
Love Sun Valley Nail! The ladies are really nice and professional, listened to what I wanted and gave me what I asked for plus suggested some extras that I am really happy with. Will definitely go back here.
Great place!  Tickets include popcorn, pillow and blanket with waiters.  Wow!
Ugh. Dirty. Long lines. Walked out without making purchase .
United wasn't too bad.  I usually fly Southwest but I thought United did a reasonable job.  Yeah, I don't like the A la carte thing.  Pay for TV, for wireless, for food, for luggage, for better seats.  What's next?  Oxygen optional?
uhhhhh i just got delivery for the first time- gave the guy a tip and he goes \"is that it?\" and my pizza was $20? wow, expensive. i lost my appetite. anyone want some pizza?
Not good at all!  Two beer selections on tap, and only one bottle of the beer I decided on in the entire place.  The meal was fatty and not tender.  We overheard a server mention that it was under new management, but that was over a year ago.  This place needs help.
The food and staff here are great. They are really fast at getting your order and your meal out which makes it ideal for lunch if you work nearby. Interior could use some refining, but the food keeps me coming back. I've had at least 4 different dishes on the lunch menu and I've never been disappointed with the quality or portions!
one star only because I have to! Stayed there last weekend and that was an horrible experience.
Great staff and always the best haircut. Michael the owner is one of the best in the business.
Since August we have experienced nothing but excellent and friendly healthcare.  The staff is caring and you never feel rushed.  Great for all ages.  We are in the 18 to 77 range in my family and all are pleased.
just get the coconut margarita! \n\ntaco bell is better in respect to the food and service quality
Excellent ambiance, excellent service, excellent presentation, fine music.  The scallops and crabcake were simply subpar.
This airport is huge. So big that I would never want to transfer flights here with different airlines because I don't know if I would make it in time. Big plus that there is free wifi and decent food options
I was not impressed. The pizza crust on the Margherita I ordered was soggy. I have had better at Pizzeria Bianco or Humble Pie.
The curry there is really good, and the level of spicy is on point! Enjoyable! Also, great service!
Nice little casino, went here for raiding the rock vault
Closed, renovated and new cooks reopen. The best taco I have ever had.  Gourmet tacos. You will not be disappointed.
I stayed here only one night, and left with over 100 bed bug bites. So did another person in my party. \n\nDon't stay here.
they have the best lemon bars ive ever had     and there baklava and penut butter fudge is great       my friend said they had the best turkey sandwich
Love it! Good service and great food! The ambiance is outstanding!
One of the best Mediterranean food in vegas!! The service is awesome!! I highly recommend this place
much can be said about the Biltmore...so i'll leave that to others.\n\ni'm a fan of their sunday brunches. OMG what a treat. it was worth every penny i spent. memosas FTW!!!
Some of the best burgers around! Not a thing to complain about. Good service, great food. Little spendy but what do you expect in old town Scottsdale.
Went at 7:30 on a Saturday and the wait was only 10 minutes tops. \nGood prompt service. \nHad the Pasta Jambalya. Absolutely delicious.
Decent Japanese restaurant, but pricey. Sushi selection is very limited also.
Great outside and a happy hour from 4-11 in the bar every day!
DO NOT USE YOUR CREDIT CARD!!!! First of all, these people charge for girls which is a joke and second of all they charged my card $200 when it was only supposed to be $44!! Fuck this place. Sucks for them because my bank knew it was fraud!
Our server was amazing, but the food was absolutely horrible. I do not recommend this to anyone
Went here during the tree climbing festival. It was nice. There's an easy walking trail right around the water.
The 10 am open time is a lie. It's also listed on the door sign as open at 10 am. Will not eat a a place too lazy to update the hours and I'm not waiting an hour for any food. Funny thing is seeing several people inside sitting around waiting for 11 am. It's 1015.
I like to call this place Chinese Christmas Buffet. They always have Christmas decorations out. Foods... meh.. its ok.
Great food, great friendly service.
Sucks. You ever wonder when you go into a gas station who makes those nasty sandwiches? I found it, they have to make those things at Lees. Bread, old lettuce, some mayo, your meat and cheese, then they hand you a mustard pack? Really?
Fantastic Pizza, wow!\n\nSo good.  Go get some authentic Italian Pizza!
The food was enjoyable. Had a nice memorable experience until we checked our credit card receipt. They charged us double the original bill. Our bill was$46, but the credit card was charged $92. \n\nThis kind of dishonesty is completely unacceptable. We won't be back.
ASSHOLES!!! Went in there to look for a pair of shoes and the woman didn't even offer a different color anything when I asked for a certain size.  She said we don't have that color in your size and started fixing things on the shelf.  Rude rude rude!
Greasy, flavorless and unappealing. I will not go back here and recommend that you too find an alternate lunch stop.
Best fast food Chinese place in town. Eat here and you'll never go back to Panda Express.
Just as good as Rainbow Donuts and it is in Goodyear
I had high hopes for this place. The staff was so friendly but unfortunately the food was terrible. everything about it was horrible: flavor, texture, presentation, etc. The salad was good enough that we ate it after we threw out the pizza.
Its always clean,not modern,but works like home,open 24 hours,which helps alot for doing the barber towels after a late night so I can sleep in more.got the old world rally race arcade game and free wifi.so that rules,stay classy yelpers
There just wasn't a lot of flavor to these. We were so bummed as they were part of my mothers day present.
Red velvet pancakes & Adobo fried rice omelet delish!!! Best brekfast spot in vegas
It's hard to find fresh bead in Vegas. They make their own and serve pretty good sandwiches on it. Awesome cookies.
Off the strip is my new spot for rigatoni alla vodka it is just like uncle Tony makes it.. The staff are very nice and the cheese cake is my favorite in town...But I didn't care much for chicken parm. The app's I tried were very good.. So yeah 4 stars all day.
Service was pretty slow despite the place being 1/2 empty. Food was average. Certainly not worth $125.00 for 3 people.
The Meatball Sliders and the Bolognese was off the chain. Service, quality, and value well worth the visit.\nPerk
The trucks are in poor condition, the advertisements for fuel efficiency are completely inaccurate by a factor of 9 and should be sued for false advertising, and they will charge a MINIMUM of $30 for not returning the gas to the level it was at. Not worth the time and trouble.
Hummas plate is pretty good, tried a small pizza wasn't impressed, but I would try it out again.
Great place!  I have been going here for years.  Cowboy Margarita is a must and the best.  Fresh and warm flour and corn chips and salsa...yum
I was told about this place through friends, and I had to try it out. I was not disappointed! I had a French Vanilla Latte which was delicious and I loved the atmosphere. I will definitely be heading back for more!
Went to the compass room after the symphony, for dessert. Dessert was pretty good we had the custard trio- chocolate, honey, and vanilla. We had a drink each, service was great, and the view was nice. Dessert was $6, drinks ranged from $8-12.
Love this place for lunch! Can't go wrong with a gyro!
Ok. But a little to salty and tuff for our tastes. Long line up takes a good qhile to get served. Long drive from the strip
A small yet cool bar to meet with the elite of Aria. You'll find post club goers and weekenders here, A couple of good spots that can hold 6 - 8 comfortably.\n\nIt's cool, but not amazing. But I'd hang out here if I was in the casino of Aria.
3 amigos is definitely my favourite mexican restaurant. The food is simply delicious ( the drinks are pretty good too!) and the price is fine.\n\nI didnt give 5 stars because the place is quite small and noisy. The service is okay.
Sandwich ordering process is a little cumbersome.  That being said my grinder on whole wheat was very good.
Great facility, beautiful view, and surprisingly good food too!  My company hosted our annual awards ceremony here a few weeks ago and a good time was had by all!
The rooms are fairly priced for a Vegas hotel, but the services is below par.  It took us over 45 minutes to hail a cab for a ride to the airport.  Not a bad place, but go into your stay here expecting below-par service.
We didn't have to wait in line (which apparently is a normal occurrence here) and the service was good and fast! Everyone was very friendly and the Mac and cheese was to excellent! I would definitely recommend this place when visiting Montreal.
a bit pricy but really good and the queue to get to get in isn't that bad
Great hike!  Love doing the gateway loop trail. This is a great hike because it's not too crowded and it's moderate level. Another bonus is that the bathrooms are really clean and parking is easy. \nLooking forward to doing the hike to Tom's Thumb one day too.
Not a bad place but can be slow service when packed. Food when we were there wasn't all that but we were told that they were in the middle of changing their menu so we will have to get back to check it out.
Great service.. Friendly staff!!!!
Food was delicious and at a decent price. We shared the lunch special with an appetizer and had leftovers!
I tried Haven awhile back, late evening. I got the regular cheeseburger with their house sauce - it was good. Lots of fresh fries. I will try again.
Was quoted $59 + $99 labor for a $39 replacement keyboard. All I needed was one key replaced. Replacement key and retainer clip found elsewhere online new for $6.99 delivered.
The only problem I encountered here was that I got FULL!!! Everything was so good I wanted to keep eating!!!! The waiter was great and patient. Very kid friendly!!!
After drinking and paying, I was simply kissing my boyfriend and the owner kicked us out. The food sucked, it took for ever, they weren't nice. How the heck this place is still open ? I don't understand the positive review for this. Probably bought or fake ... Just avoid that place ...
When your on a small budget this place hits the mark. Cheap, Fast, and Filling !! Who needs Roman Noodles when you have Taco Bell ! It just works. For Indain Trail its a welcome addition to the fast food markets i think anyway.
19.60 for the pizza the size of a pen and it took too long
Hands down five stars!! From the smiles and friendly greetings to the vet and assistants to the grooming staff downstairs - hats off. Great pricing too, I will be back for any of my pets' needs.
As usual there's about 6 ppl behind the counter & only myself & another customer yet I've been waiting for a solid ten minutes before the cashier tells me I need to get in a different line \nGET IT TOGETHER BAGEL CAFE
Yuk! This is the worst BBQ Resturant I've ever are at. I will not be returning and will advise those I know not to dine here.
Tried them for delivery, and while for some reason their biz name and logo really bother me, the food was actually some of the better I've had delivered. I enjoyed their awesome bread-sticks and a tasty gyro meat salad!!!  I will try them again for pizza soon.
Aaaaahhhhhhhh! I walked into this place happy, and instantly turned into hipster emo girl. what is going on? The music is really sad and there are a lot of flies around. Get me outta here. The coffee and treats are always good though.
Our food was OK, but my wine (a California Pinot Noir) was undrinkable.  The server was uninterested in whether anyone at our table liked or disliked anything.  Any decent server would have noticed that my glass of wine was barely touched!
For a salad bar restaurant , its pretty good. Always fresh, great soup, some basic bread, baked potato, and pasta that is not special. Salad dressings are pretty good.\n\nI am so confused by this place, if this is healthy food why is everyone that eats here so fat?
You are nasty Pete, especially here in Tempe.  Fast food, that doesn't come out that fast, served by greasy staff in a greasy space.
Had the Carne Tacos. It was pretty good. Their beef had some seasoning to it so it wasn't bland.  The service was nice and there's a self serve salsa table, which I love.
Thank you fellow yelpers this place is the bomb! Why is it called foot spa when they offer so much more? Anyway had the 90min heavenly massage. Try it whenever you are in town. Very soothing....
Love the fact they have a low carb wrap! I will forever drive by the \"Chip\" place I used to know so well..\n\nKeep up the good work!!
Unbelievable!! there is nothing negative to say about this.  This may be the best show on the strip!!
Great food and service! They will bring your food to your table if you dine in and the staff is very friendly especially the manager.  Be sure to try the half chicken meal and Mac and sweet potatoes.  Their buy one and get the second half off is an amazing deal.
Best tacos I've had in forever! After a night out on the town my girl and I ordered 17 tacos de al pastor! F*%}in DELICIOSO!! NOM NOM NOM!! Get some, trust me!
I've been to Thai Basil several times over the past few years and the service and definitely the food is very inconsistent.  I understand they are in a difficult location but that does not mean they can lack on the food quality or service.
If you need some brass knuckles, a switchblade, or you are under age and need some tobacco or sheesh, hit this place up.
Stopped by the store looking for supplements. Was not impressed...prices were much higher than other stores in the area & poor selection. They pushed home brands versus national brands.
What a positive experience, two for two. Ask for the Jack Fruit po-boy, you won't believe it. No it's not pulled pork it's pure veggie. The drinks are marvelous, they make their own ginger beer, it's not on the menu but ask for a dark and stormy.
Save your money. This doesn't work.  Manager, Chuck is rude. He tells me this is working, but I have the hair to prove it isn't. Management  is unprofessional and rude and condescending. This was an expensive mistake - SAVE YOUR MONEY!
Amazing, delicious! Everything is homemade. Friendly helpful staff. Clean! Can't wait to come back.
It's pricey for the quality of the food, located on the first floor of the Alt Hotel, in an industrial and still under development neighbourhood... I had the Portobello Burger, nothing spectacular, my companion had the penne, she was not impressed, neither was I. Decent customer service..out of my list
I love the bell!
Lousy part of town, but the food is very tasty. Prices are good, especially when compared to Orange County, CA.
Beware! Saw Rat in my room! It ran to the bathroom not to be found, turds under mini fridge, immediately reported this to the front desk, received my refund, no apologies, immediately checked out!! Never gain will we step foot on this property!!!
Who doesn't like \"FREE\"  food! meh regular!
Fun, classy local stuff! I was drawn in by the metal sculptures outside, but do not think they were for sale.
A \"5\" for the Dosa, Lassi's, and the service!  On a separate occasion we took in-laws (from India) for the lunch buffet; they said it was the best they've had in a long time.  I would love to see them offer a Chinese Dosa or Genie Dosa!
You will have to wait a while, but Lazy Jane's is the best brunch in Madison.
Fun place, especially for happy hours.  They do make a good margaritta, the servings are very big, especially the nachos.  Hamburgers are good.  \n--RibChamp
Gee golly I LOVE this store! I bought a beautiful 1960's party dress here for my Son's 1st birthday party! OBSESSED! Can't wait to go back to see what other treasures I can find!
Nice atmosphere, good service, mediocre food at best. My advice save your money.
The Kauai Pie was good. Their scoops are good portions. I was expecting a cold stone type of place but it's not. No creative combinations or anything just scoops of ice cream.
not terrible stock. but not as good as the store on rainbow.
Not a lot of outlets for charging your connectivity devices. Quick service, very clean. It is very busy and full all the time.
A very beautiful hotel. All the amenities you could ask for. A great convention center. Clean and well decorated. Worth the money!
I gave Cut another go around this weekend.  I had the Kobe Rib Eye.  OH MY, WHAT A RIB EYE!  Incredible steak complimented by a wonderful Wasabi Yuzu butter.  Skip the bernaise and go for the wasabi butter and you'll be oh so happy.
this place was good, but its closed down!
This little market has closed down . What a shame.
I'm gonna pop some tags, only got twenty dollars in my pocket...\n\nIf that is the case, you might as well go somewhere else. The selection is rather slim and thrift shopping is not even fun here. I did a quick scan around the room and was not able to find a section worth looking in.
Love love love this place. Got my wedding dress here and they did everything correctly and made my dream wedding come true. The seamstress was the best and the staff is wonderful. I'll recommend everyone here, I went to almost every boutique in Vegas and I drove the 30 min just for this place.
I just moved to this area and we tried this place out. Nothing special and I have definitely experienced better.  Service is so so
Was here again for a trade show.  Our rooms got canceled by the booking agent and Suzanne, the front desk Manager, was able to get us rooms!  Thank Goodness!!\nAgain, the only drawback is the smell of food in my room.  I don't get it.
Staff was overwhelmend on a friday after work and food took forever to come out! Will choice eleswhere in the future!
nope. just nope.
Food looks good. That's all I can really attest to as we've been waiting for 40 minutes and all other tables around us have been served, even the ones seated after us.
This is one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh.  Awesome happy hour and fantastic food. Appetizers are half off during happy hour, also offering 3 dollar drafts. Amazing draft selection that changes frequently.
Very tasty n crispy roast pork.  Good prices n good services.  \n\nPlan to go again tomorrow! :D
Food is good but do not come if you are in a rush. The staff are nice but cannot multitask or are drastically under staffed. The walk from the Rio, sober, is a lot longer than it seems.
Al does some seriously good fish - get ya sum!!!
Service was horrible. Ordered drive thru 15 min at the window.  Got home. 6 min drive, and all tacos were cold. Called and phone is fax line. Worse the screwed up the order.....is watched him pack a box then unpack the box, pack another box then repack the first box.
One of the better gelato places in town. Great flavors, quality and plenty of choices.
Stopped at China way based on the rave reviews.  I ordered the Beef with Broccoli, which was ok.  There was nothing bad about it.  It just didn't wow me like the food at Chop and Wok does.  Overall a decent meal.  The restaurant was clean and the staff polite.
This is the worst local bar in las vegas!  They have horrible service and you can't even cuss.  Never go there.
We decided to try this small place. Was very surprised. Great food. Friendly service. I had the lamb and chicken and it was very tender. My son is picky eater and he loved the beef kebab. The potato cakes were excellent. We will be back for sure.
If you want beer with your bar-b-que, bring it with you. Smells great in here. Ordered ribs. My husband ordered three meat plate. Ribs definitely best meat on the menu. They were delicious.
Food was ok. I had the chili relleno and it was not memorable. My friend had the chili relleno burger and he said it was great.   Service was pretty good.
I love the Perch! I love the environment around you and the food is amazing as well. You feel comfortable when eating here. I love sitting upstairs especially in the winter time!
I've been coming here for about 4 months and the experience has always been nothing short of amazing. Peter and Kim are always so friendly and helpful. This is the first time in my life that I've gotten gels and now I can't live without them. Thank you guys for always being spot on!!!
This casino is great. Lots of fun on the $1 minimum roulette. I played for hours spending just $20. The nickel video poker is great and pays out real coins. This casino looks like a dive but is definitely worth the visit.
Had the Sampler Plate, which consists of elk, buffalo, antelope, Calamari and venison.  Pretty good.  The venison was a bit under cooked for my liking, but still a fair dish.
Great food and service. All workers are friendly and very understanding of what customer wants and needs.
I gave two for the fountain view , food was horrid, salad wilted lettuce which was brown on edges , waitress recommended Mediterranean grilled vegetables ,added chicken ,dry tasteless broccoli\nUs yellowed , so disappointed. Service was good ,food horrid again.
Amazing food! Clean and inviting restaurant! Will definitely be back! Awesome find for sure!
Fastest lunch ever.  Great vegan options.  Friendly service.  I wish my wife liked Chines because it would definitely be a dinner option.  For now, it's my quickie lunches at the bar.  Fried rice and crispy tofu!
Amazing food, amazing hospitality! Definitely a fantastic choice. Franco is awesome & it was a great evening!  Highly recommended!!!!
Their BBQ chicken pizza is the bomb! I've also had their white pizza, not bad. Love how their food isn't greasy. Great costumer service.
After losing pocket aces at green valley ranch, I needed a place to get my hopes back up and lucilles sure did that.  AMAZING food and service.  The peanut slaw is to die for.
I live close by so I keep coming back but this may be my last time. The food is really good - the service however is slow and disorganized.  It was 25 min after I ordered when I asked when it might be ready. The people sitting around me were having the same issue - very disappointing!
Makino is only buffet restaurant I go when ever I want AYCE. I have tried some local Chinese buffet restaurants buy any one of them was good. Makinos food is not excellent but not bad for the price.
Girls are friendly and beautiful.  The peach tea was refreshing with just enough sweetness and the prices were reasonable.  I will definitely return again!
Excellent Service.  We had the Bison Steak which was excellent.  The mascarpone mashed potatoes were awesome.  But the prices and the atmosphere could be better considering you have to walk through the whole casino just to get to it.
It's OK if you are staying there but I wouldn't go out of my way. Bellagio is much better. Heck, a Golden Coral is better and cheaper!
Excellent High End Dinning option ! Girl at the door is uptight, can be direct and lacks customer management skills. But in the end they recover good and for sure good food. Would highly recommend it
We love Barnes and Noble but this store does not deserve to carry the name.  It's a terrible representation and if Barnes and Noble cares anything about their brand reputation they should get to this story immediately and clean it up!  Please start in the bathrooms!  Horrendous!
Sunday nights at Revolution is Gay night. \n\nUsually draws in an ok crowd. Drinks are not going to be cheap considering this is on the Las Vegas Strip inside the Mirage Hotel & Casino. Top 40 is usually played.
The employess seemed friendly and effiecient. I had no problem getting in with my Ohio id or anything. The theatre was clean also. Nice
Food is mediocre and the ambience isn't all that great. They do have a mix of North and South Indian ( typically Andhra ) food. The rates are on the higher side. Personally I didn't feel that I got value for my money .
Seriously good oysters with real horseradish (which is very rare). Very relaxed atmosphere. A mix of Irish, American & even Southwest foods.
Great pad thai. Always fast servive!
The fixed price dinners are WELL worth the price.  The service here is just as great as the food.  I've had dinner here on two separate Vegas trips and will definitely be back.
Awesome environment. Bathroom smells like absolute piss. Would have rated this place a 5 otherwise.
I love this place. The chili fries are AMAZING! The best peanut butter shake I've ever had. Get it and you will not be disappointed.
Very good food! The fish and lobster were delicious. Presentation on one of our plates was a little sloppy and subsequently distracted from the pairings of flavor of the dish. Service was fast and friendly, attentive but not overbearing.
Always a great place to enjoy a glass of wine while beating my hubby at a game played on our iPads via wifi!
It's a two star because the server tried real hard. Read the review by Bryan M. We went there together. A few things he didn't mention was how lazy the bartender is and the left over food left in the cracks of the table. Ewww... I would Skip this location.
Adorable little wax museum.  Everyone inside was having a blast.  You are encouraged to take photos and touch the statues.  They even provide props at some of the scenes like bunny ears for a pic with Heff or pirate costume items for a pic with Jack Sparrow.  Very enjoyable.
This little Thai treasure consistently delivers!  I have ate there and had carry out many times.  The service is excellent, atmosphere is fairly basic and quiet and the food is excellent!  To-date this is my favorite Thai place in Charlotte and I highly recommend you give it a try.
Took me over 30 years to visit.  I enjoyed all the memorials on the park grounds and the displays in the museum.
Great service and great haircuts. Go mvp.
As you can tell by the latest reviews.   Service quality have gone down prices have gone up.   Someone said they had new owners but I do not know that for sure. Use  to be one of my favorites.
What a great sub with 8oz of meat!  This place puts Jimmy Johns and other sub places to shame.  Great service too and I did not have to wait long.  Thanks!!
Fanatastic cheese steak sandwiches, made with or without red sauce and different cheeses including Cheez whiz. Hands down best Italian hoagie in Chandler! Always Great service from the whole staff.
Been there many times and loved it every time. I tried many things from the menu and they are amazing especially for the spicy food lovers.\nPrices are reasonable but the lunch porsions can be a little bigger.
Uh, it has a light up bar. Yeah, that's kind of neat.
My man found this place. for under twenty we can get a small pizza, large enough ceasar salad to share and ten wings! the pizza is good they have fresh oregano in the sauce. I love fresh oregeno. The hot wings are actually hot! Not gormet pizza but way better than any dom. or hut!
This place was a huge let down!! If you're going to charge $18 for one person it better be amazing. I was expecting a lot more for the price.
I use their prepaid card. It works.
Went in to pick up 3 dresses recently and didn't feel as though I did the first time. I feel the costumer service has gone down. \n\nI need to get my dress altered and I'm thinking of taking it else where :///
Delicious sushi!!! There was a wide variety of unique rolls, and an all you can eat option as well! They even have plum wine ice cream! And me being a plum wine lover, I just had to have it! Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely be heading to Umiya!
I really enjoy this place! Their food is good quality and the prices are pretty reasonable. If you want some good Mexican food and do not need a super fancy restaurant, give Serrano's a try!
Very slow and incompetent staff. Food is okay, nothing special. I would definitely avoid this place next time I'm in Vegas.
The service was good but the food was overpriced and flavorless.\n\nChicken tenders: greasy and bland.\n\nSteak & Frites: both bland.
Pretty much on par with my past experiences with Ethiopian food. Had the vegetarian combo with the avocado salad. Tasty but nothing crazy exciting.
Wow.. The Rio is definitely one of my favorite spots.  I ate at the World Buffet.  This place was awesome.  Probably one of the best buffets I've tried in my day.
Cute museum. Really hot in the desert. Cool history lesson of how the Hohokam Indians lived back in the day.
lots of fun family things to do.\n\n24 Hour cafe is DELICIOUS
Dr costa is amazing but she left. We will follow her anywhere and know of many others who feel the same
I got three eggs bacon and sausage served in a bed of fresh tomatoes with fresh fruit on the side. As a paleo eater this restaurant worked great for me.
Love the Ring of Fire burger and don't forget to get the tot cho's (Garvey and bacon tots) Yum!!!!!
Went here for lunch today and enjoyed the lobster enchiladas; post the epic sand storm.  The food overall was flavorful and chips were served with the right sauces.  The tequila shrimp on beans appetizer was a great starter to be shared.  Great for business lunches.
Ang is the grill master. The only thing that could rival her burgers were the killer dance moves. She really tied the Straub event together like the Dude's carpet tied the room together.  Partying on the patio was precisely what we all needed. I will be back soon.
Chips and Salsa to start, An outstanding variety of Tequila, Happy hour, and good fajitas!!   Yum yum! Will be back soon =)
Even with appointment you still have to wait! I made a appointment the day before for a oil change for my lunch break, they promised to have me done in 30 min. It took over a hour and I was late getting back to work. The people were nice. Just be prepared to wait.
I hate shopping at Walmart but it's one of the few places I can afford.
Pizza is good. \nI order the fish for lunch sometimes. It has gotten progressively worse. \nSoggy fries and 1.5 hours delivery times. Last time I order here.
Grab a bottle of wine or a couple of craft beers and order a pizza from Pure and you have a perfect lunch date! Quintessentially Charlotte!
It was an ok experience. The food was good and having to cook it yourself was fun for a family. Was it the best food I have ever had? no. The building is quite old and it seemed very dark in there. The floor was sticky and the table also was sticky. I guess I am not in a huge hurry to go back.
Parking is horrendous. Here they are sitting on countless acres of empty desert scrub land and some genius has devised a parking lot so needlessly complex it is a maze of one-way streets.  Ridiculous considering there is nothing but the casino for miles in any direction.  WTF?
Roaches roaches roaches !!! Do not eat here !! I informed the waitress and management and they started laughing about it and said its only on the floors who cares you still ate the food. So unsanitary .
So decadent, smooth, rich...hot chocolate here cannot be put into words
Seriously love this place. The service is amazing. You have a view if the pool and the prices aren't bad. I had the roast beef sandwich and it was to die for. Yummy!
My cousin recommended this place. Its ok.\n\nI had half of Cotton Candy and the other was Creme Brulee.
My family and I went to Jim's last night for the first time and I must say that  Jim did not set a great first impression. The service was not that good with only one person waiting on every table. The tortillas were very dry and the chips that were served with the meal were stale.
I was pleasantly surprised on how good the food was. Husband got a mushroom burger with hand cut fries and I got the philly with veggies. I'm glad we chose to eat here before the show.
So sad they are closing all retail stores....everything is 50% off. No date just yet of there last day.
Authentic Chicago-style thin crust pizza with the best pizza sauce in town--just the right hint of sweetness. Decent salads too. Nice atmosphere and friendly service. Can't ask for much more from a neighborhood pizzeria!
I thought the brunch was just okay. The french toast was overcooked and the sausage patties were dry. I was starving so I ate it all anyway. I'd give it less stars if it weren't for the great outside dining area.
Great bar scene! Foods decent but the atmosphere, people, and beer make up for that.  This place has a great personality and is a great place to meet up with some friends.  Very laid-back feeling, almost like your hanging out at your friends patio.
We had a fun night, the show was absolutely amazing and highly entertaining. The acrobatics, stunts or whatever you call them were so precise and mind blowing. I often catch myself with my mouth open. Hubby and I can't wait to see the other Cirque shows.
This food is a greasy ball of delectable food coma. I generally got the Fat F. You don't want to eat this every week, but you have to have it at least twice a semester. Some of the best drunk food you'll find.
They need to hire a receptionist who is willing to give business to their salon and stylist. I just got off the phone with THE WORST receptionist of all time who had no clue on how to run a salon. talking my business elsewhere.
Very greasy food and if you want to have a heart attack, check out their calorie count on their burgers. Oh yeah you will have a heart attack after eating it.  This place seems to be very popular but has mediocre food.
Friendly staff, great product, open early! I've got nothing bad to say about the dunkin! Love this place!
Food was OK+.  There are much better alternatives than this place.  Service was very good.  Food was HOT, which I expected and usually like, but the spiciness of the food wiped out the flavor.
Really good breakfast! Had the grilled veggie omelet with gluten free toast. My son loved his banana/Nutella crepes. He loved them, but very rich! Great service and intimate place. Would highly recommend !
Not a huge fan of this place just because I'm not really into the dive bars but will say that their drinks are good and they have an open floor plan along with pool tables. Overall good. Lots of my friends like dive bars and love this place so I give it an \"A-OK\".
It's fun, even for an old, straight fart like me. Great dance floor, interesting people watching.  Drinks are a little pricey as I recall.
Chicken pot pie- was kinda garlicky, like raw garlicky, awesome chunks of white meat. Comforting\n\nChicken tikka masala- holy cow. White folk made this? High five! You nailed it! Think chicken tikka masala samosa!
I went for breakfast with my gf and we were quite disappointed. We ordered an omelet and it was cold. The potatoes that came with the omlet were also cold.  The coffee was relatively hot. It wasn't worth the $30 that's for sure. I could have made a better breakfast myself in 10 minutes.
I've heard when better waitresses are there, service is better, but if you go on the night she isn't there, service sucks.
Walked in on a 103 degree day, ordered a cocktail and a glass of wine. When the server brought the drinks we asked for some water, she said NO. We don't serve water. WHAT!? I am not kidding. I have never been told NO in Las Vegas for any reasonable request. Will NOT go back.
Last time we are coming here.  Slow service, smokey air, and salty food.
This was the worst customer service I had in my life.  I don't know if it as racist but they refused to seat met girlfriend and I.   And they were freely sitting other Caucasian people.
Ergonomically friendly? Check. Spatially accommodating? Check. Friendly \"co-workers\"? Check. Bonus-- specialty coffee? Check. Ending the day feeling productive? Priceless. \n\nCo+Hoots is a genius manifestation of the perfect co-working space.
Service is bad. Waited for the past 10 minutes to get my coffee. Bad work technique. It was a hot mess in there. People asking for their drinks. I walked out of there without my drink. It was so messy & annoying.
A diamond in the rough. Great place. People and are very inviting. Food is home cooked and fresh. Job well done. Keep it up.
Price range from $40-$150 average but worth every cent. I had the bone in ribeye and it was the best I've ever had. Service is outstanding, every staff member was there to cater to u. Highly recommended!!!
This was a horrible experience.  I have a pretty simple hair cut, but they didn't take any interest in noticing and chopped it way too short.\n\nDon't waste your time or money here.
Best food I've had thus far! The friendly atmosphere and great service is one of a kind! The food is bar none the best mix food I've ever had!
Stopped by on a Monday night and enjoyed half price wine and a great meal with friendly service. Gyros were fresh and excellent, served with superb french fries. The eggplant hummus was an interesting twist and very rich and tasty.
Well I just wasted 38 bucks....never again
Sunday brunch.  Food average especially for price. Mimosas were good.
2 words... bad business. I should've learned the first time. I have gone 3 times during the posted business hours to pick up my order and the shop was closed. It is impossible to get an order processed and delivered on time. I will continue my search for a dependable local printer.
the place has gone downhill
Be sure to make an appointment before going in. Im not sure how to do so though, as they dont seem to answer the phone. Oh well, I will be taking my business elsewhere.
I hear this place is hopping at around 2am.  I were here around midnight, on a Saturday night and it was dead!  The floors were sticky and the service was lacking.  I may try it again sometime but I'm not racing to go back immediatley.
Good food, but not worth the price or the wait. If they would seat people in the restaurant behind the bar it would be cool. I don't like sitting on top of people either. 20$ for a dozen oysters not a deal in Vegas.
This place is pretty good! I come here for the great drinks and amazing dessert. I don't come as often as I would like because it can be pretty pricey but it's worth it when I want to indulge. :)
A very clean and nice place to get a chicken bowl with guacamole on the side,it was crowded about a 10 mins. wait in line.Was greeted by the friendly staff which was really cool on this HOT day in N.L.V.only one complaint is that the seating is too close.
Best latte I've ever had.
This was very tastey toffee.  Several varieties.
There's nothing else for me to say besides the food sucks
I love the Bag Lady because I can always pick up something for my girl friends.  Jewelry, books about women, health, scarves, purses, cards,and an assortment of things to browse through.   Great local independent store.
The food is flavorful with large portions at a very reasonable price. The condition of the restaurant is what keeps me from adding a fourth star. The interior is run down and the carpeting filthy. Wait staff is helpful and courteous . . . when you can find them. More often than not it's the manager that waits on us.
Excellent customer service, well-organized and a fantastic produce section.\n\nI enjoy my shopping trips to this store.\n\nGreat job in the floral department, too--my flowers and balloons for a bridal shower were arranged and completed within minutes.
Been waiting for a waitress for over an hour now. Asked hostess and they claimed they would send one over but still none have shown. Awful service.
I agree with Joseph M. Prices are fair and the service is good.
Best italian in phoenix! We drive 45min one way for this place.
Very good Mexican food. The server was friendly but seemed overworked. The chips and salsa was excellent. I ordered the machaca chimi and it was very good. Did not come with rice and beans but was enough food itself. I would recommend this to people who want more than chain Mexican food.
So many flavors and the ice is melt in your mouth soft. Add cream to make it a little better than a normal icey treat! Lots of sugar free flavors too! Mmm!
I come to this location pretty much everyday~ staff is always friendly but the drink I order \"venti iced stirred caramel macchiato\" they repeat my order and yet again today I was handed \"not stirred\" and each day the wait at drive thru is getting longer and longer
This place is quick and centrally located, but the food is pretty average. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it's useful for when I'm in the area.
Can't beat their Monday deals! All burgers are $5! I got the Belfast Burger and it was magical! Plus the craft beer of the day is only $3!
(8) of us went to dinner last night at the Village Pub to have Fish & Chips.  The fish was delicious and the chips were okay.  The Fish & Chips meal comes with (3) pieces of Fish which is plenty, you may not be able to finish it all, most of us didn't.  I would go back again.
Sorry Native but you let me down. My sliders had too much bread and not enough burger. My friend, who had a seed allergy,  specifically asked for no tomato,  and yet there were seeds because the message was not received. Service was a little slow as well and it wasn't crowded....
$35 for really really bad tacos on stale tortillas....the actual room the restaurant was in was cool, but this food was crap.  I was so upset about this because I could have gone to any nice restaurant in a town full of them but wasted a meal on this garbage.
Went here for a beer on a Saturday afternoon and think this place is pretty cool. Super close to where we live and the beers weren't bad. They could use a couple more lighter style beers to satisfy those of us who don't like heavy IPAs. I definitely want to come back and try the menu
Golden Corrald: A LOUD CROWD where people are treated like cattle in a feed lot!!!
The beef tips were not great; the corn muffin was super dry and I thought the fries were soggy and cooked more like potato wedges. Over all, I don't think I will get these items again. I may come back to try and beef briskets.
This is to Diane M \nJust alittle info. maybe you should get your fills done every 2 weeks and not 4 weeks , It takes longer to do a 4 week fill and they should have charged you extra.
This placed closed down.
Well, I have to say I have never had such terrible service from a bar. There were two other people in there, and I couldn't buy a second second drink because the bartender had other things to do.
A great place in Charlotte Center City to spend the evening with your wife, catch a movie and with the seat service by very quick staff and good food, it makes for a very relaxing evening. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a night out at the movies.
A nice Starbucks, but no drive through. Otherwise, the same as others. Nice seating outside in the sun.
I was in Mesa for a workshop over the weekend, and this was a convenient place to eat. I wasn't overly impressed. The food was ok, and there was nothing wrong with it, but I expected more from Mexican food in AZ.
Wow this place has some really good hot dogs...we tried the banh mi dog, the angry dog, the buckeye dog and a bulgogi bowl. Their hot dog buns were perfectly toasted and the hot dogs themselves had great flavor. Has to be the best hot dogs I've had ever...
Meh.  I just can't get past their price increases.  I love thrift shopping and I've supported Goodwill for years (both in terms of shopping and donations) and frankly, this is a bummer.
I wish there was less than 1 star because now that they don't have flour chips there is no point..... It is just another Mexican restaurant :-( Super bummer.
I brought my little boy here for grooming and he came back bleeding. I called the groomer and they were apathetic about the entire situation. If that not bad enough they called me several months later to see if I wanted to set up another appointment and I expressed my concerns again and once again they did not seem to care.
I had an offer for free desert, when I trued to redeem they gave reasons that you need to print it and didnt redeem it!!!\nThey are hesitant to to redeem the coupon. \nWeekends are better than the weekdays.
Not a fan. Very average burger. Big and greasy. There are a lot of better options for burgers. Nice cold dietcoke. Fries average also. What is good is that the food is fresh.  But maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Next time I will go and have a salad. If I go back.
Nothing's bad at this place, but nothing's spectacular. Ambiance was nice. Great place for a group gathering.
Ugh. Airport food. Good beer.
I've only had the Mexican style hotdogs here, but they were delicious! They come bacon-wrapped with grilled onions, tomatoes, sour cream, and some other tasty stuff I can't remember. Haven't tried the other offerings, but I'm sure they're good as well.
I have no idea if the bowling is fun since it was not available but the racing game was good. Not terribly crowded but for a sunday night, not bad and the drinks were good.
This place  reeks and they sell garbage. The only people I can see shopping in this dump are bohemian tree huggers who don't shower. The clothes are old and cruddy.
The show was just okay. The story wasn't very good. Some impressive acrobats.
Doesn't seem very clean, staff is rude, waited 30 mins for a burrito that\nwasn't what I ordered. Food was ok.
Been getting my haircut here for about three years now and have never left disappointed. Usually schedule with Alex but if I can't get into his schedule, I'm always happy getting a cut with any one else who is open. Easy atmosphere, easy conversation. Exactly what you want out of your local barber shop.
Awful service at lunch.  Food okay but you need to be prepared to spend the afternoon here.
nice sized rooms. pool is small but serves its purpose. good deal.
We came here for a Christmas celebration lunch.  We made a reservation and it was nice they put us in a semi-private room so we can have conversations that everyone can still hear.  The service and food was fantastic!  Love it!!!
My best man and matron of honor and I all ate here for brunch.  The price was $35 each and included mimosas and bloody marys.  There was a wide selection of food to choose from including seafood and sushi.  The food was so-so but I had a nice time.
Bruschetta was the best we've ever had - beautifully prepared, really tasty, and a great variety. Five stars for the Bruschetta. The salads were good, maybe 3.5 to 4 star fare. The sandwiches were also very good, four solid stars. Good service, nice surroundings.
Sadly, the Billet Bar is no more :o(
Amazing food! The Carne Adovada is delicious and the customer service is exceptional. Best place in the Goodyear area!
We waited 30 minutes from seating to eating and we did not order the baked pancakes that take 20 minutes to cook.  The eggs were a grey/green color inside and overcooked.  The pancakes were good, but not enough to make up for the rest of the experience.  We won't be back.
My husband ordered the Cowboy Burger and I got the Asian Salmon Burger. My food tasted ok but my husband's bacon tasted really off. We were both immediately sick. To boot, our waitress was not friendly. Not a good experience. Definitely avoid this place unless you want to risk food poisoning.
After traveling all day I was looking forward to ordering carryout from paymons.  When I called in my order I was disappointed to find out they don't take any carryout orders after 9p
Best massage for the $$ that I've ever had! My brother told me about this place (he's a connoisseur of massage places) and he was SO right... This place is a must if you're visiting or in LV!
Take away the super cool aquarium, the albino alligator, and the flock of flamingos and what do you get?  A poor mans Applebee's.  But you didn't come all the way out here for the food, right?
Great selection of beers, something for everyone. My favorite is the Kilt Lifter. Beautiful patio area and inside you feel like you are part of the brewery. At times you can see them crafting the fine beers. Four Peaks also offers great food too.
This place sucks. It's McDonald's plus 30% price increase.  Want a good burger,  plenty of other places around.
4.5 stars\nVery good pizza by the slice and great service and people! Quick, inexpensive, and tasty meal.
Food was outstanding, and service was great. The only issue that I had was that when our bill came out there was some cryptic prices that weren't accurately discussed while ordering the way they should have been. For this reason I will refrain from 4 stars.
The exhibition was very nicely done. I was amazed at what survived the wreckage. I liked that you received a boarding pass with a passenger name on it and you could see if you lived or not. We arrived at the last show and were rushed through, so I would recommend going to an early show when you can have plenty of time to enjoy the artifacts.
It was not that good I ordered sea food tacos the only thing I finished was the fries. This is the last time I get food from here. Waste of my $11.50
Pretty big outlet, I didn't buy anything here. There wasn't much to see or find here in my opinion. I saw a lot of little souvenir shops and didn't see many stores that I would like to go to. Just isn't that great of an outlet to me.
Enjoyed burgers and fish tacos with beer while sitting on the patio watching a monsoon roll in. This place is within walking distance so as the weather cools I know I will be back often.
Went to Boulders this afternoon for Happy Hour.\n\nThe bar is a cool location and atmosphere with a great beer selection. I look forward to going back and trying more of there menu and drinks.
Rated #2 in AZ and probably deserved. But it is breakfast. Long wait, get a pager and go to thPark.
Karaoke, drink specials, pool, questions game, and much more! This place is fun for groups and very entertaining! Everyone was very friendly and down to have a good time!
I love their crunchy toro roll and tyku sake! The bar area is always the best place to sit and eat!
Great disappointment. Appetizers and desserts were ok but pasta entrees were terribly dry and tasteless.  Salads were barely edible because of overuse of lemon.  Service was good, but everything is overpriced.
Like the shakes. Nothing else. Burger King isn't that great but the shakes are very creamy. I only went here 2 times. I know I'm doing a review for a fast food chain but get the shakes please.
I followed my hairstylist, Jenn Botto over here from her old salon. She does an absolutely amazing job on my hair and is an extremely sweet girl and I would refer anyone to get their hair done by her!! \n\nGo see her!! You won't be disappointed!!
Very nice to have a place like this out in suburbia. \nSuper-friendly staff!\nLove that it's open 24h.\nWould love to give another star or two after my next visit...if they knock off the upselling and if they turn the music down about 3 notches.
The food was good. About on par with your typical breakfast joint, but what got me was the service. This place runs like a well oiled machine. Came in to a line that moved quick. Food came out quick and hot! You can see the servers hustling. Definitely a good place to grab a quick breakfast.
Can't go wrong with the large breakfast carne asada burrito.  (Spicy )  SO damn good every to time!\n\nAlso, great customer service at this location.  Sometimes a bit understaffed it seems, but their food and friendliness make up for the wait.
wow its my place now to take my wife for lunch amazing food...
For the price, I expect very good service.  However, consistently they do not pick up my clothes when I schedule them to.  When this happens, I am forced to wait another 4 days or bring the clothes in myself.  Not sure where the disconnect is but they need to get this piece figured out!
I've been here on several occasions and they are a decent option.  I've had salads and rice bowls mostly and they are really good.  The tuscan was not good at all, and the last time I went, I was happy to see it removed from the menu.  Give it a shot.  The service is great!
Oh how I wanted to try this bar!  After walking around in circles trying to find the place...it was found!\n\nPost on the door...\"Gone Fishing...be back in Mid-August.\"\n\nUh....It is Aug 30th....
Love it, almost every time to Vegas got to have dim sum at Cathay House. Everything is good! don't miss it.
Pretty expensive considering the price of one cup of frozen yogurt is the price of a meal at most campus restaurants.\n\nA good variety of things you can add on. \n\nDon't like the bubble tea, far from what I had in chicago chinatown
I go here specifically for the best congee in Madison, IMHO. The yo tiao is hot, fresh, and plentiful. Congee is the ultimate comfort food and a weekend treat. Also like the kimchee wraps. Cowabunga!
We wanted to go to Iruna but it had closed and praying monk replaced it, it was such a cool place! The food was eclectic and reasonably priced! It had an awesome atmosphere... Def a place I will revisit!
My family liked this place.  I did not.\nI thought t was dirty and the service very poor.\nMy wife loved her omelette.  My kids their breakfasts.  I am not a breakfast guy, but evenso, the place was dirty and the service terrible.\nI would not eat here again.
Excellent food!  Best Monte Cristo I have had in AZ. The fries were awesome. Chips and queso were great!  Three thumbs up!
Food was great but a bit pricy compare to LA. The only thing i hate is the bathroom! It was a mess and filthy!!
My favorite place to get a breakfast at! a great menu and lovely employees.
Psyched to try classics.\nSad to learn: cold cheese poutine.\nSmoked meat's just deli.
It's cheap. Off the strip. Has a shark tank/ pool/ waterslide. Comfortable, clean rooms. That's 4 stars. I had no complaints. My friends stayed at the fleabag Fiesta on the outskirts of town for $10 less a night than me. Will definitely be back.
Terrible, over priced for what u get which is what i believe msg filled crapy Chinese. ive given them 3 chances with 3 dif dishes for take out. the vibe i get is a retired couple barley hanging on to the place that have lost their passion for food.
My first ever Bojangles experience was at this airport location. It made me hunt one down in Florida. I wish all airports had one...
24 hour open cafe with a good variety of breakfast items, salads and meals..came here for early, I think 1:00 am for breakfast...good pancakes, eggs and toast...good service and fast
Great local nutrition store, prefer to shop here instead of GNC or Vitamin Shop . Owner will match prices and will get you a supplement if he can if he doesn't carry it. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly .
Gem\u00fctliche Atmoph\u00e4re, g\u00fcnstig. Gutes Publikum, gute Musik. Was will man mehr ;)
The place is not called \"Bisteces\" any longer. It is \"Cuban Foods and Bakery\". Food and service was excellent. Plan to come back soon.
I feel lucky to be able to work out at the Village. The yoga instructors are my favorite part about it - all or most of them are from At One Yoga. The equipment is state of the art & the facilities are very nice. Plus it has one of the best views in town of Camelback Mtn from the back patio/tennis courts!
Standard Madison Coffee Cafe
I meant to review Mickey's a long time ago, but even though some time has passed, it's still a great place. The patio is outstanding, service prompt and friendly, and the fries are super!
Arrived at 10am for a tire repair and after 4 hours I'm still sitting here watching the garage guys laugh and joke around while I'm left in the dark. I would not recommend this shop to anyone.
Rude and very pushy for the 45 minutes foot massage instead of the 30 one. The foot reflexology technician is not attentive to their customers and their technique is very poor. I will never come back here again. I rather pay a little more and get a good massage at a more established spa.
DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION! They have very ignorant & selfish people. Our waiter was a big rude female dog! && when I asked to talk to a manager he was rude as well! I just hope they didn't spit in my food! Save yourself & just go to a different location!
Location, location, location! This was a perfect spot, right downtown, within walking distance of everything! My wheelchair accessible room was well designed and the staff was very nice. I was looking for something to do on a Saturday night and the concierge hooked me up with free tickets to a Mercury game.
I would not recommend taking \"dry clean only\" clothing here. Out of three garments with three different fabrics, all were returned damaged. I had such high hopes for this place. I liked the location and the staff, but will not go back nor recommend.
CHICK-FIL-A IS AWESOME.  I absolutely love this place. The food is awesome and my quote for you is \"eat mor chicken\"
3* for the service 31/2* for the food 5* for using fresh ingredients but it wouldn't kill you to make it taste good.
Visited for breakfast this morning.  Not bad at all.  The waitress was very friendly and efficient.  The food was better than average.  A pleasant experience, and reasonably priced as well.
The only drawback to having found this lovely chocolate shop is that it's so darn expensive. I barely managed to pay for my vinaigrette brownie without wincing but damn that brownie was good. I think I ate it a week after buying it and it was still perfectly moist and fudgey.
Worst quality control and timing of any Starbucks I have been to and I still come here every day on my way to work.  Cannot wait for the new one to open.
Stay away.  It is dreadful.  Starting with the greasy apps and on to the Thai Chicken made with frozen French fries.   when I asked the manager he said because fresh potatoes take to long to cook.  \nReally??
I love this place!  from the poker room to the hotel!
The burgers here are good. Kinda pricey, but solid foundation of offering decent burgers. Is it worth stopping by? Yeah, they have a wide variety of burgers so if you want to check it out, then by all means stop by.
We waited about 45 mins for over priced chocolate mini cakes that we extremely dry. \n\nThey need more staff to help move the line along faster, only having one register open after dinner is ridiculous.  \n\nDon't waste your time it money on this place.
In line for check in at Harrahs with people lined up going out the door and only one person working at check in. Amazing. Seriously one elderly lady all by herself.
Really not bad. Kind of reminds me of Karben4 (and they serve their beer!), but with a much more inviting ambience. Good beer selection. My hair wasn't blown back or anything, but I wouldn't mind going back.
What a find!  Although the location is odd the food is fabulous.  You wouldn't normally talk about presentation in a neighborhood restaurant, but here it was part  of the experience.  The food was as good as any of the best restaurants on the strip. Carlos is obviously a well trained chef. Don't miss this place.
Not really the best Chinese food, but the Kung Pao Beef is the most amazing I've ever had. Disclaimer: I grew up eating it - Golden Phoenix on 16th will always have a special place in my heart.
All I can say is very bland!  Their chicken fajita bowl had no flavor and their spanish rice was so so.  Won't be returning.
What can I say that hasn't been already said. This place is amazing!!! I had my wedding ceremony at the Mozen room this pass July and I couldn't be happier. I worked with Ali the whole time. She was super sweet!! All my guest loved the hotel and I will be coming back soon!!
1 star is giving this company an apartment complex too many stars!! Horrible people that run this company - DO NOT LIVE THERE!!!! There are so many other better apartments in Charlotte to choose from - better prices too!
I was looking for a taco salad of sorts and settled for a salad bowl here.  Really great vegetarian bowl with peppers/onions and my choice of beans, rice, salsa, etc.\n\nA step above Chipotle IMHO.  Indeed, guacamole was amazing.
The food here was delicious! Though the price was a little more than I would have like but it was worth it. Their stuffed croissants are fantastic! Also went right at lunch time so service was a little slow but not so bad that I won't be returning!
The reviews were NOT exaggerating when they mentioned SLOW service. It was terrible. However, when the steak and eggs did come... Delicious! But it took 20 min at least.
They have average prices on suppliments. You are better off to order on bodybuilding.com for a better price. I noticed a lot of their stuff was more expensive than even gnc.
Love this place.  Every time we are in Madison we make a special trip to Laredo's ... worth it every time.  Great service, great food, great margaritas.  I've been dining at this place for nearly ten years now and it has never disappointed.
Yes, please take me to a bar where they play music at a 7 year lag and the bartenders have more testosterone than my old high school gym teacher.  Exactly the atmosphere I want to enter on a Friday night.
The staff was so nice and helpful! I had just injured my foot and they gladly gave me a band-aid haha. Nice selection (still overpriced), but again what American Apparel store isn't?
O'sheas rocks! Fun little casino on the strip - 99 cent beers! Reminds me of the former Westward Ho, but with a little more noise!
Love this place. I go to this one and the Gilbert Rd location frequently. Love the beer, especially at happy hour or Thirsty Thursday. Love the boneless wings especially the Caribbean Jerk and the Asian Zing. They make an awesome burger too. Don't forget to get a basket of buffalo chips with that burger.
This place is amazing. Most of the fruits are organic which is better than most places. I got the acai bowl and it was phenomenal and they upgraded us to large. Definitely going to return! Check them out, super quick and easy place, and great customer service!
For lunch time during the week,.this place is not busy. I ordered the turkey and provolone. She wasn't skimpy on the toppings like some other sub shops(Subway)! Overall a tasty and filling lunch.
I love this place. Everytime I am in LV this is my go to place. Consistent, courteous, and the food is always excellent. Take the time to enjoy the finer things in life at this shindig. Eat some steak.
Happy Hour prices were amazing here - I enjoyed a solitary evening during a business trip - food and drinks all within the \"per diem\" budget.\n\nService is questionable while the crowd - oh well, it's Arizona - what do you expect?
Wonderful employees
Serviceable but not exceptional.
So so so so good, and fun too! Just a really different and amazing experience
I live in the area and STEAK is now closed.\nWe tried it out the first month they were open and never returned.\nNo need to go into detail since they are no longer around.
Yummy steak. Decent service
They are FANTASTIC! Super friendly, very knowledgeable... Fair prices! Definitely coming back!!!
Great food and great service. \n\nI came here last week for with my family and the service was just outstanding. The waitresses were very nice and attentive. They always stopped at our table to make sure our drinks were topped off, our plates were cleared, and our grill was cleaned.
My intentions were all you can eat, but after eating a couple of nigiris which was disappointing because the size of the rice was as big as my fist!  I ended up paying for ala carte, paid for my bill and said sayonara!
Cheesecake Factory does some things well but breakfast isn't one of them. Tried an egg dish one more time and yep, they still overcook them, brown and dry.  Way overpriced also, $16 for eggs and coffee... \nI'll be back, but not for breakfast.
45 minutes between clearing appetizers & being served dinner. Extremely disappointed in meal & service. Went here a few times years ago months after it's opening when both food & service were phenomenal. Seems like different place, so we'll be going elsewhere in the future.
Service is fast and the food is great. The only thing that is different than most Vegas restaurants is the weird way the push people through. It's hard to explain but worth the experience
Have been gong here for years. Nice atmosphere.  Service is in slow motion and spotty.  Orders have been forgotten etc, yet they seem over-entitled to getting tipped well.  Despite that, the food is pretty good and the coffee average.
Warning! This park is full of thieves, last night i took my kids for a walk for just 30 minutes by the time i want back to my car i found my passenger side window smashed and some personnel items was taken such as sun glasses and check book.\nPlease be careful if you decide to go to this park.
One of the best PCP's I've ever had! Appreciate his dedication to patients.
Eh, basically shoes for old women.  The only reason they're even \"famous\" is 'cause of Sex and the City... though I did love the knee-length cage boots.\n\nChristian Louboutin FTW.
they didnt give me my raspberry yogurt they gave me this nasty honey one i am very upset
Even though the wait is outrageous, the food is delicious and definitely worth it! We sat at the counter to have a shorter wait which we didn't mind. We had the mixed grill, strawberry sundae pancakes and the breakfast burrito. The portions were all huge and very unique. We highly recommend it!
Even one star is too many for them. I've been sitting here for 90 minutes right now and still have not been seen when there was only 4 people before me. They have one person working front desk and one nurse...
Good ice cream place with a hypster coffee shop vibe.  Take it out or sit in.  Smooth, creamy texture,  clean non-overpowering flavor.
I reviewed my bank statement online today and found out they had charged me twice for bad food. I strongly recommend that you skip this restaurant all together. Management is unresponsive to customer concerns.
I could see driving over from downtown for this.  Great, simple, tasty.  BBQ was best I've had outside of Oklahoma, and the cole slaw was very fresh (I'd go a bit less sweet, but it was nice and crunchy).
The best Chinese restaurant in Tempe! \nSo delicious and super great service.\nFantastic hot and sour soup. Fantastic.
This place is consistently average. Nwver wows me but due to its location it gets some business. Service is great, its the food. Its not bad nor is it great. Theres just nothing that gives me that warm fuzzy feeling when i leave.
Place is falling apart!  Just outside of the Blue Man Group theater is a bikini clad dancer on to of the bar ( and not good ones). Is this a down town club?  Come on Monte Carlo, clean it up, decorate, replace\ntorn furniture. Your on the strip and supposed to be better.
The Co-Owner contacted me only hours after I wrote my Yelp and informed me they are on that situation.\n\nHow Cool is that
Grimalidi's in the Scottsdale Quarter came highly recommended and our family had high expectations for our meal.  The crust was burnt and the the pizza not very flavor full.  The noise level was high which contributed to the 1 out of 5 star rating.  Our family will not be making a return trip.
The environment for this place is very nice, but not too fancy. The staff is very friendly. The LAN Zhou beef noodle is a must get if you come here. It is tasty! I will definately come back here to eat it again.
Great for breakfast. Good biscuits and link sausages. Also I have not been disappointment with fish dishes, chicken.
Friday?\n\n5pm?\n\nTie wrapped round head?\n\nWelcome to Frankensteins. Next stop, self loathing.
the best sweet tomatoes in las vegas clean and fresh food and i have been to all the locations
70$ on Hotwire... Nearly double that after sundry fees added up. Lacklustre hotel otherwise. Go to a chain hotel instead.
Good happy hour and attentive bar staff. The decor is very dated and the old cigarette smell sticks after you leave but it has a certain old school vibe about it that makes it unique. I enjoy their mussels and crab cakes.
Fabulous food
WOW! Everything from drinks to appetizer to sushi was AMAZING!!!! I had the Lychee Mojito-my new fave drink thanks to room18:)
The food portions were large and I couldn't complain about the quality!  The atmosphere is always fun with the occasional rain storms and animals that move and make noises.  My son had a great time.  The food is kinda pricey but it is a fun place to go once and a while.
this place has the cutest patio, is so inviting and quaint. And even though I don't drink coffee, I always go with my husband who really is a coffee fanatic.\nI always get their Chai tea and is delicious every time!
It's a roller coaster. It goes fast. It goes upside down. It's fun. It jostles my head and neck a little bit. It makes me laugh.\n\nIt's $14 a ride. Pricey? Yes. You're in Vegas, get over it.
My wife and I have been visited this establishment during the day, and on a Saturday night.  I am not expect on Japanese food, but I like what I had.  I am out of Atlanta, so the prices are great.  Nice place to start a Saturday night out, and nice for a business meal.
this place is chill and they have a makeshift dancefloor outside. it has a good yelp check in deal. fun environment but sometimes it can be too chill or too crazy.
We went to the location in Henderson just before the big Meltdown at the Paradise location.  The place was packed and the food was fine.
KC, Steve, and Sam. What can I say except THANK YOU!!! You made a horrible experience into a wonderful memory. Everyone there went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable!! When they say customer service, they mean it!!!
Great selection of movies. It is a good place to see a movie.  It isn't the newest place and the parking lot has a lot of construction going on, but the theatre shows movies that you can't find at some of the casino theaters nearby.
They need a new person taking the orders over the phone. So rude I cancelled our order.
This place is really good. More family friendly than other restaurants of its type.
This place feels like a Goodwill.   Areas are picked over, the men's clothing section is dusty, empty in places and just plain sad.   They have some nice things in their home accessories section where we have found some very nice items for good prices.  We don't go here much anymore.
When ordering their Combinations or Thali, I found there was not enough rice, but otherwise the food was fantastic!
This place has the best bread that I have ever had. I highly highly recommend this place. I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich and the Hawaiian BBQ chicken sandwich. Both were amazing! The food is great and the prices are even better!
Great Studio with a great staff!! Very friendly and productive atmosphere!!\nMusic and Dance lessons are offered, go in and check them out!!
The Kalbi was very good, but nothing else really stood out for us. The place is small, and nothing very special on the inside.  I would prefer to head across the street to DJK, or down the street to Mother's or Sura myself.
I'm definitely a fan of The Groves.  You can bring your dog and relax outside.  A main reason I go is to see the server, Levi.  He is so friendly and funny.  He makes you feel like you are visiting his home and you have been friends forever.  I recommend the buffalo chicken salad.
Awful hotel . Don't plan to book if you plan to have a party that Is more than 4 people since they have a zero party policy . You will be kicked out . Should of stayed at the Venetian or the mirage.
We went here this past weekend and there are some great things about the rooms there. We were on the 22nd floor and the rooms were pretty big. We had about 6 people in our room but hey, who sleeps? \nWe hit the pool around 4am and found this couple getting it on. How romantic.
Service was slow, they were out of enchiladas too. The food I had (mini-mo ster) was very good though. I've had better margaritas elsewhere. Would probably not go back.
This location needs work. The food line is a cluster, they are all over the place. You need to watch them because they forget things. Soup was cold, tortilla was cold. They have 3 different kinds of tea and they were all empty! Annoying. I keep thinking they will get better but im disappointed every time.
I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino and we wanted to try this restaurant - the name got us haha. Food was OK..prices were reasonable and service was pretty good. It was a bar/restaurant with good ambiance, a bit loud, but not bad overall.
Not a stand-out Mexican place, but still passable. I had the Burrito Tequila, which was jammed with thin flank steak and HUGE! Staff was friendly. Make sure you ask for Big Papi when you get there. He'll take good care of you.
Absolutely love this place!! Got my nipples pierced I think by Robert and he was great very quick, very professional, very clean. Little to no pain. Can't wait to come back to get my tattoos! Pretty good price for tats and piercings, definitely check it out. Also not that it matters but the inside looks awesome!
Best Urgent Care around.  I am always in and out quickly with great service.  I don't let my family go anywhere else!  The staff is amazing, perfect combo of kind and efficient.  CVS is next door as well if you need to pick up a prescription as well.
\"SIMPLY THE BEST\"  I only needed three words
If you're patient check it out. I consider that waiting 45 minutes for a simple order, not being offered water and looking for our waiter is unacceptable. This used to be a great place.
What a lovely place! We were drawn in by the tea service, and found the staff to be so helpful and friendly! The decor is bright and clean but also cozy and intimate. The scones were excellent! Can't wait to come back for lunch!
It's always a better day in Arizona with some Boba. The spot is cool and urban, but has a touch of authenticity. Stock up on Asian supplies from the market next door while you're there.
Overpriced for a mediocre burger and subpar fries.
Ordered Mongolian beef, good flavor but was overloaded with onions and not enough protein. \nPrices are fair, it's decent but nothing special.
Drinks are strong, pool is fun (cool floating toys everywhere), and layout was not too bad. I still prefer Encore Beach Club over this place, but it's a solid second choice. \n\nI have to dock a star for one thing. $50 to rent a locker. Seriously?!?!
Great pizza but the employees need to smile more. They looked like they where ready to smack somebody!
Just plain rude. Didn't answer questions. Then when I asked how long the wait she shrugged her shoulders.
The food is so fresh and homemade, yummy! Friendly staff, great food and a comfortable environment. Win win win!
Great service here. The postal employee walked me over to the self service package machine and showed me the ropes personally while their computers were down. Nice and friendly and no wait even during lunchtime.
Feels a bit stuffy...\nA lot of interesting finds...\nCould use more fresh foods!
The food was well-made and I do enjoy a great spicy kick, but the curry may have overpowered the dish. I may have to give it another shot but perhaps Laotian food is just not for me.
Dinner with the Saunders Family
Service was quick.\n\nCalamari was really good, but got salty towards the end.\n\nBut the Aloha & Sea dragon roll were amazing :D
good for a quick drink in ballantyne area.  food is, meh.
Business owner has indicated the customer service issues will be addressed with the affected employees. I appreciate the restaurateur's followup.
This place had a very well priced cheesesteak sandwich but the combo is not that valuable. Stick with just the sandwich for a little over 6$
Great food, great drinks, great service!!\nSpicy and tasty!! Margaritas are some of the best I've ever had.
Typical Costco.  I spend way too much there!
I was running errands and hungry, so I stopped in to get some lunch.  Oh my goodness everything in the lunch buffet was AMAZING! I am new to indian food, but I love it! This place is great!
I just delivered my second baby here, my first was at Sienna. This experience was just as good. I had an excellent nurse who even checked on me during her next shift, even though she had other patients. All nurses and doctors on staff were so friendly and professional. Beautiful huge room. I am so glad I delivered here.
Service was quick and friendly. Food was perfect. The fresh fruit crepes are amazing. Have to come back again and again.  Maybe week try something else?
Best Japanese food in Las Vegas! The spicy salmon roll was excellent and the service was great.
Love this place! great service and really good food
Naan is good but the rest of the food is bland
Meh, I've experienced better.
The staff is very friendly and helpful but the food is too simple. The French toast looked good, and I really appreciate having several vegetarian/vegan options but I could have made my burrito at home for less money. My table mates really enjoyed their Brizza. There are also several funny spelling errors on the restaurant decor.
I would give 0 stars if I could. UGH. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! There is a reason why Luxor has low ratings!!! Stay away!!!
Dr. Cooke is awesome.  I take my Kids and he makes every visit a wonderful experience.  I love him for my teeth as well.  Dr. Cooke's entire staff is a professional group and they try very hard to make visiting the dentist a good time.  Insurance billing is seamless and the office is convenient to home and work.
I was looking for some good Mexican food and found someburros on yelp so my family went there for dinner. The food was good, but my fiancee and daughter end up getting possibly food positioning. They were up all night and the next day in the bathroom.
What a surprise!  Sushi was fantastic and the fish was fresh. Can't believe I am giving 4 stars to a sushi place in a airport, but they deserve it.
Hire katsu are just delicious! Juicy pork and not overly cooked like most japanese restaurant. Love the fact you can grind your own sesame seeds with the tonkatsu sauce. Very authentic way to serve! Also have to try their curry. Pork cutlet with the curry is just the perfect combination.
Tr\u00e8s bon accueil, cuisine fait maison, c'est fin et d\u00e9licieux !!!\nPrix tr\u00e8s correct !!!
Bros.
It has it's pros and cons. Cute bartender tho
The Smith Center is a beautiful recreation of something from the 1920's, I would go back for an event just for the center.  However, the play \"Wicked\" I thought sucked!  90% of the play is singing and when they sing, the words become inaudible!!!
Great food! Introduced this place to my family & now their hooked too. After I work out I love grabbing a healthy chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies for dinner :)
This place was super disgusting before the remodel so we avoided. Now it looks good but 3 out of the last 5 times through the drive thru I've ended up with missing items when I get home. Guess I never learn. Just don't get fancy with your order like a substitution and you might be OK.
The cornbread ROCKS it every time.  It sort of reminds me of Thanksgiving corn casserole.  And it's free!\n\nI recently had the chili relleno and it was tasty but could have been heated up a bit more.
Always great service. As an amateur, sprinkler world has helped me with parts and supplies for two back yards. They have everything you need here at a reasonable price.
Seriously the best pho in Phoenix. I get the chicken & broccoli and it's amazing, it will also cure any sick feeling.
The pollo mole is well worth the trip out here.  Service friendly and quick, lots of my favorite dishes on the menu.
The rooms are big and spacious. This place is not family friendly as everyone here is ready to party like a rock star not Barney.\n\nThe Hotel is a small ways away from the strip which was somewhat inconvenient, but that do have a shuttle to the fashion show mall every hour at the top of the hour.
Went in with a voucher. Super friendly staff however The dentist was extremely condescending and criticized me throughout the visit. I thought he would be happy for a potential new patient. I have never been more uncomfortable in a medical office. Would steer clear of this place.
Store and gas island are dirty. The first pump that I went to wasn't working with credit or debit cards. The store is not maintained very well, which is apparent with the dirty condition and the pumps not working
Cool place, lots of care taken in its decor and construction - nice place to grab one and the pig picking and corn hole tournament event was really fun. \nService - great!
Fun environment, the fried pickles were yummy... But the salad was overpriced and the server was unfriendly.
Two words: fucking amazing.  (okay more than two words) Beautiful, young, hip, modern, chic!  Crackin with beautiful people. By far my new favorite Las Vegas hot spot.
A tad pricy, average portions, but it's the best chinese food I've had in the states of Pennsylvania and Michigan
Stopped by asahi bakery to order a cake and found this new location next door. Always consistently good ice cream. Tried the newest flavor - peaches and cream and it was yummy. Glad to see them expanding. 3rd location is in terminal 4 somewhere.
Delicious frozen custard and great outdoor atmosphere! Two spoons up!
Scottsdale Smile Center is fantastic!  The staff is very friendly, professional, and accommodating.  There is nothing that could be done better here - top notch!  I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great dental practice.
With breathtaking scenery, a polite and efficient staff, and wonderful rates, I have to say this was simply a delightful resort. I will return. I loved lounging and swimming here. plus the food was excellent. I watched part of a beautiful wedding and would recommend this for a venue for parties of any sort.
This place is pretty awesome! I love the house margaritas!! Great price for the food! I celebrated my bday here yesterday and great service too!
Good prices and good service. The music is crazy loud tho. My ears hurt. With so many other bars around I would check them out before subjecting my ear drums to the punishment. It was very difficult to hold conversations. This place is 2.5 stars and would be 3.5 stars if not for the music.
as one other reviewer states,, the steak needs some season..or something..it was an ok sub with real meat..great boardwalk type fries..
Dr Tiffany is great! We bring our son here and his cousins go here too.  Lots of good info for new parents, very professional and caring. Most of the time when you have a little one who's sick they can squeeze you in to be seen, which is a plus.
Affordable and good.  Clean restaurant.  Will return.
Not your average Cirque!  I loved the dancing and story line of this performance.  I've seen at least 8 different Cirque shows and loved them all.   This one focuses more on dance, music, politics, and the attitude of a generation.  You'll love it, but be ready for loud music and a rowdy atmosphere.
This is the best happy hour in town in opinion for a combination of good $5 wine and absolutely delicious appetizers under $5.   The ambiance is lovely inside and outside.  Sitting at the bar is non-threatening for females.  A choice of low tables, high tops or the bar.  Only downside is that it fills up fast !
I'm from California and Burrito King is one of my favorite Mexican-style restaurants! Their large chips appetizers and burritos are the best. The people working there are also very nice people. Overall: the price is affordable, chips are free, and they're open until 3 am!
I walked in to Mr. NatesBarbershop and got a sickk cut! Great service and is very cautious with clients hairs. This is my new barber and I love it! I recommend this barber to anyone who is In need of a good haicut!!!
Used to be good. Not anymore
Chips and salsa are awesome! Drink specials are good! Would recommend ad a place to meet friends for drinks with chips and salsa!
Pretty good food, long wait. The pancakes are dry and fall apart when cutting. If you want to experience great pancakes, check out The General Store in north Scottsdale.
Nice store. Good size but when I went there. The department seemed messy. Especially in the junior section. Not many selections. The only good thing is that it's better than up north and my boyfriend bought stuff he loved and had in stock.
I probably go here twice a year to eat mini manapuas, egg rolls and kalua pig and cabbage.  They have a small hawaiian food section.  Other than that, they have the average buffet items.  Prices and quality are average.
Highly recommended! They did superb work on my Honda VF1000R after a previous mechanic had dropped the ball on some some fairly simple repairs. Everything was explained and several insightful suggestions were made that ultimately turned out to be correct. Prices were excellent.
Good food, good service. No complaints.
I just now walked in cause I really wanted a big iced tea.  The guy working behind the counter was on the phone and didn't even say so much as \"I'll be right with you.\" Just kept chatting and walked to the back room and didnt come back out,  So I left disappointed.
Good food, good service, been there twice, highly recommended for budget diners.
Server attention very lacking, busboys attentive, eggplant parmesan very chewy, spaghetti very tasty, jumbo prawns were medium size shrimp at best and would bounce off your plate from being overcooked. Would only come back for pizza or spaghetti at the bar.
Came here earlier for the free froyo. I got the mango froyo w/mochi, kiwi, strawberries, and mango. They yogurt is not as good as the yogurt from Yogurtland or Pinkberry. I gave 3 stars only because it was free.
Reserved a non-smoking room and they could not accommodate when I checked in. I will never come back.
I retained her fraudulent representations she set forth in a series of  emails, which contradicted each other as she back-pedalled and apologized. Bottom line, her apologizes were as empty as most Arizona rivers. Not professional.. Even her pic must be 25 years old.
Very disappointing for the price. I have had better chocolate. Max Brenner's bio on the menu makes him out to be some huge chocolate fanatic who's dream is to \"sail on a river of chocolate.\" But apparently it isn't a river of gourmet or even good chocolate.
Terrible, my comments in the tip section tells it all.
$5.75 yuengling draught. Boobs I can't touch aren't worth that much to me. Only the aesthetics bumped this place to two stars.
Great food. They have wide variety of choices. Rates are reasonable on regular days however it's too much during NYE so be prepared to pay around $90 or more for lunch during Christmas/New Years.
I went to this Mall with some expectation but I was disappointed. It seems it's in a bad neighborhood and it's not very attractive mall to do shopping. I just bought what I want at Bath and Body Works and left. I went to Burlington but this store is almost like Goodwill. Eww!!
Yuck!!! The worst seafood I have ever eaten.....hope i don't get sick.  Even the salad was disgusting.  I will never eat here again.  I have had drinks here before and it was fun but the food is not.
I went here on Christmas Eve for a UTI, and they did not do a pregnancy test first.  I told them I could possibly be pregnant on my paperwork.  They prescribed Cipro for my infection and 2 days later I found out that I was indeed pregnant.  The medication was not recommended for pregnant women.   I would not recommend this facility.
good comfort food.
I live right around the corner and decided to try this place after a year! It is delish! I had the spam, eggs, rice, and macaroni plate...portions are a-plenty, food is awesome, prices are great, and service was fast! I'm going back today!
This is now my favorite Indian place in town.  The food was hot and good, portions were a bit small as usual with most indian places but it was still plenty for leftovers with some naan & two entrees.  The vegetable korma is the best in town.
This fast food place almost ALWAYS gets my order wrong. They charge me for things that they don't have. The lettuces on the garden salad is always weltered. Besides the staff being EXTREMELY unprofessional, the wait time is always long.
Great selection of pastries. Nice dirty soy chai latte. Cool ambiance.  A very busy and happening spot in the Queen City. I'd probably hang out here if I lived nearby.
Overpriced Ashley furniture...... some made in china.\nCouch was saggy after a year. They only give you one year on the foam warranty.\nWarranty not great either.\nDo better research when furniture shopping.
A short wait on a busy Sunday morning. Service was attentive by servers and busboys. We went for the pancakes, they were great! Omelets were standard, not outstanding. This is a great stop for Hawaii visitors who stay at the Cal or Main Street, you know who you are!
The food here is amazing!!!!! Ive tried there buffalo vegan wrap, btw im not vegan but there vegan options are even better than eating actual meat :), there taco bowl,there pizzas are awesome! practically every dessert they have which is fabulous! Also they have excellent tea options as well!
Singapore Mei Fun Noodles were excellent.  Portions are generous, the place is clean and the service is friendly.  Great place to have in the neighborhood!!
Top 3 buffets in Las Vegas IMO. \n\nYou get little dishes with little portions so you can try many items without overeating one single thing.  The best dessert selection I've seen.\n\nAt $39 per person, I want to say a legit deal.  Will definitely go again,.
This great clips is not crowded. But not the best when compared to 34th ave and some others nearby. Went in once and they started cutting my hair..No question on what you want to do or what clipper you use & I was first time there
Food was below average and staff a little rude !
I know Guinness is the Irish staple but I assume they drink other beers too. The selection here is horrible. The service was friendly and the place seems to always have a crowd but I just cannot figure out why.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in town! They have a great vegan menu.
Bradbury's is a cool triangle-shaped hipster holder with excellent local food. Delightfully salty crepes and strong expresso. Great people watching.
The slowest and likely the worst fast food restaurant in the world. When you are stuck at the McCarran airport, do yourself a favor and avoid this place.
Absolutely horrible.  I took one bite of steak and then proceeded to spend the next 15 minutes chewing it.  Flank steak can be succulent and tender if cooked properly.  After sending it back sans one bite and telling my waiter that I didn't care for it, I was still charged for it.  Class act, Brasserie t!
White trash burger is amazing!
I first contacted Liz after another accountant botched my 2008 taxes and got me in seemingly deep trouble with the IRS. Liz went through line by line and corrected the errors, then wrote a clear and thoughtful letter to the IRS explaining the honest mistake. Highly recommended.
It sucks!  Way overrated, if you want a quality buffet, make your way over to The Buffet at the Wynn.  Why are they all called \"The Buffet\" anyway?
Have been here several times hoping it would improve-but sadly not. Bad service, dirty(bugs in dirty liquid by my table) So so food-- Too loud music doesnt make for a relaxing breakfast!
Our favorite local pizza place. Very authentic. Excellent customer service experience when we dine in and carry out.
Best buffet on the strip.  Only been for dinner.  Its huge.  You will need a second stomach to take everything in.  They need better mashed potatos through.  Excellent!  And you will not live hungry.
Atmosphere and service were great. The haunted history was intriguing. Food was good with free chips and salsa
a one hour wait on a thursday around 845? not cool. then having TERRIBLE service because it's close to closing time, definitely not ok. foods OK. (i like their sanwhiches/pasta, but pizza is average.) not worth the wait.
Holy $25-OJ (x2) - 1 side of bacon - English muffins (x2) - drunken breakfast batman!
Super nice people, very friendly, clean location. Yogurt machines are not self-serve, not well marked and the yogurt is not quite up to \"fair\". The flavors are so strong that they are overpowering and taste like concentrated everything. Only a couple flavor choices.
Super chill bar. LOVED the all white interior. LOVED the bartender. LOVED the music. What else is there to say? I'll be back!
First time here. I recommend and I'm pretty picky about my haircuts.
Dr Bonsett-Veal is incredibly quirky and funny! He is incredibly personable and explains everything in great detail. The office staff are friendly and helpful as well.
Been a regular here my whole life. Nothing better than the chicken green corn tamales with sauce!!
Worth every penny.
overcharged me on the bill \nthe food however, was pretty good but there are better places with just as good of food elsewhere in Vegas.  No wonder the place is always empty.
The only salon I would ever go to, in all seriousness. Theresa is my all time favorite, she knows how to layer hair correctly, especially thick Asian hair. I've been going here since middle school and never have I been disappointed. If you want a pro to do your layers, this is the place to go!
Great for straight and gay people. Great rooftop for smokers.
While I love Sallys, this store is the worst! Twice now I've gone in and had the most awful customer service ever! Both ladies were extremely rude, unhelpful, and acted as if their time was being wasted answering questions or checking anyone out! I definitely won't be going back to this particular store.
The Butter Fish was font fresh catch\nAnd they wanted $35 for a thawed taste less no flavor fish. I couldn't finish it and \nLeft hungry!
Everything is good
The food was delicious and I love the garden.  I wish they had heaters so the garden could be used longer.
They have closed im told..........gutted!?
I was pleasantly surprised at the size of portion and quality of food for such an affordable price. The customer service was great. It took a little long for food to come out but worth the wait.
I sat down and some unidentified liquid came out from under the seat cushions and ran down both my legs. It kind of ruined it for me.\n\nI had a napkin and used it on my legs, asked for another one and had to ask more than once, despite that I explained what happened.
i would give this a 2 star.  the place is just disorganized.  lots of products and lots of different brands.  there is a huge parking in front. they close at 8 p.m.
Friendly fast service and they righted a wrong done by another tire place. I couldn't be happier. I will be back for free rotations and pressure checks as needed.
The cupcakes here are good (not great) they are pretty and presentable but in a sense plastic. They genuinely lack the decadence for the price you pay. Good for kids events.
Cheap, decent, workman-like meals. Go in expecting a diner serving diner food and you will be satisfied. The service is decent, the food is decent and the price (especially for its proximity to the Strip) is great.\n\nDon't let the 3 stars fool you. It truly is A-OK.
I kinda feel sorry for the people who go to the Joyful Yoga studio next door... They have to resist delicious pizza thoughts everytime they are meditating! LoL\n\nThis Papa Murphy's Pizza is consistently good, offering delicious pizza and really friendly service.  Enough said.\n\nSee ya there!
Your mouth will be on fire with flavor!\n GREAT FOOD!
For a $25 champagne brunch, I expected a lot more.  There were hardly any lunch dishes at 10 AM, just breakfast.  The fresh made omelets were good though.  As for the desserts, before 11 AM is definitely not worth it.  As others said, the wait staff was great.
Tomatoes looked disgusting and why don't they carry ketchup? Isn't this America? I hope this microwaved breakfast griller tastes good...
Great little hole in the wall place. Traditional California style Mexican food, with a good fresh salsa bar, horchata, flower tea, everything you'd expect. They got the refried beans right, and their lunch combo plates are a great deal! I will be returning, and I'm pretty picky about my Mexican food!
We just tried to enter the shop. It appears that it is permanently closed. Sad. We were looking forward to trying it. The reviews were so good. What a disappointment.
If you questions about anything especially hair go to this store and see Jazzmyn she is super helpful.
They will try hard to sell you additional \"recommended\" services for a pretty penny.  I would like them to find what's really needed for my car and recommend that. The customer service was demeaning and rude.
Ver nice bakery,the staff very friendly.They have a nice variety of good looking desserts and more.\nMy only complain is that we bought a woopie pie we were told it was caramel pecan and when we got home and try it was pumpkin spice,I can lie I was disappointed.
We go here pretty regularly so obviously our opinion is positive.  The service is friendly if not hyper efficient or attendant. The food is consistently good quality w veg dishes generally stronger than meat.
Came here with coworker.  Ordered calimari (big portion!), maryland crab cakes, and the angus burger.  We both ordered medium, but his was much more pink than mine, so we asked to be cooked more.  They brought out a whole new burger and fries.  Good service!  Food was fine.
Hash House! I love going with a couple friends so we can all share a couple entrees! Their portions are huge and the service is pretty awesome. I've never had to wait too long to be seated, and their mixed drink specials are delicious and refreshing.
Excellent as allways, Smotherd Pork Chops, Party Wings. Yams are good enough for desert. I can't say I've ever had anything there that wasn't really good.
Horrible do not go here they ripped me off they charged me $200 just to put 3 stupid sensors on my tires
Great Location off Decarie and Jean Talon.  Good service, clean rooms
Food is not bad. Open late.\n\nThe staff aren't always nice - pesters you for the tip.
New management has turned this place around. If you can get past the out-dated decor. You are in for a treat! Huge portions, diner style food, friendly service all super quick! This must be why there's always a ton of cars in the parking lot!!!
Have them come to your house and \"Get a Quote\" before you do the move. It cost us $1250.00 with 4 men for a 4 bedroom house move across three blocks. This should of taken 3 to 4 hours but since they had a \"blank\" check it took them 8 hours to finish.
Strawberry waffles... Incredible.. Chicken and Brie sandwich incredible... Chicken, broccoli and cheese crepe close to terrible. Service is the best, scenery if you sit outside is prime reeeeeal estate.  I'd say this is a must go for Vegas first second or third timers.
This place is gooood! I had the New Yorker with turkey and pastrami and my friend had the Factory Special, an Italian sandwich. We were both very pleased. The sesame bread is amazing and so are the meats. One of the best sandwich spots in town. You won't be disappointed.
Was sent here by a former local as the \"it\" place to go. It didn't disappoint. Love the old Vegas vibe, the neon, the fire in the water pit, the tall Russian waitress, the prices, the drinks. Love!
Ok this is second only to caesars buffet, IMO.  Great variety, good quality, just a really good buffet!
I expected better for the price.
We went on the 4th. Only reason it is getting three stars is for the dessert and the seaweed salad.  The rest of the Buffett was lacking choices. It also did not have crab legs at all. WTF?
These guys took care of my caprice. Installed my Cherry Bomb Glasspack that I bought off Amazon. They fabricated the tailpipe so the Chevy tip would come out behind the rear passenger tire. Fully satisfied. Will be back to finish duels & possibly the headers.
This place is okay just a hole in the wall to me that uses a microwave to reheat about everything. There horchata is good but everything else is cold...
Awesome! Tons of new and used here. CDs, DVDs, bluerays and albums - that have it all. Staff is very friendly.
Great food & employees. You feel like family here and once you try the food it's hard to go anywhere else.
Good smaller plates but the atmosphere is wonderful. Good for late night semi-light meals.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):\n7 Food\n7 Service\n7 Atmosphere\n5 Value\n\nJust didn't feel it.
No.  Just... no. \n\nSoggy, gross sandwich.  Half the menu is misspelled.  Overpriced for what you get.  And I LOVE Chipotle, which is next door... so why would I ever go to Tony D's?
delicious, good DJ tonight
This place is incredible!  bacon wrapped dates, filet sliders, mac cheese, thai beef salad, empanadas, tuna tar tar!  be sure to always order a pitcher of sangria (i like to get one red and one every time!)  Can get crowded during rush hours!
I was very surprised I was in and out of the dmv for new vehicle registration in a hour,they must have a new system going because its never been that quick I was very relieved
Great theater.   Very clean  nICE STAFF
Best Fro Yo in Phx. This kicks Mojo's ass.. Best  creamy yummy flavors.  Don't leave withlout trying the red velvet cake flavor. This place is very close in proximity to my home and I would indulge everyday if I could. A must try for all fro yo lovers.
Great steaks and sides. Traditional steakhouse, very good service. Worth the trip.
This place used to be a favorite but the quality continues to deteriorate.  It appears there are new owners.  \n\nThe buffet items are overly greasy and spiced oddly.\n\nLast time I was in not one staff person there even said a word to us.  It was weird!
this location has been open only for two years and in february,2014 has been closed! the location in planet hollywood, miracle mile shops is still open, since 2001. recently in may, 2014 another location has been opened in town square. please call 7026995597 for further information. thank you!
Decent breakfast. We tried a little of everything and shared. The cream cheese sauce is a great touch.
Horrible!!! The servers don't have a clue. Sat there for 30 minutes and servers just walked by. Waived your hand, they nod and guess what still no one comes by. Unbelievable how this place functions.
Hands down the best place in town for your bikes. The mechanics are excellent and they are always willing to help you out with anything you need.
I've only been here for breakfast, and they always have a good specials.\nConsistently good breakfast, some waitresses, more attentive than others.\nPopular neighborhood restaurant for sun city, will be going back again!
This is my favorite Vegas restaurant. Never disappoints me.
Took two and a half hours for Mani pedi. I sat for long periods of time in between with no one working on me while they accommodated other walk-ins. My GEL!! Manicure chipped off 5 fingers by day 3.
Great penne alla vodka!
Not worth it. Just a handful of cars. The 10 dollars to keep the riff raff out makes no sense. You are kept quite far from the few cars they have. Any car show would be more entertaining. Really disappointed. Some Ferrari mechanic outfits, other memorabilia and maybe a video or two would do.
Came here for an event last night. They had a nice room in the back. The staff was extremely friendly and greeted us genuinely when we came in. The food was amazing as well. I would definitely recommend the fried pickles they were amazing! Also the atmosphere is something totally different that your blah basic Pittsburgh restaurant
The lunch buffet here is just awesome. It seems like something different is on the buffet every time we go. The water that heats the buffet is always steaming.\n\nWe really enjoy going here.
You have to be careful here and only order the Hawaiian food because they also offer Chinese food but they jacked up the price for that and you don't get as much as when you order Chinese food. I get the Loco Moco because it's huge and cheap
They charged a cover, were stingy with the liquor, and the DJ sucked. Disappointing.
Nice restaurant nothing but nothing that special. We went for lunch and I share a okay burger with my friend. We also ordered potato skins with bacon and onions and that was really good . Over all it was really pricey for what it was . I probably wont go back.
Awesome artisan chef.   Unique and delicious.   \n\nThey typically have a couple of dishes to choose from.  The chef clearly takes great care in menu selection as I've never been at a loss to find one I like.  Highly recommend this restaurant for brunch and recommend sitting on their beautiful patio!
This place was one of the most unsanitary places I have been to. It was not clean, a low variety of dishes, and service was average. I've been to several buffets and this has been the worst one
my favorite thai place in pittsburgh, i've been here quite a few times but i always order the same dish, the pumpkin curry is good, i hear the duck curry is amazing.  This place is a really relaxed kitschy thai restaurant with eclectic decor and good food.
My husband will go for beer and football, but service, food quality keep me away.
The employees and owner here are very skilled at what they do. Santiago is the best man to do tint, and the sales reps will do anything that can to help you with you custom auto needs. I do recommend!
I l Love this little hidden gem! The Yerba Tea (and the story behind it) are absolutely delightful! My favorites here are the Jerk Chicken and Curry Rice (to die for) and the crystallized ginger and mango scones.
wow,wow,wow, ...service a+,coffee a+,coffee BUZZ..A+ yaaaa!!!! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!
Like a 60s architectural icon from space this place is a bizarre mix of dusty, cavernous, vintage and Barbarella-style futuristic. It's labyrinthine and difficult to navigate and designed to suddenly lead you up to views of... pretty much nothing. The fact that it's crumbling is just a bonus!
I am so happy a delicious and family owned ice cream shop came to my neighborhood! The ice cream is a amazing and a cronut?!!! BONUS!
Horrible! Overcharged my credit card by hundreds of dollars! I would NEVER recommend Dollar Rental to anyone!
Adam has since contacted me and rectified the situation. I have received my refund and he has apologized for the breakdown in communication; I appreciate that! While I have been invited back to Canyon Falls personally by Adam, I am still on the fence as to whether or not I will return.
The food and service was surprisingly good. \n\nThe tacos carnitas were delicious-- loved the pineapple relish.
Great food at a reasonable price. Had a couple weird requests and they met them with ease. No onsite restroom and dining area is small so this is best for take out
Service was good, bacon was great, hash browns were awesome, but the pancakes that they stake their name on were all very dry. Not to mention OVER FIVE DOLLARS for a single glass of orange juice with no refills. Ridiculous.
This has got to be the most over priced under taste place in the airport.  15 dollars for a salad that is maybe worth 5?  Seriously?  Keep walking and save your wallet.  Wendy's is better.
Great tapas for Vegas.  Loved the grilled octopus.  The menu is super hard to read and they need to work on that.  Shrimp al fuego - bomb, TONS of calamari in one order, awesome bacon wrapped stuffed dates.  Not the best sangria, thats for sure.
Very professional! Many options. High-end quality. Love the look of my gate!!! You get the quality that you pay for. We are very happy with the customer service and the beautiful gate. I would recommend them to my friends and family.
Not so ultimate as I thought. Very small selection and no greeting or offer of assistance as a friend and I browsed through the store.
Have a margarita here but don't eat food. My margarita wasn't bad, but all I ordered were chips and NO salsa...seriously? I dumped Cholula all over my stale chips. My total came to over $18. FAIL.
Great Pho Legume and barbeque chicken vermicelli bowl. Good prices.\n\nService from waiters ranges from tolerant to indifferent.
Pretty hit and miss. I usually order the same couple of things. NEVER made the same way twice in a row. Frustrating when simple ingredients are missing all together. Should be able to get what you pay for. A bit pricey.
My husband and I had a great dinner here.  I had the pork osso buco and he had the pasta trio.  Both were fabulous!   The quiet atmosphere and attentive service were a nice treat after several meals at other local restaurants that were very noisy and crowded.  The wine list was impressive and the waiter was helpful recommending wine.
I am an absolute passionate about breakfast food, and do they deliver! Their breakfast food is delicious, as well as their poutines. burgers and shepherds pie!
Like all strip restaurants it is way overpriced. The food is, at best, acceptable. Worst of all is the attitude of too m any of the staff. It is far from welcoming and displays an overwhelming lack of class except perhaps low class. Worth avoiding.
How lovely, hate mail from the owner. After I posted my review i was sent hate mail from the owner. Even told me to try another juice store with a complete and utter attitude.\n\nEverything I talked about bad customer service online and in person confirmed in that one email.
Spaghetti and meatballs are awesome!! A good place with good food and friendly people!! Service is excellent and didn't have to wait long. Ceasar salad is fresh and crisp
Super friendly staff, and a great gyro.  I'd like to go back and try a few more items,  I went in late night, and was the only person there, but they chatted me up and made me feel at home.
This place has a great tasting mesquite grilled burger!  For a fast food joint, I would come back here as the burger is really really good. It is priced a bit high, but you get what you pay for. They also have specials like an original flame burger and drink for $5.  A good deal.
If you are a country western dancer don't go here. Dance floor is horrible. Not slick at all and in order to dance at all I had to take off my boots plus drink prices are outrageous. Left and went to the Revolver....fantastic time.
Its an airport. Pretty quick with security, United sucks but that doesnt really fall on the airport itself. Overall the airport was good, had things to do and eat. Cant complain, but its an airport.
Pros: 24/7, service great, We were hungry so just about anything would have been good. I had the asian lettuce cups. Made to perfection. Hubby hada mushroom swiss angus burger with fries. He ate the whole thing! \n\nCons: A bit pricey.
Fast in , Fast out but I like it. Free parking and no stress. Would love  a bathroom in the building but hey, that would be just to perfect.  Much nicer than running down to Charlotte with all that traffic
My husband and I went to Crazy Jim's this week based on the other reviews. All I can say is that we were crazy for going.  We will not return. The only thing that was good were the pitas.
Typical diner food. Not bad not good. Egg and I is a much better breakfast place. I had classic eggs Benedict and hash browns. Nothing really blew our socks off. Husband had turkey and dressing. Little on the dry side. Gravy was bland.
Such great restaurants and parks...
Kids eat free on Saturdays and Tuesday evenings.\nThe service is always pleasant.\nThe atmosphere is cozy, cozier than most Denny's.
This place is truly a gem! Come hungry ! The pancakes are the size of hubcaps! 3 of them to boot. . Also the sandwiches are killer and the order of fries could feed a small village.. it's been a week since I visited Vegas and this is seriously all I can think about!
As other has mentioned it is a bit pricey, however I don't find it anymore pricey than Nikkos. The shrimp wonton soup is delcious and I enjoy most of their rolls I have tried. Perfect spot to eat at before going out for the night. Wine selection is decent for a sushi bar.
Now I have never gone in here for anything other that cigs, but they overcharge for those so I dont like them.They also had a poor selection of them (only for kinds I think) That and the biker theme is somewhat scary.
Your standard sports bar fare, reasonably priced and served with a smile.  Good for a beer and a sandwich while watching a game.
Loveee this place! the coffee is soooo good and it's a really cool place to chill for a few hours. I had an iced latte and it was absolutely amazing! Definitely highly recommended if you want quality coffee in Waterloo.
The most esthetically pleasing tacos with a delicious list of cocktails. \nPerhaps a bit overpriced, but hey, a girl's got to treat herself once in a while.
I very much enjoyed my experience at Versace thanks to Susan \"Mimi\". It wasn't anything extraordinary but definitely smooth
We enjoyed so much last year, so we went back there last week. What happened? The sauce was so watery & blend and not delicious at all. Very disappointed.
Great food, and the place looks great inside.  Reasonably priced.\nThey also have a private booth (cool) and mezzanine level for larger groups.\nStaff is great too.\nHighly recommend !
It's a fun atmosphere with nice rooms and a good pool area.  The club upstairs is alright though and they make you pay for drinks while you gamble which sucks but we're in AZ so it is what it is.  Good restaurants come a plenty at this establishment!
Two words: video roulette!
They used to have some awesome Tortas on the menu but they sometimes have the bread if you ask they can make them.  I really like the fish tacos omnomnom
Good atmosphere but the California club sandwich was smothered in mayo to the point where it was inedible. My girlfriend got the ranch wrap and said it tasted like cardboard and she will eat anything. No Bueno.
Went for lunch last weekend...the philly roll and tuna roll were good but not great....server didn't talk much...cooks were very good...OK but will try other sushi places next time I'm in PHX
Wings were excellent.  Had the gold.  Tried the kelt lifter on tap which complemented both the pizza and wings.
This service department is great. I had some ongoing problems with my car and they were easily taken care here. Sam was very informative and knowledgeable about my cars issues and repair process. They even washed and vacuumed it really nice for me upon pick up.
Wooohoo As good as it get's
I love this Ulta! It's always clean and bright. The staff is very helpful. The coupons are the best and the free gifts are always so cute :)
Awesome training studio.. Eric and Alfredo are energetic, and have awesome routines.. I've been coming here for only about 2 1/2 weeks and I have had excellent results even in this short amt of time!
NEVER rent from them. Counter moves too slow. They may be a few bucks cheaper than other company. But you may likely spend about two hours waiting to check in. Worst service I've ever seen in all kinds of industries!
Ok so I don't write mammy comments,  however, the few times I have been here for lunch I am always leaving with a smile on my face.  This place has great food and the atmosphere is incredible.  Not many places in Vegas have a view of the city like this location.  Never a disappointing time.
Nice complex well kept apartments and amenities. I have never been charged so much for fees in a apartment complex
I love the rye bread on their pastrami sandwich and the matzo ball soup.  This may be my second identical review, but it is that good.
We used to like this place but not a good experience this time.  Our server was great but the food tasted old and just slopped on the plate.
unless you're a beautiful, young man, don't expect any service or any orderly delivery of food and beer. almost as if they don't want \"others\" here.
We have been Sam's clients for several years now.  I wouldn't consider using another service because Sam's is the best, by far.\n\nThey are consistently excellent.  The rates are more than fair and unrivaled service.  \n\nI cannot express how much I appreciate them!
My partner and I showed up really late - at 9 p.m. but the service was great!  Friendly and accomodating!  The Bhendi Masala was the best ever and the chicken methi was awesome!  Definitely recommend this to others who want a good dinner with some spice!
Great microbrews. \nFriendly service.  \nReasonable pricies.  \nAverage bar food.
nice view but dead as heck on a wednesday night. they hit last call earlier than listed so we didnt even get to have a drink.
can i transfer my credits from Rio Salado to Mesa college , or i have to drop out , i have taken two courses plz some one answer me
Growing up in Vegas this was an ok buffet. Definitely one of the better ones though.
Worst \"food\" ever, WAY to loud - you could barely here the person next to you without seriously straining. Drinks ok. \"service\" as bad as the food. Never again.
The worst restaurant ever! It doesn't matter if the food tastes good or not.. The service is the worst! Lazy and slow as ever!
Brian took great care of me and my yard. They are very punctual and professional. My yard looks amazing!! Reasonable prices too. I highly recommend calling Brian. You won't be disappointed.
Always fresh sushi! Staff is friendly! Very reasonably priced! This place is awesome.
Awesome pho, quick service and great staff.  The pho is about as good as I have had in Vegas or anywhere else.
Overrated. I had a $17 bowl of ramen. Food was pretty bland and uninspiring. Not terrible, just not worth the prices. I had a smoothie also, which was also meh. The desert tasted like a cliff bar with some stuff on top. The appetizers were ok.
I found this place using this site and so glad I did. The tacos are amazing and great prices! The owner was very friendly.
Gotta hot tub time machine in my suite. =)
How dare you try and charge me to walk into a damn bar. Pathetic.
First experience with this place was less than pleasant but another fly by leads me to believe that its a decent place to eat. This time the food was good & prepared right. a little slow on filling the glasses tho but the waitress apologized for the wait. I'm willing to stop in again sometime in the future & eat here again
Love this place!! Loving the new entertainment  and service by staff! Great time on New Years Eve with the famous Butter Cake for dessert! Oh Yum!! \nHighly recommend for dinner, cocktails and entertainment!!
Excellent service, food is whatevers for the price.
Have the food came and the other half came later ?\n\nWho brings frys 30 minutes before the burger ? \n\nWho forgets your drink ?\n\nI think the staff is half asleep / drunk
Really bad Mexican food. I give it 2 stars only because of the cheap price. Tacos were awful. Coming from San Diego this food was really bad. Avoid.
This walmart is so raunchy and busy with creepy people. The store itself is not clean or organized well either.  I try to stay away from this location, but my child forgot socks when we went bowling up the road. I definitely made sure we were in and out.
How does one forget noodles in a noodle soup order.. & be kind of rude about it to a customer..\n\nI shall say no more. The food was decent which is why I gave it 2 stars. Don't recommend coming here lol. Not worth the wait.
BEWARE! Techs are not licensed, the supplies they use are not sanitized. They are currently under investigation with the board of cosmetology.
Unfriendly people = no tip for you
I just needed a document notarized and they got it done promptly. $5 seems a bit much, but that's called \"supply and demand.\" I don't have a local bank in Charlotte that might have done this for free, so this is the price.
Drinks are expensive but free pour!! One drink & your going to feel it lol. Plus the slot pump out coin still pretty cool.
The hot dogs are similar to what you would have at a good back yard BBQ. This place is a bit overrated, nothing compared to Pinks or Wurstk\u00fcche in Los Angeles. The onion rings were the best item to get here.
This office is the best for all your dental needs.  I always look forward to my cleanings with Kelly.  It is like a afternoon at the spa.  I leave feeling relaxed and fresh.
I am sure you can get better food for this price, i came because as a guest in the hotel you get two for one, the ribs were dry, the pasta mediocre and the rest was just fine
i loved their calamari taco's      they were wonderful
i got the buffalo chicken wrap and wasnt impressed. totally something i could make at home. they are nothing special.
This place has super fast service but that is about it.  The bread is terrible.  It is dry and stale.  They also have minimal topping choices.  I would rather wait the extra few minutes at Subway for my sandwich.
Mint chocolate ice cream. That's all I need in life. And Churn has the best ice cream in the valley. Prove me wrong!
Staff was friendly for a McDonalds and food was quick since most ingredients were precooked.  However, the southern chicken biscuit was precooked so much it was disgustingly dry.  The patty was tough and chewy.  Yuck!
Average thai food, nothing really impressive, fairly expensive for what you get, typical below average thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.  \n\nOne good thing, at least they have some sort of asian wait staff
Wow - what an amazing restaurant. Food was incredible and beautiful setting, although next time we'll be wearing our winter woollies. Unfortunately the typical high Edinburgh ceilings made it just a wee bit uncomfortable. We couldn't go home to warm up because our flat is the same! Lol!
In comparison to other theme parks around the world, Carowinds wouldn't rank very high.\n\nMost of the rollercoasters seemed to stop way too short to actually get any enjoyment from them.
We came late in the evening for dessert and tea. Both were great, but not as great as chatting with the owner, who entertained us with stories.
Great service, great food, and great prices. This place does not disappoint. I will be back :-).
This review is for Marilyn at the VIP seat. She is very nice and knows what customer service is all about. Luxor is lucky to have her.
Really fresh toppings on a thin crust pizza. Great for individual slices at a low cost. Love coming here with my husband. Nice place to eat there too
Simply amazing. They handle Max my Akita well and keep him calm during any procedure. At other vets, Max has to wear a muzzle. At Central Mesa Vet, Max let's them open his mouth and check teeth.
There is hit or miss service at the bars. You need to watch out for the elder regulars that frequent the place. If there is a \"high roller\" at the bar then you will not get the service or respect you deserve despite how much you are spending.
On good days their great on bad days, yuck. Wish they can be consistent!
If you are looking for fresh and juicy chicken strips, this is the place.  Great customer service and they get your order done quick.  Make sure to get a combo that comes with the toasted bread, so good.
Our family was passing through Vegas and wanted yummy Asian food. Yelped and read many good reviews. We liked this little family owned spot. Though we didn't get to try the bim bam bap the BBQ mix plate was a delicious alternative.
Used to be a great dive to shoot pool/darts. Now over priced and boring. Might as well be a Starbucks. Bartenders are usually out smoking so be sure to time it right unless you want to wait for a drink.
Chris was great.  He provided us with prompt, courteous service to and from the airport.  He called both days prior to our pick up to confirm.  I will use him in the future and would highly recommend his service.
Heard great things about this place but was incredibly disappointed with my visit. I searched around for several minutes and no one seemed too eager to help. When I did ask for help, the woman sent me the exact opposite direction. When I finally was helped...the salesman was rude and used profanity several times. Plants were bent and overall low quality
Big, bright, friendly. short security lines (super short), but no free wifi here.
Better than I thought it would be. Good enough before the comedy show.
Went here for Brunch. Slow service. They ran out of Bloody Mary mix. Food so-so. Won't come here again.
Good smoothies, Med is really a super large
The best Guacamole! Friendly, casual atmosphere..
Great place for a seminar/work function. Despite its massive resort size, everything is pretty easy to get to. The catering staff and food was great and not your typical fare (ricotta cheesecake with berry jam sauce? YUM!). I would definitely recommend them for other events.
our local newspaper. Lots of good stuff but the same as online. lvrj.com\nGet the paper a lot cheaper at McDonald's
Great service! Mike the GM is very professional took care of us. Food is amazing!\n\nDefinitely coming back!\n5++
Friendly neighborhood sushi bar...think Cheers with raw fish and nicer decor.\n\nSolid quality of fish with a nice selection of all the usual suspects.  Also good selection of cooked dishes for the non-raw eaters.
Disappointing...a long list of beers that they brew and only 3 were checked as available - what???\n\nNice patio, friendly service and the wood fired pizzas looked good too, but I couldn't get past the limited types of beer offered.
I love this restaurant. The food is delicious... And you get so much bang for your buck. Can't have cheese? They'll offer to sub something for it. So gracious and attentive. The hot sauces at the table will knock your socks off, yummy!
Teriyaki chicken was good white meat. The cucumber salad was also good. One of the best parts of the meal.  The spicy tuna rolls were good but not amazing. The cucumber snd tuna rolls were good too. The service was slow. Nice hours, open late.
Yay! It's finally open! Neat & organized, owner is extremely friendly, as well as the staff....lots of good stuff today!
Drive-thru open 24 hours and the staff is always great.  One of the best McDonalds in the area.
Really good food, nice outside seating during spring weather. Price was acceptable. Biggest problem is to avoid it during the rush. Super packed.
Might just be our new favorite sushi restaurant! The tuna poke is delicious along with all the rolls we've tried- favorites so far are the something good roll and the primo roll. Yum! So far we've only gotten take out, not dined in.
Food was ok but the service was practically non existent
Overpriced but nevertheless tasty. They have a full Chinese menu that attracts me to such a old-school casino as Bill's Gamblin' Hall. Their fried-rice is very good and is offered in large portions. ...Wifey enjoyed the won ton soup.
Great service, tons of fake body parts. No parking.
I am a full time regular here. I also am gluten free. They have a wonderful menu, well educated staff and I'm always greeted with a smile :) I prefer this one over the Val Vista one ANY DAY. My food comes out consistent and within a few minutes. Great place to go!!
Meh.  Overpriced, small portions, not that great.  Can't believe people still spend money there.
Very disappointed. Brought a photo for what I wanted, which was pretty simple, but she told me she couldn't do it after she already messed up my nails. Wish she would have told me when she saw the photo in the first place. Will never go back there again.
Chickens pretty good, fries are good, that sauce, is amazing.
My food was just ok. Not exactly what I ordered. Asked for ham but got bacon. The service was very bad. I had to flag them down to fill up coffee and they acted as they were doing me a favor. But the coffee was good. I may give them another chance.
awesome service and food wifey and I will definately be back !!\nThe empanadas were delicious , I had the special of the day and \nIt was so satisfying.
Love this little boutique !! very affordable cute clothing ! Unique and at an affordable price point! Hats, scarves, unique jewelry. And the adorable sales girl was muy helpful !!!  I can't wait to wear my new outfit !
Great beer selection. 5 stars for the beer selection alone. The cheer teams and their pounds of makeup and lame shenanigans drop it to a 4 star rating for the day. I'd still come back in a heartbeat
It's always busy, they always up sell the service (politely :) & they always want cash tips, but I trust them to always do a good professional job and I will never go anywhere else. Recently I started taking my daughter, starting 2nd generation patronage :)
Why does it have to be so cold here??\nNobody check the temps in this freezer airport??\n2 stars for finishing with the construction but non for the climate control!\nPlease keep this place airport temp, thank you : )
XS. they have a $20 cover charge from now till after New Years. Their bouncers need to relearn how to check id's. They wouldn't let me in with my own ID! RIDICULOUSSSSS
This place is massive, they did a good job of keeping a clean place given the amount of traffic that goes through here.  They need a better setup for restaurants though, they are lacking in that department.
It was fairly good came with the family only problem the pancakes were half cooked but they kindly took them and brought us new ones
Went here because of the beautiful building and positive reviews... We were disappointed to say the least. Soggy chimichanga, mushy rice, bland machaca and chicken, chips that tasted like supermarket chips, and mediocre salsa.
Worst taxi cab company ever! After over an hour of waiting they completely forgot about me. Stay away! They didn't even want to give me an estimated wait time, first cab company I hear that from and the clerk on the phone was very unpleasant I am not pleased at all, I'd rather keep calling Desert Cab.
Very pleased with the dental work. I got referred from my daughter who had dental work done here. I'm looking forward to my next visit. hope it'll be my last visit. Dental work is pricy which I found out, Even with my insurance picking up most of the tab
Had a slice of pizza there and some chickenwings. The service was pretty slow and prices high but the food was ok and I was really hungry. Met a friend here for a late dinner/snack. \n\nThey close kinda early for Las Vegas though...
Good breakfast spot.  Fresh food, coffee is really good. Parking is awful.
I buy a majority of my sparkly crystals and jewelry at For Mystic Minds.  The owner and her team are always very nice and super helpful.  This is a great place to pick up candles, cards, crystals, jewelry and to get readings.  Go see Mary Rose...she's a fabulous, lovely lady!
KIDS ZONE! Enough said, they will babysit your children as you gamble. IM SOLD! Hotel is clean and the rooms are amazing!
Not much culinary expertise here, just plain meat with no veggies or sides included with your fifty dollar steak. Waiters r not polite either. Really wish I could return this over priced garbage .
Beautiful amenities in a fun location!\nI didn't love the spa, but there are plenty in the city to try.
This is more of a rant than a rave...I was sort of seeing this guy and this is his hangout.  I should have known that the relationship was doomed from the start.  Pitchers of swill and bad bar food just didn't cut it for this Yelper, neither did watching sports or hanging out here.
I have brought my bike in several times over the last year for maintenance and it has always been done in a timely professional manner. They are very helpful and definitely some of the friendliest guys I have done business with. It almost makes me look forward to breaking something so I have an excuse to come hangout in there!
Best service ask for Richard love the pizza\nAlways great. Old world charm and outstanding food .
Great food and really nice and friendly people. Must taste the empanadas. Paella's one is impressive.
Just ok. Periodically gets very low health dept ratings. I got an upset stomach (polite word for diarrhea) twice in a row after going there.
Pulled Pork sliders were so bland I had to add tobasco sauce for flavor. The philly steak was also meh. Too bad we had such limited selections since we had to get a quick bite to eat before the show.
I love this place! Great service, prices, and food! Even when they are packed, those servers run around like crazy to make sure you are taken care of. The food is so so so good. Get the queso to start/ best decision you'll ever make. 5 stars!!
OOOOkay?!\n\nDefinitely not worth $125... Love was so much better!!
The Bobbie is one of the greatest meat sandwiches ever created.  You got turkey, mayo and cranberry sauce on a giant roll.  I don't think I have ever ordered anything else from there!  That's how Double Bomb the sandwich is!
We had one of their gigantic sundaes and it was tasty!
Not really a fan of anything they offered food and service was not even worth writing a full review!!
Way too much junk in this store and it is stuffed from the front to the back. Mexico produces more than just junk so they really need to bring some better quality stuff in!. I felt the prices were high and it was difficult to get around the place. The guys working there were nice but they just need to find some more quality.
It's a nice hotel. It's right in the center of The strip.
Overpriced mediocre food. It isn't God awful, but nothing to look forward to either. Save your bucks for more satisfying food. If you end up at the buffet anyway, the tiny Tiramisu and the cheese Blitzes are descent.
I think I might open a store, right next door to you.
Wonderful chocolates, 23 flavors of hot chocolate, coffees, banana bread with chocolate sauce, bagels, sandwiches, waffles, pancakes, desserts... Great little place that you'll miss as you drive by. More signage needed. Great cafe, good food & atmosphere.
Sweet servers, cute and modern decoration, good but not perfect (special) food, a bit overpriced but byow. One time experience was worth it but nothing special. It's best to make reservations.
Moon. The Palms. Party of dos. Free cover for err'body. Free drinks 'till 11:30 PM for err'body. Need I say more???
Strictly comparing the food at other Filipino restaurants I give this place a 2.5. No \"blood\" stew included in the buffet while the other Glorias locations do. Overall food quality/authenticity is OK at best.
I love this bakery. They are quite different from the traditional places. The frosting is smooth and slightly sweet, not whipped cream but similar in texture. They also have tons of cake  flavors to choose from and they can design anything you ask for. Give them a try.
Prepare to travel back into time at The Barrymore, a place so cool you expect to find the Rat Pack at a back table. I went there while in Vegas for my B-Day and the food was great, the ambiance was perfect, and the staff was exceptional. Will absolutely go back.
Every so often I stop in a Comic book store and Atomic is well stocked and a fun place to go.  Though this isn't Cleveland, you could almost imagine Harvey Pekar lurking around this place.   They have both the new and the old and the staff is very helpful.
Not as good as the hype goes. With 60$, I can get a pretty nice dinner at other places and still be full.
Always exceptionally helpful even if its finding me another size at a different store or online. Last time I was in they checked my account to see if I had any coupons and let me use the expired one that was still there!!! Thx DSW!!!
Awesome restaurant.  Here on a Friday night and it is packed.  Diablo broth was amazing.  Chocolate mousse torte was incredible.  We had really good service.  Would definitely recommend this place.
Lemon cake cookies are amazing. Haven't run into anything I haven't liked here...its always a treat going to Freeds!
It is Hooters, you'll get the same food and beer at every location. They have a great happy hour and not so great food. Good eye candy, and sports on. What more is there to say?
I always come here when I visit Scottsdale. They have the best grilled cheese in the world. The ice cream and service are both good too.
I am a huge panthers fan. We lost tonight 30-7. This wasn't the worst part of my night. Food was terrible. Service was terrible. Drinks were below average. Save your money and try something else.
I've enjoyed sushi all over the country from New York to San Francisco.  This is my favorite joint in the nation.  They have some very creative signature rolls and everything is included in the all-you-can eat so you can try everything you want.\n\nIf you go here you gotta try the Vampire!!!!
The service was fast & easy, I just had to call ahead of time to make an appointment. I just thought the price could have been better; $35 for an IVP fingerprint card seemed like a lot, but it's a niche market. Overall I would recommend it.
Great loans, long lines and angry fat women named Tracy that get mad if you ask any questions interrupting her date with the 5 boxes of crispy creams she has hidden away.
Good pizza, easy to get to, great beer choices, fast & friendly! Little run down but overall I would definatly recommend it.
So this is a cheap fast Chinese buffet but you get what you pay for! !\n\n Last couple of times I was on the toilet for days after I ate here never going again! !
I have been here at one time or another for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Each time, the food has been incredible.  The service has always been tremendous.  The people that give this place bad reviews have no clue as to what good French food is.
great service and amazing fish tacos!!
Staff is A+ but the manager is soooooo rude it's not even funny. She never wants to help with anything and walks around like everyone is an inconvenience to her.
Average sports bar nothing extremely exciting. Good service and nice atmosphere. My only complaint: now sound on for any of the games in the bar area and its surrounded by tvs. I'm sure they could turn sound on but You would kind of expect it to already be on.
The day after I wrote this, I went in for a pedi. There were signs abound that a price increase has hit, and mani's are now $12. So, mani-pedi = $32.
I went in for an oil change and they persistently tried getting me to replace an air filter for $50 and two belts for $200 that were not cracked as they claimed (I got a second opinion). It was just overall not a great experience.
worst indian restaurant i've been to. the food tasted bland, the saag paneer was a cardboard version of others I've had. \n\nwould only recommend if you really love indian and don't like to leave Squirrel Hill.
Best steak I've had in my life.
I went to Lavender Nails for the second time and they did a great job!  I waited for about ten minutes and they apologized for the wait!  Anywhere else I would have been waiting for an hour.  \n Amazing job! I will definitely be back.
The best restraint in Phoenix. Sit outside on the patio. Great date night.\n\nIf you get the nachos as an appetizer, know it's enough to fill 4 people. :)
What a rip off: 2 drinks for 43 bucks. Yeah yeah I am in Vegas, but I am not stupid!!!!\nMusic was good though and surprisingly a lot of couples there....\nProbably go there again while smuggling in my own drink.
Meh....this place is okay. It's become way too Corporate America over the years in my opinion. Lots of competition out there now where the wings have a lot more meat on them.
Stayed here with a bunch of friends on a trip. I remember for an off the strip hotel is was nice. Kept up & clean, decent prices for a spacious hotel.
Yea I know most buffet's are ronchy, the food is actually pretty good here. They have fresh sushi, crab legs, and plenty of shrimp. The bathroom stinks, but the food is good.
Been here many times and the food is good the prices are affordable and the service is outstanding the place is busy every time I go in so you know the food is good
Good authentic Mexican seafood. It's kinda pricey, but you can taste the quality of the ingredients. The decor reminds me of places I've eaten at in TJ and Ensenada. I recommend this place. I'm a regular.
There was a middle-age female customer who made a rude, racist comment to me and I was appalled when I told one of the cashiers who seen me shop here all the time.  She agreed with me but did nothing.  So yeah, I think there should be a diversity of other cashiers.  There a bit snooty there!
Aweful customer service, I had to bug Joan just to take my check at self checkout. Not attentive at all.
This is a great place to eat. We had a party of 4 which included 2 kids. Food was really good and service was fantastic. The manager kept checking on us and the food came out within 15 min of ordering. Will definitely be back.
I've been to a few buffets and this is definitely one I would pass on.  2 stars for the service the food was lacking a lot of things. It was cold and had no flavor. I wouldn't spend my money here again
I got a gel French manicure with Rita today. She was very personable and did a wonderful job on my nails, much better than I've had at other nail salons in Scottsdale. I will definitely be coming back again.
Good place to meet up with a few friends to catch up and get a drink. \nHalf off apps and certain mixed drinks from 9pm-1am on saturdays
Can't say enough about how much fun this show was.  We had picked up tickets through Travel zoo and had an awesome awesome time.  The musicians really seem to enjoy what they're doing (and they're attitude is infectious).
This entire side of U Avenue should be bulldozed. While I appreciate the cheap drinks, the place itself was just nasty. Very disappointed for Brothers which normally delivers a better atmosphere. I did not (and would not) order food. Not that a waitress ever came around as there were none. I'd stay away.
Interesting place. Burgers or sushi or both is definitely different. But there is ALWAYS a wait, you can't do a reservation and they are over priced. Can definitely think of better places to go.
I always stop in here when I'm in Vegas.  It's always busy regardless if I arrive at 11:00am or 10:00pm.  That's how I know it's good.  Ordered tacos al pastor & carne asada.  Best tacos in Vegas as far as I'm concerned.
It was pretty interesting and knowledgable, the decor and exposition was pretty nice. It takes you about 40 mins to see it all though, not two hours as they say on the site
I was staying at the 25th floor sky suites. When I walked though the door, there were 2 huge beds. You had to use a remote contol to turn on all the lights. to open/close the curtains. The casino floor smelled really good!
I like the food at this restaurant but they do not deliver like it says! They need to change the info. Service is just OK.
Bottom line: my favorite steakhouse. Rib-eye with truffle butter. You will never be the same again.
Sorry, this place doesn't even live up to the Burgers at Grand Lux. Burger Bar is way better too IMO. The server was a really nice guy though.
Where do I start great food friendly staff the crowd was a little bitchy service was fast who I think was the owner was friendly and informative must go
Great place to take out-of-towners to buy souvenirs.   As a local, I was hoping for more.  I hope they step it up and bring in some items that you can't find at the corner drugstore.
Great food even better service!
Prompt service. Clean car and friendly driver. Don't use a cab very often and unfortunately it was because our car got towed but would use them again
Slowest service and rude patrons. I'd rather get a gas station coffee over this. Baristas don't know how to make their drinks and they are super slow. Bad service. They don't ask you what you want on your drink and they don't listen when you say no whip.
Good food. Pleasant staff.  Love their golden chicken.
Another great night with Mitch and Ciara. Pulled pork sliders and tall bue moons.  Price is right and the food is  good and people are great.
So hard to get an order right. Darn! Food that did come out correctly fell flat of taste. Very cold dining room so bring a sweater. If you don't like cigarette smoke, find a different restaurant. This one is on the casino floor and you will get second hand.
Not very good...server was very pleasant but not knowledgable...pricey\nfor the portion sizes...would not go back
Waffles very little and hot!!! Nicely ran, and great selection of waffles, and coffee!!! Fun great idea....
Ugh
Hmmmmmmm.  How to describe The Griddle.  A no frills, typical cafe diner with frozen/ready made chicken and potatoes, rubbery scrambled eggs, unripe fruit, and gross coffee.  But their lemon blueberry pancake was delicious.  They got an extra star for that.
Always passed this place, and finally today stopped in for a burrito. I got the AL Pastor pork burrito. It was a little heavy on the refried beans, but overall was a very nice burrito. I'll come back again and try other things.
I come here ever time I get my oil changed across the street. They are always very nice. The food is good, and prices aren't bad.
Jonathon the \"manager\" who was early 20's at best had a real attitude.  Lied to us on check in about our room.  Even called security although we were calm and he wasn't.  Hmm. \nNot ever would we come back.
XS last night was so awesome!!! My friends and I decided on a random trip to Vegas and XS made it a success!! Thanks to Gia who got us in with complimentary drinks--we had a ball! Met some cool people from all over and danced till we dropped!
I can remember when the restore was actually priced like a resale store. The used building materials they are selling are priced higher than one could purchase them from say The Home Depot brand new.
Great pizza, creative environment. Good  service overall. Truly massive portions. Would come in again!
Adorable. Such an intimate date restaurant, you can't beat the ambiance here.\n\nI had a French Martini which was fine. We were only snacking, but the pretzels are a must try. WOW! I'll be back again.
We just had dinner at B&B, the food was good and the people were friendly.   The only complaint we have is that the restaurant has a sewage smell that lingers.  They need to have a plumber come and fix it.   It really destroys the whole experience.
Small shop that was dimmy lit when we went. Much smaller selection than the Beef Jerky Store and a bit pricier for small items. They did have unique items, but nothing that got my attention.
Roger is awesome...  I had a small problem he took care of right away.  Good customer service after the sale.  Planning on buying from them again soon.
Love that the people know so much about their product. The man was super nice and informative and gave us free samples!
clean and convenient... \nAround the city we go...\nAlways on time...Ha...
Dumb people who can't keep their lists straight. Called ahead for a 415 appointment and checked in and then sat for 50 minutes to be told that my name \"wasn't on the list\" and they'll put me on the list...behind the 5 people who had just walked in. Don't go here seriously
Worst venue EVER!!  Here's an idea ... SEATS!\n\nSaw an indoor and outdoor concert here.  Never again.
Zipp's is a slightly more upscale version of another sports bar across the street, Hazelwood's.  Blah food, overpriced drinks, happy hour specials that aren't all that special and hit-or-miss service.  If you go, limit your expectations and you should be fine.
Not what is used to be.\nFood OK but prices sky high.\nWe stopped by because we used to live in the 'burg and frequented Mallorca a lot. \nNot what it used to be..  :(
Been here several times and the food and drinks are always great. The waitresses are very friendly, one of them was even nice enough to give me a general overview of the area.
Great food. The enchiladas were amazing. Fajitas were decent.. nachos were different but very good. Not so good service took about 15 minutes for our server to even ask us for our drinks. He didn't even come back for refills. I will go back but hoping for a different server.
Pretty good food looked pre packaged but tasted good. Interesting atmosphere, very modern.
We had the pizza for lunch here and i even struggled to give this place two stars. I have not been to a Mario Bartoli restaurant that I have really liked ever.\n\nThe pizza was below average, way too much sauce and not enough cheese, but more importantly it just did not taste very good.
Soup and salad all you can eat, it's worth it, but the rest is just ok.
Excellent food and Justin was an amazing server. I had the tempura shrimp appetizer and it was the best tempura I've ever had. Also tried the filet mignon salad and Saigon fried rice.....Both were good. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
Eat there 2-3 x wk. great good and service
Very unreliable quality of food. It can be a hit or miss. Eaten their 3 times and the same food item tasted different each of the times. If your craving Asian food has a wed variety of menu items and it will satisfy you but it's not the best you can find. Love their noodle soups
Prices are a bit more than $5 so a bit misleading. Food was average except Thai which was the only dishes worth getting. No credit cards and $1 charge for debit.  It is a smoky dive where you need a key to get to the restroom.
The coupon here that says \"2 dollars off regular hand car wash\", does not apply to a regular car wash. \n\nIt only applies to their more expensive car wash AND detail+ cleaning wash. \n\nThat doesn't make too much sense to me...
Good value for what you are getting.  It's one of the better buffet on the strip.
For such a busy location on a Saturday morning, it was surprisingly how incredibly SLOOWWWWW the service was. 25 minutes for pancakes and eggs? Seriously?\n\nIt's open 24 hours and after dark, they usually have armed security or a local cop on duty in the lobby.
I really don't get Giant Eagle. They are nice enough, but pricing just makes no sense at all to me. It is close to my house so I'll drop in to buy a thing or two, but would rather go just about anywhere else for my weekly shopping trip.
Why did it close?\nI love this place!\nI've always celebrated my birthday there every year while I lived in the LV!\nSad to hear it's closed.  Great spot!
Cant fault a single thing about this place. We had the Hells Kitchen Burger and a side of parmesan truffle fries and we were in heaven. I loved this place so much I wanted to go back for dinner.
Good quality food. The eggs are fresh, and received order quickly. Service was a little slow, but coffee was good.
I love this Restaurant! The Lentil soup is amazing and Chicken Biryani was as well!
Great atmosphere, great food and great '80's music playing.  Will definitely be back!
Too much hype. It is more like korean style sushi. Not authentic enough.\nRamen is spicy prepared from Korean instant noodle.\nTheir sushi H3 and Nigiri are too overpowering lack of subtle taste of fine sushi.
Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. Everyone is so rude and have the attitude like they are better than everyone else...... Mmmm you work at San Felipe, a bar. Get over it! Will not come back.
The staff is always nice and cheerful, although they can be a bit ignorant. I've received beer poured into the wrong kind of glass and they nearly always mispronounce quinoa. But the vegan tacos are yummy and the laid back atmosphere is relaxing and fun.
Delicious pie's. Even came back and tried the lasagna.. They have a cute rockabilly girl working there and she is sweet as pie.
I have gotten pies from Piefection 3 different times and have tried 5 different pies that have all been excellent. The staff is very nice and helpful. I would say the Georgia Peach is my favorite so far, but I don't think you can go wrong with any pie they make.
Super cute space! But super under-whelmed! I was really hoping to like this place, they have an awesome outdoor space and just an overall great location! But this place has horrible service and mediocre food. \n\nKeeping walking if you pass by this place....
Great smoothie!! Great Espresso! Horrible horrible service!! The staff is rude and seems lost with what's going on!
Such a cute little restaurant to grab lunch or a late afternoon cup of tea. The staff is always super friendly and they have a fantastic salad bar. I will miss hanging out here between classes now that I'm finished with law school.
Breakfast buffet, def go for it!
Food was poor. Nachos were burnt. Waited 50 minutes for check. 1 star is generous. Not sure but I think the ribs were coyote.
The chicken taco!!!!! That is all I have to say.
Ribs are excellent as is the chicken picatta! Sizes are huge portions! Wish I could've substituted garlic mashed in for fettucine on the Chicken Picatta, but still great! Chicken fried steak is huge, but could do without half the berating. Great peppery taste though! Better come hungry!
I have been forced to come here many times as I am part of a networking group that meets here. I have been to a LOT of establishments in the valley. In regards to how the food tastes....this among the worst tasting food in Chandler. Awful awful awful food!
Perpetually understaffed and slow. It took 40 min of waiting in line with only 4 people ahead of me because only one person was manning the front.
Nice selection of restaurants and easy enough to navigate. Big clean restrooms, but would it kill them to crank up the air conditioner to cool it down?
Love the A1 burger good onion rings also good service
Nice place to talk and hang but service is poor, food is overpriced, wine is mediocre and we generally felt unwelcome. Hipsters would like it probably.
Dropped in for a class today. Very well stocked gym with good coaching. Felt very comfortable and welcomed (even though I am a dumb yank who doesn't speak the local tongue).
This place is always just okay. The food is okay, the service is okay, the whole experience is really just okay. I had the seafood enchilada tonight and again, it was just okay. I never think to go here because it's forgettable.
Don't show up with athletic shoes on.  Went with a friend who was wearing athletic shoes and they wouldn't let us in.  Went back in appropriate attire, very chill place.
This CB is located across the park and next door to a healthy food restaurant. Staff are always friendly, fast service, and great in stock items!
This shop is hit or miss. It's usually dirty and the customer service is lax. Go to The Human Bean down the street instead.
We unexpectedly found this landmark in Oldtown Scottsdale. The older man and woman who work here are very friendly. They will ask you to sign the guestbook, which seems to be very important to them. The museum has interesting information and artifacts from Scottsdale's early years. The 100-year old newspaper was an interesting read.
Lol Watch \"Food Inc\" Then try to eat here ok? lMFAO :-)
Worst free car wash ever! After 2300 miles of driving from florida I jumped on the free carwash with oil change deal. the car was not even clean at the end.
First time being here and it was a blast!!!! Great customer service!!!!!!! I absolutely am a fan of this place. Will definitely come back soon and I'll bring more wine (:\nThis is such a perfect place to enjoy with friends. Good vibes
frrozen hot chocolate = overpriced frappaccino without the coffee\n\nit's not that i didn't enjoy it, i just didn't understand why it was $8.25 for the smaller portion and why it didn't blow my mind
This is fine for an intimate party, it is so small and romantic.  I was here with a rowdy group and would NOT recommend it.  It is just so tiny.  The waitress was sweet and always checking on us and the wine selection was outstanding.  Nice view of uptown....just wouldnt repeat with a group.
This place is pretty good..\nThey have some nice vegetarian pizzas, and they are open till 2am.. so this is where I go when I am hungry while studying at night..\nThe place has nice ambiance, and when not packed with people, is pretty nice to get work done in
Wow ... really miss this place.  We left Charlotte in 2000.  Nothing like Sonny's here in San Diego.
Vegas has grown to have endless choices when it comes to nightlife but I can assure you that 1Oak is on the top of that list! A venue that actually has character and treats you as if you are more than a passing Vegas tourist! The crowd is upscale and best of all the girls are top notch!
The best loco moco - excellent gravy!!  Had the spam musubi which is also very very good.  Will definitely be back to try all the items on their menu!!
Over priced \nLame pizza\nNo flavor
Great place really Loke you can you use no wait app. Also dog friendly  are is a plus
We love this place! Good food every time we go. Nice, attentive servers. The egg flower soup is awesome, as is the bbq pork fried rice. We always get soup, rice, and 2 entree plates and leave with leftovers. Yum!
This restaurant is top notch. Great food, the Crispy Chicken Salad is to die for, and the service is really good. Very attentive restaurant staff.
Crazy busy from 5 to 7 in the evening on weekdays.
Seems like the service has gotten worse since our last visit.  It took forever to get our orders. Waiter forgot one of our orders and they didn't have one of the items on the menu.
I've been searching for authentic Mexican food since I moved here from Cali. The food here is always on point. It's a family owned business and the interior isn't fancy but the food is cooked fresh, delicious, and the service is always friendly. My husband and I love going here anytime we crave Mexican.
I have reservations for 3 weeks from now and I have to say I am a little scared based on the reviews so far. I am hoping I cannot believe everything I read here since this will be my birthday trip and I have not been to Vegas in 20 years. SLS I am looking to be impressed.
Great for toddlers. Not to many big kids so the little ones can play. One of the slides is really fast don't let the little ones down it. A little disorganized with the staff several people had to wait to get in because no one was around.
Good biscuit but I like the chorizo burrito my boyfriend ordered better. It had more flavor and \"kick to it\". Staff was friendly and I enjoyed sitting out in the patio. Nice place to have brunch.
It's an awesome patio spot to hang out.  Small inside so service is a bit slow but our dinner was great!  Sweet potato fries are awesome!  Loud place so if you're looking for a nice quiet place keep driving.  I would def go back to try the fish tacos.
Good sandwiches as you expect, but a bit of a touristic atmosphere.  I'm a stickler for the original in the strip!
Not again\nA few simple items turned into a large bill. I thought the charges were excessive and questionable services  that they stated I needed. I unfortunatey did not have time for my routine mechanic, thought this would be convienent with work location. shopper beware\nNot again for me.
Good food with new flavored! Changed name from Pak & Afghan Grill to Tahoora. Beef/chicken sheesh Kabab masala is the best!
This is a disgusting place which serves a what looks like an hour by hour hotel room.  Don't do it!!!!!!   The staff creepy....like something out of psycho.  Beware!!!!
I got food poisoning from this restaurant, I would not recommend this place to ANYONE. DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE GOOD REVIEWS! This place is also pretty pricey.
Not so good. Got very sick after eating the mahi mahi and macaroni salad.
What an odd place. Don't know what they're going for but it works. Food and beer excellent. Band was pretty bad but somehow it all comes together.best for a large group. Can't sit at the bar and eat
Menu selection limited, however all was delicious. Ambiance suitable for date nights in beautiful Old Montreal!
No need to keep your junk in your garage...drop it off here to help people in your community!\n\nGoodwill\u00ae inspires hope and self-confidence, helping people from all backgrounds and walks of life to feel successful, valuable and dignified.
Taste was bland!  you are better off going to Genghis Grill instead.  YC's only has 3 meat choices and no seafood!  It was fresh, but flavorless.  You had to get the noodles in your bowl too so you get less here than you do at Genghis Grill.
Great Food. little longer than usual wait time but, worth i,t food was prepared excellently....... best Flan and Tres Leches Dessert taste nothing like the store-bought stuff and the maracuya drink was delicious
-one of my favorites hotels\n-love love love the red decors\n-totally Vegas VIP feelings
I've tried the breakfast sandwiches a couple of times and wasn't too impressed either time.  Seems like glorified fast food and I would much rather have McDonalds since I get what I expect for a more reasonable price.
wonderful venue but food/drinks suck royal.  will try this again, but eat dinner elsewher.
The stage and art of war will leave you spellbound! Great show! I loved the entire thing! But still not as good as O or Le Reve
On a day-trip to AZ with my daughter, we spent a while reading and relaxing from a packed day of sightseeing and shopping.Good spot to recharge (and make a stop by the restroom which can be a challenge to find in the city.)
Well they gave us bacon instead of Canadian bacon. Bad start to new place.
I've been going here for a while. Found this place on yelp .. Since then I love phoebe she always does a great job and can fit me in any time I call .. Ps they are really creative too.. any cool nail art you see they can do just ask :)
This place is overpriced and very rude for service. They will charge you $99 for diagnosis. You heard that right, Then the service is on top of that. It seems that the service department is always busy on phone, chit-chatting. I hope the business either improves or it shuts down soon.
Gabi's review is on the money. Generally the merch is geared toward the 40-something woman but more hip than the chico crowd.  They offer a lot of inventory and the 2 owners are extremely friendly.  Visited them when they had a 75% off sale and found some killer deals for my mom's birthday.
Great brunch!   Dog friendly non-smoking patio.  Really good service and excellent food.   We had the bacon beer chorizo benedict, really great.   Can't wait to come back for mimosas.
My favorite sandwiches in Vegas. New york style. Tons of meat in them. My favorite is the pastrami panini. Also comes with a pickle on the side, can't beat that.
Have stayed here 4 times and totaled 11 nights. By far the best hotel in the area. They have amazing service, walking distance to great food, right off I-77, and the option for free breakfast or collecting points if you're an Honors member. I like points but the breakfast looks amazing.
Essen ist unterer Durchschnitt, mit Sauberkeit nehmen die es auch nicht so ernst, Bedienung war Okay.\nWerde mich lieber weiter nach besseren umschauen.
The food was lacking flavor and taste, we were there for the ACF Convention. The service was lacking and non existing bussers.
Good food I had the Shrimp Scampi and it wasn't bad at all. Our waitress was very funny and the food came fast. The prices were very reasonable. The only bad thing was that the bread was terrible it was extremely hard.
Hole in the wall restaurant, went here for the lunch buffet, and really did not like the food, it was very dry and did not have any flavor, staff was rude, won't be back, and you shouldn't go either.
I love their Chicken Enchilada plate! Great place! Try it!
Excellent food & great service! The staff was prompt and the food was delicious. Nice plating. I especially enjoyed that they have a lower calorie options menu. Did not expect that from an Italian restaurant.
I have been getting my nails done for over 30 yrs and been to a lot of salons!  However,  I did not like the fill and polish and it was the male technician who did a bad job!  Won't be going there a 2nd time!  Just saying...
We love the burgers but the service can be hit or miss.
This review is for the gallery section of CAV. The gallery is small but has a lot of interesting work.  Work ranges in size from cups/mugs all the way to really large vases. The makers of the ceramics are around to chat as well. Definitely worth a look.
The burgers are not close to what i would describe as good. The meat was overcooked and it was a round ball of meat, which made it fall apart. \nThe fries where okay and the beer selection was good.
The food here is awful. Go elsewhere.
Outstanding Service of some really exciting food served in a beautiful atmosphere.  My mahi mahi serving would not have been enough for a child, let alone an adult. Other 3 in party had enough, but mine was less than paltry.
Not NY pizza. Not using true pizza oven. Bad service. Ignored by punks at counter. Will never be back. Attention owner:  why is your business not growing. Answer weak team and you are not there running it.
Their cheeseburgers taste pretty fresh, but I'm mostly a fan of their \"Smashfries,\" that have a dash of herb seasoning and olive oil. Great place for lunch!
The Capital Grille has some pretty good steak, though I was not totally blown away -- everything was good, but there was nothing surprising or new. The wine selection is amazing, or maybe that was just the good taste of the guy in my group. Try the fresh berries with cream for dessert. Definitely better with an expense account!
Love this place! Been here both for a classic pedi and gel manicure and both turned out great! Everyone is so friendly and their prices are very competitive
Place is small the staff is rude. Pool is dirty. Lol and was on a waiting list for an iron that I never got. Place sucks
Fast service and fair price for my cracked iPhone 5 screen. Highly recommended.  A little tricky to find but they sent me A photo of the building to make finding them even easier.
I like this ULTA location.  This location is super clean (compared to the Camelback store) and the employees seem friendly and the usually willing to help.
Marisa will take care of you! A true mom & pop place. Run by the daughter of the original Libby's El Rey Cafe in Globe since 1947.
While their sweet selection is interesting, I only go here out of proximity to my house. The price is higher than most tea houses and the drinks are a bit sweeter, but the staff is friendly and great vegan selection.
Their weekend brunch is awesome! I have gone to it many times and have always been completely satisfied.
Nice waffle and friendly environment. The toppings are great and tasty. It's just a bit too sweet. Come here with friends would be a great choice for brunch or afternoon tea.
Had breakfast here today. Bacon and over easy eggs were excellent.  Hubby loved his omelet and son loved the pancackes. We got there at 8:00 and got right in, but it did get busy after that. Very neat watching all the airplanes. Will definitely be back.
Awesome Indian food! I did pickup with online ordering, which was easy and quick.i got the lamb vindaloo, which had an awesome spice profile. Also got the garlic naan, which was also tasty. Would definitely recommend.
This place was disgusting even my 12 year old did not like it. Everything came out of a box. We were very disappointed and will not return to this buffet.
The food was pretty good, But service was pretty bad. There were two waiters and about 4 tables but we had to wait almost half an hour to get a to go box and the check for some reason .
Great classic breakfasts, nothing fancy but very fresh and very good. I'm coming back!
So delicious, i have been looking for a good real raspado place and finally ive found it! It sucks that its like 45 minutes from where i live but when im on that side of town i have to get a raspado. Yummyyyy!
Had a sausage breakfast burrito today and it hit the spot this morning.  The burrito was huge and will cure anyone's hunger pangs.
5 stars all around
Overall good food. But the service is typically slow and inattentive. It's probably a training thing but most of the servers can't handle more than 1 thing at a time. Good eats, just bring a book to read.
The food was good, the wine selection nice and this would have been an easy 4 star review but having my date feel rushed to leave and the numerous staff interrupting our date drops this down to the DNR category.
Ordered 2 slim Jim #4 sandwiches. Brought them to my kids & they had lettuce, tomato & mayo in them. $10 in the trash.
Food is ok, price is ok. nothing special.
Hands down the best Optometrist in town!  Love this place!\n\nDr. Rago is there to help and will make sure you are taken care of.  Brad and Sharon will help you in the front.  They definitely are a family and treat you like it when you visit!
This is my favorite library not only is it close to my home but I never have a problem with computers,checking out items,etc.
I know it's a chain, but it's delicious, you can't deny it. Love their salads and the Rigatoni D.
Great service and the Garden of Eden omelet had all the right ingredients. Can't wait to go back.
Tequilla shots, slots and friends ..good salsa, really hot.
Well priced. Away from tourist location. Good spacing between seats. I go here very often. If there is an issue they will fix it right away!
Clean cuts, friendly barbers, good price, quick service. Always a good experience, and I'll miss this place when I move away.
They do such a great job and the waiting area is clean and comfortable. TV with satellite and you get to pick your channel
Arroz con pollo platter!
Rubios is one of my favorites, its got a great atmosphere, super nice employees, and its great if you're a pescatarian like me. Rubios offers a lot of choices.
Super busy location, not sure if I like that, but at least it is convenient. I love/hate the 1.00 bins, they always get you. Don't forget to sign up for their emails, they send out coupons you can either print out, or they take them right off of your smartphone.
Went here the other night for the first time.  I am glad i experienced it but it was not all that great of food for the price.  Probably will not go back.
Great service! They came out immediately and took the time to explain in detail what the problem was and the remedy. The techs were friendly and knowledgable. This is my go to hvac from now on.
Stopped in here for a business lunch. A bit loud but still was able to speak clearly.  Ordered up some shrimp tacos.  Was warned they had a bit of a kick. They did and they were good!  Really enjoyed them.  Service was dead on too.  Def a place I would go back to again if I was in the area.
They accommodated for vegans! Great food, great atmosphere and great service! Had a great time!
4 stars mainly because of the back patio, one of the nicest in Chandler. Food is average mexican, chips and salsa are decent. Service is advertised to be slow (menu says it takes time to make good food or something like that) and that's true.
Mary is TERRIFIC! She is professional, caring , and positively does not hurt. If you are afraid to have any procedure done , be afraid no more. She is so good you will forget you were ever worried. I can't say enough except   GO to MARY. \n\n\n                                                                                      Elaine
Edit: The manager of the Tempe location sent me a much appreciated written apology.  The regional manager, as well as someone else from corporate also called to apologize for my experience.  Three stars for the apology.  Thanks!
Bridgett is excellent!
Awesome store with great people who have answers to all your running questions.  It is amazing to find a store with people who actually go out and run the big events around the region and around the country.  I am loving my Hokas, my Innov8s. and my Altras!
Great pizza at a great price..\n\nThey have a unique flavor that is fantastic.
Just keeps getting worst, this is not the quality of Chicago pizza. Since when do you take a pizza that was cooked incorrectly with the missing ingredients and just throw some greasy sausage on top of it and it makes it super greasy!
meh.\n\nloved the interior but the menu didn't have many options. i was really hoping for an amazing salad but none of their salads sounded good. \n\nand what we did order wasn't impressive. i'll give it another try sometime but for now, meh.
i love the converted house, they've done a really nice job giving each room its own feel and its own color scheme. \n\nvery helpful and knowledgeable staff will tell you about all the different types of teas and help you pick one to suit your mood. \n\nand they had great gazpacho too!
Mmmmmmmm, need I say more?  You had  The Hubs at \"vegan blizzard\" and did not disappoint.
This place is a bit schizophrenic.I am staying at the hotel for a week so I am here enough to say that  they serve a good breakfast with a friendly breakfast staff.
They don't make whole wheat anymore:(. The pumpkin are cinnamon with a fancy name and even at times they are empty they undercook the pancakes. Gross!  \nSadly it's the only place open after 9pm so I may have to return.
Place works very slow the severs keep playing around and when I got my spinach artichoke dip there was noodles on the inside of it.
Great food & service. Professional & knowledgeable staff. Food was on point!
Shrimp scampi was not very good.  The sauce was too watery and the overall dish was bland.
came here because the rv park owner told us it was THE BEST\nPerhaps our problem was we came for lunch. Very disappointing in the quality and flavor of the food.
Environment is nice. The food is very good... Lovely oyster and mussels. Service is on average. Recommend people should try this restaurant and must eat oyster.
Good service, but expensive as hell for what you get. The food is avaerage at best.
This is by far the worse hotel I have stayed in! The rooms are filthy and smelly!  When we first went  in to  the restroom it was dirty and had hair all over the place.  Would not stay at this hotel again.
I was here on an overnight trip to Tucson. We stayed here after looking for a couple of hotels in the area. The room we got, 330 was clean and organized. The sheets and pillows were all neat, the tables organized, and the bathroom sparkling clean. The breakfast wasn't bad either. And I left feeling happy.
Mmmmm now that's a tasty burger..... And of course the nurses were very nice too
My family dined here for a birthday celebration - it was superb! The restaurant ambiance is elegant and upscale. The service is phenomenal and the food was delicious! The price wasn't bad but it wasn't cheap. I will be back!\n\nA solid 5 stars!
No condensed milk = Yogurtland fail. And they need to refill toppings more frequently. Nothing kills excitement more than reaching the toppings station to find 1/3 of your options are nearly empty. Fortunately for Yogurtland, their actual yogurt is among the best and prices are pretty good.
Best thing about this hotel is that Carnival Court is right next door!!!!!
Cheap prime rib special. Good for the price. When it's busy, it'll be a little wait. Other than that the food is good.
Thank you, Yelp! Howard is the best! He came on a Saturday morning and fixed out toilet and tub in no time flat. Professional and so nice! His rates are great and we will definitely be using Howard from now on. Great find!!
Not only is the food amazing but the service is also exceptional. I have been going to this restaurant since it opened and they have never stopped providing 5 star service even when they are lined up out the door. The food and people are worth the wait. I promise you won't be disappointed!
Friendly service, fresh and delicious food -- A truly local and consistently excellent establishment!
good wings, but they are a little proud of them. over all good wing joint!
Not good to me they messed up on my order the food was okay but not all that. I don't think I will go back there nice place I don't think I will go back there nice place that the food wasn't that great but  the food wasn't that great
Quaint atmosphere with retro gas station decor, beautiful mountain view (at the back, though). The four mini-burgers I ordered were overcooked and quite dry. Two stars for now; might change with my next visit.
Good sushi with all you can eat options.
Love the upscale feeling...and the outdoor seating for great people watching. Great after work happy hour spot, with happy hour specials on appetizers and drinks. Food tastes very fresh and homemade.
Fine dining, romantic atmosphere. Great steaks, exceptional bone-in filet mignon. Definitely a place to come back for more!
The top of Arthur's Seat must be the busiest place in Edinburgh. Anyone who makes it to the top will be rewarded with one of the best views in the world. Take the easy way up, go up the Radical Road and start your ascent from Dunsapie Loch.
Food and Service wad  very good.  I had the lunch special 1/2 lasagne 1/2 spaghetti with salad and garlic bread.\n\nAtmosphere:  Carpet stained and old. \n\nNice family restaurant.
The drinks are stiff here but the food could be much better.  Waitress (Melissa) is very nice.It would be nice if they showed some hockey games once and a while.  If you have nowhere else to be........its an OK place.
Best place in the city to get a dog
I made an appointment with a consultant to measure our windows for shutters. When the time came, she never showed up. When I called she said, \"Oh I never wrote your appointment down, can we reschedule for later this week?\"  Absolutely not. Very unprofessional. Would not recommend this company!
Menu selection disappointing. Cob salad was good though. Being named the Adobe restaurant i expected a couple tex-mex selections.  Nope, typical golf club restaurant.  Expected more from the Biltmore.  Bummer!
Horrible!!! Over crowded. Was like a laser tag cavern. Hot, loud and lame. Went to Tao the night before and had a blast. Also heard XS and marque are good too.
Fish quality is okay. Rolls are oversauced... Average Americanized sushi/ rolls
The buttermilk pie and the almond bars are my favorite!!  Great bakery!
They are so rude here! Maybe it is because it was hot but the girl there needs to take a chill pill and maybe actually order a drink for herself. My friends and I are on vacation and we just wanted drinks to have fun. We didn't need the amount of attitude given, we just wanted to get buzzed.
The two times I went in there the customer service was HORRIBLE and would not go back for that reason.
The filet was cooked to perfection... great flavor.  My drink was a bit strong in fact I couldn't even finish it.  Definitely a place to revisit.
THE biggest serving of Crab Rangoon my lonely eyes have ever seen. They could use a fork upgrade, but the rice was nice.
After waiting in line for an hour, I paid $8.00 for ONE slice of pizza... Then some random guy offered to pay double to skip the line, and they let him skip my friends. THEN the cashier made fun of my friends for ordering salad
After a fun night out in vegas. It wouldn't be complete after a cheap steak dinner at Ellis Island hhahahaha
Horrible service.\nCashier - attitude\nServer - lazy \nCooks \"seafood section\" - talking in a foreign language about u. \n\nI wouldn't come here on a holiday weekend that's for sure.
Hey Bill, Thanks again for your time and educating us on the blends of coffee you and your sons roast. (2/17/12)  Trying the middle roast you recommended, excellent, will be re-ordering LTR. - Hank & Lauralyn Theodore
Excellent customer service. We drove 6 hours arriving at 10 am and were able to check in and rest before beginning our day in Charlotte. The room was nice and clean and the bed was comfy. Right off of 77, within walking distance to multiple fast food joints. Would definitely stay again when in the area.
Love coming here with my friends!  Just to chill and catch up! Also did I mention its open 24 hours on the weekends!The Savory Crepes are soo good! And I always get an iced mocha coffee to go with it.
We have enjoyed the last several times we ordered here. \n\nWe get the Bean and Cheese burros\nSuper Nachos\n\nBoth have better taste then the bertos around the way. \n\nWatch your drive thru though....missing items!
Mediocre food that would benefit tremendously from paying attention to seasoning. They can and should do better, as Gordon Ramsay says \"Taste Your Food\"! That could help prevent the bland dishes we experienced at this cute restaurant at a lovely resort.
I always get the basics-pho ga and spring rolls. It is good enough for those items. Have not tried other things on the menu. Kind of dirty in there but it's cheap and service is fast.
I would recommend the 6 course meal especially for dinner for two, they dish out their best dishes and you get the taste of their Japanese tapas fruit fusion.  But if your really hungry they have an 8 course meal.  Ambiance is great and service was top notch.
Okay -- It's a bit quirky yes.  The food isn't all that great.  My ribs were cold when they arrived.  I got sick that night.  Enough said.
Really good food and service
The food is not good at all.  I had a groupon for a family dinner.  I chose the creamy chicken.  Horrible- my son and his friends wouldn't eat it.
there was a bug. A big bug. It crawled across the table. I'm not an expert on bugs, but I'd bet my paycheck that thing was a roach. DO NOT EAT HERE. No amount of loud, obnoxious \"fun\" is worth that.
Love this place.. Always busy though so make a reservation. Their food is great, especially their breakfast!
I ordered a cheese pizza and  it was horrible! How do you screw up a cheese pizza?I guess they know how?Burnt pizza with no flavor is not my thing.If I wanted to eat charcoal I would've ate a bag of Kingston briquettes. I'm sticking to Grimaldi's!
Horrible experience.  Thursday night, there are 12 people in the entire bar.  $10 cover for guys, $5 cover for ladies.  Asinine.  I was with a group of 6 individuals each of us probably going to spend $40+ a piece on drinks but charging $10 to get into an empty bar absolutely absurd
Like the other reviewer said, if you show up to the actual shop you'll be attended by a jerk. \nNext time I will just have the van come out to me instead of going to the actual store. \nI don't know what is wrong with that guy. Stay away from the store.
I love that this place has a variety of vegan options. The calzone with soy cheese and soy sausage is delicious! The vegan pizza delight is also tasty. The owner and staff are great too. My only complaint is how much more the vegan calzone is compared to the regular ones.
Had a blast! Went on the crawl for my daughters 21st birthday and everyone had such a good time. Everyone on the party bus was great and the host and hostess were awesome. Will definately do it again.
The singing bartenders should be\nSplitting tips with the piano guy, they rally the crowd for tips and don't get any of it!!! So if you like the singer make sure you give your tip directly to the singer, doesn't make sense for everyone not to pull tips
I greatly prefer over Lowes for inventory and persnnel.\nHome Depot used to be a fun place to shop. Reason:\ngreat people in each department.  I am happy with all purchases. There are many positive aspects and unlike other giants they did push everyone out of business and then leave you with few choices.
Our favorite restaurant in Vegas! It's always a special treat to dine here. We had the tasting menu paired with wines. Food, wine and service were impeccable! Expensive evening but well worth it!
I walked into this jeweler at 10 am and asked if they could remove a link from my watchband.  The man at the counter was able to take care of it immediately and only charged $5!  Very professional and personable.  I look forward to using this place for all of my jewelry repair issues in the future.
Fantastic favors from a wide selection of  Mediterranean recipes you will not find anywhere else. I highly recommend Romeo's whenever you are in the mood for a Mediterranean type of meal from a menu unlike any other you have ever seen, in a good way!
Love the place we always come when we visit vegas..this is our favor mexican restaueant...service  it's great..
cant beat the foie gras here...
Been here twice and both times have been good.
Horrible service. I live here in Las Vegas and have called this taxi service many of times and they never have any taxis available. UBER!
This is the best AYCE sushi in Vegas! We always come here for a great time and good eats!! The sushi chefs are amazing!!
Un bar au coeur du plateau et proche du m\u00e9tro!\nEt la bi\u00e8re y est bonne!\nIl y a de la place et des grandes tables, id\u00e9al pour les groupes
Loved the ambience and the couch was very very comfortable. Our waitress was sweet. Didn't like the pancakes or the sandwich much, but the monaco hash (made vegetarian) was really good. \nFun place, but a little expensive for the quality of food.
Been to one been to them all. It's not really my scene but don't get me wrong if you're with a group of guys and want to watch the games it will suit your needs.
Oh this place is good!\nTheir portions are more than enough, and everything tastes so home made!\n\nIts open late! Im not sure how late, but its open late, and this is my go to place after I get out of class and want to grab some good asian cuisine.
The food is alright here, the service is always poor, and I can't help but feel every time I come here they try to screw me outta money. Serve me a flat pitcher of beer and refuse to replace or refund it. Bad Business in my opinion.
Love this place! So glad that I decided to come here with my friend. Ask for Summer or Kate, they are fabulous and friendly! Love my mani pedi and definitely will be coming back to this cute little place.
Nice atmosphere with a large grouping of flowers. Nice attentive service. Pho Tai has a gentle flavor and a modest saltiness. Serves beer. Somewhat intimate setting. Closely located to Mountains Edge on Blue Diamond. Serves Thai food as specialty. Good restaurant run by good people.
This is a great place to go with the family.  Ask for grilled vegetables instead of rice and beans, they are awesome.
Dumb blondes who work there .. takes 20 min to get 5 dollar beers .. only good for eye candy..
Worth the drive if you're not in the area! I've been 3 times and each time is better than the last. I partial to the lamb, but my husband loves their fish. We both love their desserts!! the ambiance is great and the host and staff are attentive. Delicious food and great atmosphere!
Not impressed with the chef! Threw pepper in my drink. Not very personable. Food was good.
Love the food, but all this type of food can get you a bit gassy. :-P
No. The frozen yogurt tasted like freezer burn. A girl working behind the counter had a cigarette (not lit) in her mouth and was texting. Gross. Go to Mojo
A little off the beaten path but worth the drive.  Hole in the wall old school diner.  Had the homemade corned beef hash.  Awesome.  Shredded and chunked corned beef.  Do yourself a favor and get the pumpkin nut bread for your side.  Also fresh and homemade.
I went here today for the first time and was pleased!  The people working there were all so sweet and friendly - excellent service.  And the food was yummy.  And no lard in the beans - which is important to me.  I'll be back.
This place has a \"to-go\" option -- if you are by yourself, this is a great, semi-cheap option of getting buffet type food in a box :)  I got mashed potatos, salad, bacon and mini cupcakes, rice crispy treats. #happytime
Food was Just ok, place was packed and service slow.  Expensive for what you get.  It was a great patio and the staff was very friendly.  There are just so many better options in Las Vegas.  Lunch for three was 100 bucks, ok, half of that was booze.
There are gas stations within a few miles of this particular location with cheaper prices.
Even today, once again super busy. Crazy line, guy came out with smart phone & took our order. It was ready when we got to window. :) Super friendly & yummy drinks.
Ok, just to make sure you all understand, this place is on the earth solely for the purpose of helping you shovel the largest amount of food possible into your stomach. My omelette was about the size of a football.\n\nTasty, though.
Its way to greasy for my liking.  I used to love this place now my stomach hates it
Ram was too hungover to eat their steak and eggs. They were overcooked. The bloody mary had a spicy back of your throat. Ram had the cheeseballs. So many dudes. Swerve
Cool spot in the lobby of the Cosmo. Bartenders were great and so were the bloody marys. Little pricey but you get what you pay for.
It smells so sweet the minute you walk in the doors...\nThe kids just love to see them being made...\n\nI love the maple ones... whats your flavor???
We've eaten here several times.  The sushi is always good, as is the service.  Contrary to other reviews, I thought it was a nice calm quiet place to go.  Would eat here again!
Beautiful, trendy, comfortable clothes. Loved!
The service was excellent as was the food.  The atmosphere was great as well. I would definitely recommend this place for friends or a couple. My friend and I were on a short timeline and they made sure we got out in time to see our show that we had booked. We definitely appreciated that.
biscuits were to sweet for biscuits and gravy. My friend really liked the pancakes
Food is great. Lots of selections to choose from. Bomba Is a great dessert. Plan to be there for a while though. The service is AWFUL! Also, I got charged money to have my meat on the side, and they didn't even warn me about it. Wow.
In my opinion, this place has one of the best pho broths! Their pho is very consistent each time. There's one thing I always must get, their Red Bean Drink. Wow... just try it and you'll want another one.
I have been going here since the 90s and it has been up and down.  Some ok food, some terrible.  Once found fatty masses in my meatloaf.  Recently it has been just ok.  Inexpensive, pretty fast but low quality compared to other places on Willy street and mediocre compared to the many good options in Madison.
When I am in town visiting family, I always have to come by and get a pizza. The pizza is thin crust and the sauce is delicious and the cheese is too. I am from Massachusetts and so are the owners, so they know how to make a pizza!
Good cheap breakfast.\nSmall selection of food for a buffet. \nService was a little slow to get drinks, I had to flag someone down.\nThe restaurant is really dark.
Not Bad, Not Great. It is a pretty standard Hotel. \nThe Steakhouse, though is great.\nI would also recommend skipping the Jubilee Show.
Way too over priced. It's a disappointment to their NY establishment. It's tasteless. I don't understand why it's always crowded here.
I thoroughly enjoyed everything I ate. Nice plate presentations. $$$.
As good as the hype. If you've ever had melona bars, the consistency is like that, it's great. Owner's the chillest guy on this side of the state; we fist bumped.
Great coffee (got a Cartel Med roast) at a reasonable price. 16oz for $1.90. What's not to love!
The staff is rude, and they were out of a lot of bagels everything by 1pm. I would not come back again, ever.
My fiance and I went here for dinner on a Tuesday night and absolutely loved it! The food was excellent (mussels, calamari, ahi tuna, mushrooms and fried pickles), the drinks were great and our server, Amanda, was awesome I would definitely recommend DM and can't wait to go back!
Service sucks sooooooo bad. I waited 25 minutes for a bowl of chili? Really? Did they have to hunt a cow? I mean you scoop it in a bowl and you serve it. It should only take 5 minutes but 25 minutes???? I walked out.
Love love love Maggianos! The service is always fantastic, the food is even better, and the drinks never disappoint. The patio has a nice little view of the Wynn and the strip. Maggianos never disappoints!
I don't consider Little Caesars edible. Zella's is 5 dollar pizza. It's edible. Again, it's 5 dollars. What were you expecting?
I felt that the food was a little pricey and the service spotty, but I would go back.  We got the waffle cheese fries and fried pickles which were delicious.  We shared a burger, which was just ok.  All the different shakes looked delicious!
I love the private rooms upstairs that make for an intimate and relaxing experience. I've come here with friends several times, and it's always been a great experience with friendly staff, great atmosphere and delicious tea.
Awesome store, especially to walk around in. Prices are very high!
was looking forward to trying some quality smoked meat in montreal and went here based on yelp and other peoples reccomendations  overall i was disappointed in the quality of the meat and found it quite dry.  we ended up eating street food nearby from a festival which we enjoyed much more.
I went here for breakfast one morning and had a breakfast sandwich that was made to order.  Yummy.  \n\nIt is tucked into a corporate center so finding it might be a little bit of a challenge.  It is worth the search!
OK...today I had an experience with a grumpy server but once my regular server noticed my unhappy dilemma with great skill took charge of my table and made dining at lunch wonderful.  Great recovery from the initial bad start.  I will go back!!
Going to put it very simple for you, these Pleasure Pit girls are the most eye catching and sexy on the Strip. I love taking my gambling chances with them. If I lose might as well be to a beautiful dealer while I watch a half naked chick dance on a pole fulfilling my stripper/visual desires.
Awesome meals, especially for the price. I was raving about that the entire meal. And I think I was a fan of the margaritas. I really couldn't remember or drive home.
One of the worst lunch buffets I ever had. We were there on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't worth the money.
Absolute worst experience ever. Been with Verizon for over ten years. Not only were they terribly unhelpful and completely unsympathetic to the problem, but the manager began to speak negatively about me before I walked out of the store.
I've eaten here numerous times and offered my opinion. The last two times sealed it for me I can't put myself through another meal. The food orders are often made wrong the service is terrible and even if it is a local business it's just plain not good.
Came here for a quick dinner before I start drinking at the Tao Club.  I order 6 pieces of sushi roll. Wasn't bad, until I got my bill. Just under $50 for 6 pieces of maki and a coke.
Not bad,  but not amazing either.  The Eggs Benedict Florentine had nicely blanched fresh spinach,  but something about the houlindese sauce is off.  Maybe the lemon or the lack of zing in the flavor.
The park is enjoyable. Features volley ball court, playground, picnic areas and dog park. Plenty of hiking trails as well. Definitely an experience worth revisiting.
Got there around 1115pm on Wednesday.  Advertisements said it closed at midnight, but they seemed stressed to serve food this late.  This made the service mediocre at best.  Late night menu was good, although very small portions.  I know it was a Wednesday night...but this place was a ghost town.
Ate at this location twice first time was just ok...and my second time I got food poising
The last few times we have gone there, it seems the level of service has been dropping. Last time, I didn't get a refill until I tracked down a hostess and told her I hadn't gotten a refill since I got there. The waiter proceeded to bring me 2 drinks at once and didn't come back again.
Valentina was very professional and prompt. She is always available and is very diligent keeping the deal moving to and end. I recommend her for buying or selling! She is our \"go to\" real estate person.
Im not sure if we just had a bad first impression or not but it seems as though we were wasting Dr. Webers time??  We went in for prescription  refills went to the pharmacy to pick them up and they were never faxed so now it seems as though we wasted or time. ..
Reservation counter person told me and families to wait in buffet queue and we were literally kicked out saying we were queue without paying and the staff allowed everyone behind us to go in. We were with two kids and is was roaming around for 45 mins with starving kids. What else can we say about this. They suck
I don't know what was wrong 40 minutes waiting after we order and food never came, and waitress did not show up again neither. Of course we leave.
I love the Napa Valley Spinach Salad, it is out of this world! Most of the food on the menu is good. The service isn't bad. They usually have good specials or coupons. My only complaint is that it is too dark.
These bundt cakes are amazing! Definite must try.
Saturday night. Opening weekend of Spring Training. 1 chef. Long waits between food delivery. \n\nAyce is limited in variety unless you really like California rolls. There are 5-6 different ones.
Honest skilled craftsman who takes care of your watch in no time. Would highly recommend for anything watch related.
Lamb Burger with Mint Jelly perfectly medium as ordered, with Truffle infused french fries were heavenly. The value, quality, and unique menu items puts this at a fair 5 stars for what's offered.
Our waiter was great but I'm sorry but I don't like hearing the manager yell at his employees right near our table. The food is sub par. I could have a better salad at super salad.
Food was enjoyable until i found 3 HUGE cock roaches. One on the wall one on my table right next to my food and one crawling between my seats. it was so disgusting i literally lost my appetite and left the manager didnt even care to offer a discount . smh
Meh, it's ok. Eggs were sub-par, corn beef hash was out of the can, bacon was chewy and cold. Pancakes were pretty good, but you can find similar quality at other places. Service was extremely quick but server was a bit disconnected. All in all, i'd pass.
Decent enough place, although pretty much par for the course compared to the many bar food spots around town.
YUMMY BUFFET! Reasonable price. Love their CHAI. Try their Buffet! Their desserts was awesome too. Service was awesome!
ok they ae jopen but rareley on time  the woman on duty even as waitress  is the worst waittres  i have ever expere in my life dont shop her awful sevice
Played this course on May 17th, 2014.  Good layout but the greens were like concrete and the sand traps had almost no sand in them.  Got a good deal on Tee Off but won't play this again even if it were free.  They must cut back on maintenance during the summer.
I like this place. Its a small cafe located by Walnut St. You get a french feel and I loved the crapes. I had their Walnut and cheese crape. It was franch, big crape with nice touch of syrup...
Slow service. Greasy nasty food, not friendly at all. Such a shame because this place could be a goldmine. I agree stay away. Only good thing was the shuttle drivers .
Since this place changed ownership the selection has narrowed, that being said the custard is still delicious and the service is good.
I love their salsa\nI love their pollo fundido\nAnd this is my favorite Valle Luna location of them all... thanks to the lake :)\n\nLove it!
Bathroom attendant doing a fine job, but this was the worst airport wifi experience I've had ... maybe ever. Huge waste of a layover.
It's a standard chain, but I'm a CPK faithful. I like the food; it combines Italian American faves and tries to do something different with it. The Kung Pao spaghetti is legit, so good!
Very fast service! Some nice rolls!! Intimate dining! Close to Mountains Edge for a fast bite!!
Celebrated my little girls birthday with 10 friends with Accent Limo! Everything smooth from booking to drop off! Drive James was as kind and courteous as they come! Absolutely would use and recommend them!
The staffs nice and the restaurant is clean and well decorated. The fish is pretty fresh but I feel like it's overpriced for what you get.
Roadhouse is joke. Seedy folk galore out front. No police? Time machine -1974 in full effect. Somehow I always walk through though. 2.5  stars.
this place was quick, fair priced and gave me a free oil change with my brakes.
This show was an amazing combination of acrobatics and comedy.  Not PG or PC but hilarious.  The personal feel and small venue makes this a must do in Vegas.
Great wrap. I would return. This will probably be my new breakfast spot I take visitors.
Thrifty does not have a rental pickup/location on-airport at CLT, although their partner brand Dollar does. I was able to return my car at the Dollar location on-airport. What gives?  Needless stress. Put up a sign, guys!
Honey Bear's is the some of the best BBQ you can find in the Valley. I enjoy getting a half chicken half pork sandwich, but you can't go wrong with any selection. Limited menu but thats because they stick to wait there good at, BBQ sandwiches.
The lasagna was not to good n meatballs where hard.  Gonna try the pizza next time. ..
love love love...this store is where to go to be dressed in the latest fashions and name brands.  Sometimes it is chaotic and picked over but by far has the best selections and really great staff.  Always good inventory.  This is a must go, on everything name brand !!!
Soooooooo good and so fresh.. Love this place!  Great homemade food with a ton of healthy, YUMMO options on their menu.  Because everything is fresh to order do NOT expect to get in and out in a heart beat..
Adobado Tacos: Enough said.
I love Starbucks, but this one has terrible parking and a small sitting room.  The parking lot has like 6 spots...and no street parking!
The burgers here are great for the price u pay. Will be returning for more
Very large thrift store, worth a look.  Definitely a lot of garbage that no one will ever buy, but there are finds if you dig around.
No CAKE POPS!  No chocolate chai mix!  Won't take my Starbucks card.  But at least it's close to the room elevators...
I've been here twice for brunch and it has been great both visits. Each time the service was friendly and very attentive. The food was tasty and they quite possibly serve one of the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had.
Hank's Original Philly Style Cheese Steak Is Delicious! The Owners are a delightful pair as well. They are warm and friendly and you could stay in there and eat forever. Be sure to check the hours because they are not open everyday (Hopefully they use those days to enjoy life a bit they deserve it).
Really nice place, their breakfast burritos are definitely not the greatest, so hit it up for dinner instead.
Not great. Food was below average
Slow, disorganized service and a very rude manager who did absolutely nothing to help the wait staff or us. This isn't the first time we've experienced this service, but it's definitely the last. The patio is nice, but there are other options in the area with better service and food.
Grace was very helpful in explaining my options.  Doug showed up on time and was clean and efficient in replacing my windshield.  I couldn't ask for better.
Love this place! I ADORE the Southern Hussy! My husband loves the magic in the ivy, both fresh and regular. Fantastic service every time too. Always friendly and on top of it!
Food is great!\n\nMust get the filet mignon with red wine mushroom sauce.\nPretty much everything is good and prices are reasonable.\n+Plus the 360 sceanic view.
I have had many physicians over the years.  Dr. Oppong-Takyi is terrific.  I like his calm, friendly manner and have full confidence in his diagnosis and treatment. It's so good to find a really good primary care physician.
I ordered the quesadilla explosion salad, but the cheese on my quesadilla was cold. A friend ordered a sandwich that was supposed to have warm bread, but since the food sat in the kitchen for so long, by the time she got it, it was cold. Very disappointed. Extremely slow service.
music hall is perfect!
2 kinds of bacon: Hormel and Oscar Meyer. No quality, water-free bacon. Better selection at Circle K. \n\nSeafood is overpriced. Walleye was frozen and should be about $6 less per pound-- even at Whole Foods.\n\nMy last time here.
Too bad but this shop has closed.  They were really good.  Now we do not have a real coffee shop.
The staff are very friendly and always so helpful
Blehh!\n\nIs that even meat in the .50 cent tacos?
Very tasty cocktails! I am a sucker for a good flavored martini and this place did not disappoint! They are a little pricey, but I always say, you get what you pay for!
Slowest and most incompetent staff of any bank I've ever been too. We have to bank here for work and there is never enough people working, drive through is always broken, no merchant window etc etc
the food is awesome... but the hostess are not nice....
The pub is great but where it really wins is the food - there's a little Italian restaurant upstairs - really reasonable and Nino and his staff really look after you. A great selection - quite basic but very tasty.
This target SUCKS I went shopping spent over 400 bucks and some of my stuff was not in the bag when I got home had to come back waited well over 15 minutes to get my stuff back a rent a cop is taking for ever to approve me getting my stuff
I'm not a big fan of buffets usually, but I do have to say that this buffet was good.  I thought it was a bit over priced. We went for breakfast, the buffet isn't that large but service was good.
I don't recommend this place at all. My friends and I ordered different menus but no one was satisfied.
Way overpriced. Paid $9 for 1/2lb ribs, no drink or sides included.
I saw one of the rudest bartender I've seen in my life. Bartender didn't shy to scream at patrons and it really bothering my drinking time with my buddy. She was making some racist comment to other customer. I wish i remembered to took her name. Establishment that hire this kind of bartender deserve a one star review.
Super endroit le service et bon les cocktails une merveille et les gold fish une merveille ;) l endroit et \u00e0 voir aussi avec des verres en pot de confiture et niveau tarif c est dans les prix je pense
Great food, good service, and an excellent laid back atmosphere. It's a perfect place to get a drink or share a meal whether it be for a night cap or a random Wednesday night outing. You can just go in, seat yourself, and ask the friendly server their beer recommendations.
Have been going there for about 3 years. I usually go there to get some cold beers. I lalways get draft Kirin Ichiban. They offer great variety of foods and desserts. Employees are very attentive and kind.
Imaginative donuts that taste AWESOME!
Great food.
Expect to pay airport or theme park prices here.  Nathan's is a quality dog, on par with Boar's Head, but this location's service is mediocre at best.  The chili dogs left me regretting I had not gone with just a plain dog with mustard.  Lesson learned.
Went here after finding out that the palazzo one was closed for the night. The burger is HUGE!!! Pretty yummy too after a night of dancing!
Only thing going for them is convenience.  Service sucks big time.  Not even a smile, \"hi\" or \"thanks\" from any of the employees.
Very average Mexican food. Felt like food just lacked seasoning. Service staff was great, hence 3 stars.
Super fast service and excellent food. Pancakes were homemade and tasted great! Will definitely return.
Great size portions...I always get the lettuce wraps. Been here prob about 5 times. Great brownies for $1.25! Love their monthly/seasonal sandwich selections.
Excellent for Gilbert.  Truly excellent.  For Gilbert.  The sweet potato fries were excellent.  The wild salmon (I should have asked from which river) was a little dry, but the seasoning was quite good.\n\nFive stars for the restrooms.
This is horrible. Got the lemon chicken. It's a patty of country fried chicken with lemon sauce. It's horrible. Took 20 minutes to get my food and the egg roll is cold.  I'm dining in. Save your money.
Ooohh such a cute place that looks fantastic but the staff is as cold and pretentious as the menu.
Lunch specials are the best. My favorite is the hot and sour soup.
Worth it only for happy hour prices. For 6 people it was only $60 and everyone got drinks and ate until we were stuffed. I really enjoyed the ground beef nachos and gilroy pizza. The pizzas are really thin and flavorful. Nice atmosphere and chill environment.
Amazing Nacho's@ 2 am
This place has a cool atmosphere and it is good for a pre-show snack but the menu is limited. The flatbread pizza is very flavorful but could have a bit more of the toppings on it. They do make an excellent lemon drop martini and the music is great, but don't plan to fill up before the show .
Long wait, good food, good beer. Nice atmosphere, bit over priced.  Service was just okay.
Love love this place! My family took me for my BD when we \nWere in town. I had the best steak & since I am unable to eat \nGluten, which our waiter picked up on I received sorbet with a candle.\nI would highly recommend del Friscos if your in Vegas!
Super good customer service. Very attentive to my needs. The wait wasn't long at all. Cost, well that's always a bummer. But it was deff needed. Will be returning.
Great atmosphere and cool people. Nice little lounge in the back and a wide selection of cigars.
Great food and excellent service. The cheese burgers are fresh on baked bread with cut fries!
Very nice, well kept, nice/respectful neighbors (young to mid age working professionals).  Love living here - I feel comfortable and safe.
Can't eat here as a family since the moved  the BBQ next to the sports book.  It's sad that we can no longer eat at this famed establishment when our children are with us!
I had the smoked meat poutine here. This is more of a cold weather dish for me or I would order it again if I haven't eaten all day. Come here if you are hungry, also, its open 24/7.
Just take a cab. We stood out in the cold for awhile waiting and then we sat on the van to fill up for at least 20 mins. We could have already checked in by now. At least it's clean I guess.
An odd mix of Mexican and Irish food, none of which is very good.  However, there are all you can drink drinks (also not very good, but containing alcohol).\n\nReally not my first choice, or second, even at the Rio.
Awesome food. Very fresh pasta. Food was upscale. he tiramisu was to die for.\n\nThe waitress was friendly and helpful.
It's sonics Sundays!!\nAlways cool to see servers with roller skates! And roller blades!!\nFelt so old!!
I cannot in good faith recommend this restaurant.   This is definitely the low end of Chinese food for Phoenix.   Normally I'd try a place more than once, but, in this case... Not going to happen.
I don't expect 5 star food or service from a place like this, but I have gotten better service and food from McDonalds. My visit included slow service from disinterested waitresses, and chewy, tough French fries and an ok burger. This place was awful.
I went to an Olympic Weight Lifting competition here recently. Facility and coaches are great. They push their athletes to reach new heights. Great to see a box representing Phoenix in the Crossfit Games!
The staff is wonderful! The physical therapists are extremely knowledgeable and very easy to talk to. Everyone there makes each visit warm, inviting, and fun. I would truly recommend this environment to anyone that has to go through physical therapy.
Fantastic everything\nauthentic music, friendly service, and delicious food.! an absolute must try, even if you dont like burritos.
I fell in love with this place after the first bite!  I love Shrimp and Seafood and wanted to try something new on a Sunday!  I am so very glad I did!
They always have really fast  service always have smiles on there faces they don't look mad at the fact they have to work.   They always don't rush me to order the food and if I make a mistake they don't get mad.  Bathrooms are always clean
The Taylor ham egg and cheese salt pepper ketchup is a must try bagel sandwich.  Very close to the original from up north. The best I've had in over 6 years.
Favorite place for breakfast
LOSER ALERT! This guy is a drunken idiot who steals property & beats on women! Just because he's a lawyer doesn't mean he can break the law & get away with it. I wouldn't be surprised if his license is revoked in the near future.
I have recently been back for Happy Hour.  And I highly recommend it. Warm sake for $2. And we tried almost every dish on the happy hour menu and liked everything. Great decor, ambience, food and service.
Very authentic food and service.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but it's better than any other coffee I have tasted.
Dined here for lunch twice in the last two months. It is super cute and the food is fantastic. Be prepared to pay a bit more and wait a little longer, it is not a sit down eat and leave quickly type of place. Definitely split a goblet with two or three people since it is $36 each.
Poor customer service at this location every time...employees have a consistent frown on their faces. They Don't even bother to put utensils for a carry out order unless you ask.
First time bringing my 2 dogs here, definately will be bringing them back.  They did a wonderful job.  This was the first place my dog was not afraid while walking in.
Worst place ever!  Sushi was horrible, too much rice, and 30 minutes in between rolls.  Terrible service, don't speak english...SUCK, they DO!
Wow! What a RUDE staff! We were the only ones at the counter and the staff ignored us. My husband then had to ask if they were still serving! RUDE RUDE RUDE!! Anyway, we got our coffee and will not return to this location. This was during the evening.
Pretty good, a little heavy on the frosting but they have interesting flavors....would consider visiting again.
Good Pho Tai!  The staff is very nice and would happy answers questions to help the novice.
They charged 120. I found out later other places do it for half that.  The glass is cracking again and they won't fix it because of some lame excuse that my phone must have warped when I dropped it. Scam. Other places offer warranties also
On a recent trip to Vegas, I tried to find eateries that were off of the strip. I wanted less touristy spots and more tasty food. Streetcar Po-poys did not disappoint. Everything was delicious and the staff was incredibly friendly.
The food is ok but the service is terrible!!!! Every single time we come in here it is so so so so slow!!! They really need to work on that! I see servers standing around talking while there is multiple tables with no food or drinks. SLOOOWWWWWW!
My food was wrong the wait staff couldn't be bothered blah food  boneless wings too breaded
Nice place but was not terribly impressed.  Our waiter recommended the short ribs which were pretty good although would not put that as the first impression piece.
Old Town Whiskey is closed.
Sushi and service here are always great, but the new sushi chef takes it over the top! Delicious rolls and really good yellowtail sashimi! I'll continue to be back here often!
Had an 11am appointment. I arrived 30 minutes early. I was not in a dentist chair until 11:45am and did not see a dentist until 12pm. If you don't value your time, this is the place for you.
WORST SERVICE IVE EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. I had to chase down waiters  to get water, menu, order and get my check. I might as well have made my own food.
Love this place for breakfast and lunch. The food is good and service is friendly. Only complaint is the cashiers have a hard time with specialty coffee drinks above your generic coffee. On the plus side, they bring you food and drinks to your table and even offer pick up your mess when you are done.
Karen did a wonderful job pet sitting our two dogs and cat. She is very intuitive with animals and our shy dog quickly felt comfortable with her. She's insured, bonded, and certified, so you can trust her in your home. We highly recommend her as a pet sitter and will definitely call her in the future.
Went thru drive thru they forgot my drink I went inside to get my drink I had to wait in line the girl at drive thru argued with Me and said She gave Me my drink like I was trying to steal a diet coke IDIOTS
Make reservations and get there early
Gave this one a shot. The flavors are great..The selection is small (not a deal breaker) but the cupcakes we're not baked the same day. It was a Sunday so hopefully it was a one time thing.. To succeed they need fresh cupcakes daily, period.. I'll give then one more chance
Very much a dive, but it's got character! Cheap beer and cheap food, helluva way to cure a hangover. These guys make okay beers and the staff is very friendly
The food is good, just way pricey!!!  Side of quac or chips pure ripoff!!  They are always busy, really don't need to over charge.....
Usually a bit pricey for me but ordered the Farmhouse salad with roasted turkey and lt. Italian dressing at $4.99. Let me tell you that is a delicious salad and under 300 cal. with light dressing; can't go wrong. A bit slow getting it but that's due to them making it fresh.
This place would be great if it was open.  Note to wendys and every other food place at the phoenix airport....tsa security opens at 3 AM so it would make sense for food to be available then instead of waiting until 5 AM.   FAIL
Pretty good food here, first time in and the food was good and fresh. It is in the same lot as Tuesday Morning so I am sure I will be back!
Friendly place. And they do a fantastic job too. My hands and feet have never looked better! Ahhh, the sea salt massage...
I urgently needed to use the restroom and employee would not let me use the restroom until I made my purchase. I am personally not used to this type of \"service\". Would not go to again.
Went last nite. Was their soft opening.\nSame excellent service. Same excellent food. Their new restraunt is a little larger than their others. Ownership knows how to do it.
Food took a long time (I think there were only 2 people working there), it did not taste very good, but worst of all, the place is completely filthy.
Today I went to get two piercing on my upper ear and it was fantastic! Damien, aka Brown Bear, did both piercings and he was so nice even though I was super nervous and did such an amazing job and it hardly even hurt! I would recommend him to anyone.
my service and experience with these people were one of a kind efficient. a man Richard helped me out and he was very keen to what he does for a living and really seemed to enjoy his job very much I will be back
Tried this place today. It was a great experieced. The good was masterfully done - delicous seafood yellow curry. \n\nThe place is really inviting and clean. The service was fast and courteous. I will definitely comeback for more.
They had the best Chef and I just found out they let him go.... Wont be going there...
Order online! This place is always busy and I was happy to walk in sign my receipt and go back home. Everything was made correctly and had great flavor.....this will def be a new quick fix to dinner when I dont' feel like cooking.
Friendly shuttle guy. Adequate workout equipment in the fitness center (if you can find it). Strange spaghetti like splashes on all the walls. Unimpressive shower/tub size. \n\nPlease, whatever you do, do not eat in the hotel restaurant. Just don't.
My boyfriend loves orange and brew. Personally I think it is rather hit or miss.
Edwin the \"Operations Manager\" is extremely rude and unhelpful. Budget just lost another long time customer over a very small, fixable issue. Budget should replace him immediately, or they will continue to loose more customers.
We went here to get some needed art supplies.  This store has a much larger selection than other Michael's with multiple price points for an item.       I also got a clearance orange butterfly hair/clothes clip for fall/halloween by happenstance.   This store could be hours of fun searching for stuff depending....
Really good food and excellent service. I have been to a few places like this but never had meat come so quickly. Would have been 5 stars if they had more unique meats. Salad bar looked okay, but I never actually ate them. The garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas that the brought as sides were amazing!
I love this place! \n\nI have found some great mid century lamps, clocks, tables and other stuff that I have proudly displayed in our house. \n\nThe prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly.
This place is good for pizza or pricey salads. The salads are really tasty though. Just don't order the stuffed pizza they are all cheese and very heavy and gross.
Sandwich Heaven! Believe the hype. This place is fantastic.\nGets packed at Lunch, but worth the wait. I always get the Super Sicilian. Y U M M Y!
lots of cute clothes!\n\nit would get 5 stars if service was easier to find on the floor and if the dressing rooms were cleaner.
Fine
They've remodeled the inside of the restaurant and it looks great! The beer is great and the service really good. The food is overpriced. It's good food, but not worth the $$. I'd prefer to grab a beer here and eat somewhere else uptown for the money.
Lunch specials are cheap and okay for the price. Anything else is overpriced and pretty awful. Example, the udon there is super oily for no reason. It's more a bad Chinese take on Japanese food than anything.
i am so pissed at my friends, they always recommended this place but they didn't tell me they pretty much serve nothing but bomb ass homemade hot pockets. Amazing beer selection, kind of dark inside but I like it that way. Got the Shepard's Pie Pasty, it was absolutely amazing, especially with their red wine gravy.
We found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed. There was a short wait, but the restaurant does an excellent job of getting customers in and out quickly. The service was friendly and fast. We really enjoyed the food; excellent value!
So I walked this bridge many times on my way back and fourth from the Pirates game. The Bridge is closed during Pirate games, but has a safe walking area even when cars are allowed on.  The bridge has beautiful views and on one end a guy selling $1 waters and Pirate Swag.
We've passed this restaurant multiple times & finally stopped! We're glad we did.\nThe service was great, prices reasonable & the home fries outstanding! I had an omelet, hubby the breakfast sandwich & we enjoyed it all!
Great dinner. Good service.
Ein freundlicher, zuvorkommender Service serviert reichliche Portionen zu kleinen Preisen in angenehmer Atmosph\u00e4re.
Bleh, cold egg sandwich for breakfast?  Whose idea was this, to make a COLD egg breakfast sandwich?\n\nAnyway, seems like a bunch of kids run this place.  Was rather clean though, with decent parking, but man that breakfast is lame.
If you ask them not to put something in your sushi roll because you don't like it, don't worry they'll put it in there anyway. Also if you order to go THEY CHARGE YOU FOR THE BOX. I've been here many times and they can be unprofessional.
Pretty decent sushi. However, I much prefer the Sushi Mon in Henderson. For some reason, the food tasted fresher. However, good place to enjoy an all-you-can-eat sushi place. Again, they include a lot of appetizers on the AYCE menu. Yay!
If you are less than 10 miles of Airport (and not on the strip) they will keep promising and no one will show up. \nHorrible service.
This place is new, so not alot of customers yet. The food is great, and they have awesome prices... this place will be in frequent rotation for sure :)\nIt is very clean too.
One of my absolute favorites ........ yummy!
In Vegas for 3 days, ate here twice and took 2 home! The Capistrami is outstanding! We also had  the Slaw Be Jo I think it was called? The meat was a bit dry, but the Capistrami and the service made up for it!!!
Coconut shrimp are awesome, scallop potatoes great. Steaks are great too. Salads too! Large portions. Great ambiance, like a classy mountain lodge. Great staff. I was impressed, all of the food coming out of the open grill kitchen looked awesome!
very authentic but thats about it badly poured guinness and awful bangers and mash bartender was friendly but dont think ill be returning
The restaurant was nice but the  food was nothing special ...every disappointed we were a big group ...service was excellent but we'll not go back
This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Us Service Dogs love hamburgers, especially when they are so tasty and juicy as they are in this place. Also have outside tables and are pet friendly!
Worst customer service. They are so rude!  I go there because it is right down the street from my work. The cashiers are not friendly, the staff is not helpful and if you go there within 30 minutes of closing,  they are even more rude. If possible.
Good beer and I like the concept.  The space is a bit 'cold'.  Not in temperature but just needs some wearing-in.  Was surprisingly empty on a Friday night.  \n\nI like it but it needs more energy.  Music was great.
The smoothies are amazing! The service was ok because there was some \"juicy\" gossip going on between the two co-workers regarding a customer and I felt that it was incredibly unproffesional.
Very spacious, close to the medical center...  Nice place and lots of room to sit outside and enjoy the weather...!
I had a shrimp burrito and it was very tasty. I loved the garlic cheese stuff they put on top and my friend loved his red chilli burrito. Staff was very friendly
Worst Albertsons I have been to in this entire town.\n\nNothing really else to say.
Costa Vida has great food. Their sweet pork salads are my favorite. I do think some of their items are a little pricey but overall we keep going back for more. Great lunch or dinner spot!
The overall spa experience was excellent.  The facilities were standard from what I've experienced from other high-end spas.  However, I had an extremely disturbing experience from their greeter, Trudy.  She needs to be retrained on customer service skills especially for an establishment that boasts a high-end clientele.
As for the major supermarket chains, von's is probably the most expensive.  But I will pay the price when it come to the fruit and veggies.  These products seem to be for better then other stores.  I come here for the ease that is is on the way home.
The best sandwiches.  Love the medium fat smoked meat on rye, delicious!  My sister lives in Montreal and brings me a sandwich when she flies home, unbeatable!
Their steak is a joke.  It couldn't have been more than 3oz.  for 49$.  If you are looking for a nice steak dinner go elsewhere or be prepared to go to dinner somewhere afterwords which is where I am going now.
One of my favorite spots on the strip for lunch. Service is excellent and when the weather is nice the patio is a great spot.
Took my grandmother there for brunch while she was in town. It was a bit busy but overall the service was good. I had this pumpkin spice pancake with cinnamon apples on top that was out of this world!
Like the usual Burger King joint, this is pretty much a normal one. Good food and service was fine. No special stuff to point out from this place.
Horrible service. Drinks took way too long(they weren't busy) . Our server would only ask what one person in our small party (7) needed. And didn't pay attention to the females in the group. Won't be back
Paid $18.00 for bulgogi and they gave us literally 3 pieces. Ridiculous. Took 10 minutes to flag down a waitress to get the check. Never again.
What can you say. All you can eat pizza buffett for under 6 dollars.  They do have the most excellent buffalo chicken pizza. It brings to mind the joke. Sex is like pizza, when its good its great. When its bad its still pretty good.
I would give this store no stars if I could. Sales representatives do not even acknowledge your existence when you walk in. They are incompetent with the technology and simply direct you to Apple, the customer service number or literally any resource they can to avoid giving any sort of effort.
Ordered a rice/vegetable dish and it was pretty much all onions and barely any veggies. My boyfriend got sick from the sushi he had. Won't go back.
2 things to order- Jakarta fried rice and hot and spicy chicken.
Good service and nice resturant but not good food.
I got the pizza and it was very dissapointing, soggy and tasted strangely. I will have to go back and try something else.\n\nThe service was great and prices reasonable. I like the fact that they have the outside area. In the inside it feels cozy.
I'm a big fan of the chicken salad rolls. This place is clean, the staff is attentive and I got my food fairly quickly. I'm a big fan of Pei Wei and this locations meets my expectations.
Really nice area to relax and chill. I am really disappointed with the airline. With all there extra cost and ect.. So I don't think I will be traveling with them again anytime soon. But this was one of the nicest party of flying with them.
Excellent food, awesome prices. So happy to find it! The Southwest Burrito was delicious, and only 4.50! They had a nice mix of breakfast (served all day), and lunch items like salads and sandwiches.
First time eating here today, food was great, service was very quick. Lunch portions for price was great!
These folks usually have everything I need for crafts or art. They often have good sales too. Today when i went a bunch of $1 sand buckets fell on my head,  but that was an anomaly.
Awesome Bar!  I will be back these guys are super KUHL! Their service is even better than their looks--- and that's tough to do!!!  Note*  San Francisco 49er Fans!  I approve this message J K KUHL..
The food was delicious.  They had just rolled out a new menu and it was spot on. The drinks affordable, and the saki warm and comforting. To top it all off Shannon was one of the best waitresses I've had in a long time.
Really delicious home-made tasting Italian food. The garlic bread is amazing. Wine is pretty good too.
They quoted me  $549 to replace the display on a macbook pro laptop,  15\" 2009 model with a known defect. The screen is separating from the metallic shell but the screen itself is not broken. I think that is absurd for a repair, since a brand new computer starts at $800. Never going back to apple.
Bad food bad service and bad management, makes this place a dump. Stay away. Unless you like all three of these types of things??? Thumbs down.
Poor service and lousy wait time. Given the time frame of 30-45 and have waited over an hour to continually be told just another 5 minutes. Excited to see the new location so close to home but truly disappointed by the service provided
Small menu but usually very good (have mostly had the pizzas or roast beef sandwich)..nice in the summer when the doors are open. Brunch is even better. Get the corn bread.
the deli meats seemed slimy and the bread still doesn't wow me on my 2nd and 3rd visits.
Great prompt service, good food. We have been here several times and are always pleased with them.
Have dined there many times. Best chicken piccata around. But got bad Salmon on Sat. night ended up with food poisoning,tasted OK but very sick later. Will avoid the salmon at all cost.
Stopped in here for a quick beer.  Didn't have a chance to try their food, but it smelled and looked amazing.  I'll have to give it a shot next time.  Bartenders were very attentive  even though they were packed.  Great looking outdoor patio too.
This place is great. The food is made fresh, very friendly staff, and great pricing! It's always busy here so prepare to wait in line. It's worth the wait. Enjoy and help support a local business!!!
Great place to come with family or friends.  All the staff is friendly and fun to talk to.  You dont feel pressure and overwhelm like most place.
Not quite sure why this is one of the hotter clubs in Vegas.  They are very disorganized here, often with the left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing.  You can pay thousands here, and get very rude (and perhaps more importantly, confused) service.  Would not recommend this place for a bachelors party.
It's really good!!! \nEverything taste so fresh. People here are very kind. Definitely worth it!!!
On the fence on this one.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  Actually impressed me as mostly middle of the road.\n\nThe above being said, for the price I would go elsewhere where I know I'd be a little more pleased with the price to quality/experience ratio.
This place was horrible.  Check the food administration website for health code violations before you go.  I thought I should have made a 360 right out of there when I saw the plastic floating fish.  Disgusting food and poor excuse for Thai food.
Terrible service! Terrible food! If I could have done 0 stars I would have! Never coming back here again.
Worst worst worst airline , We should have check yelp first before booking. So pissed off to even write a review , just read all the review , 100% all true.. I gave One star for the pilots for a very smooth flying ... \nVery very rude Ground Stewardess at Okland ..
Haven't eaten here in over a decade but was hella impressed with the eggs benedict sandwhich. Wait was a little long.
I've been taking my dog there for the last two years. She's always come out looking amazing. Staff have always been pleasant and professional. $30 for grooming (hair, nails and shampoo) and worth every penny. I trust them to keep bringing my dog back.
I have to give this place five stars coffee is great service is great and there always right on top of everything. Would I recommend it to friends and family of course next time your at the red rock stop by and experience the same.
Salty lady working here!  I can't give an honest review of the selection because I was very rudely told not to go inside as they weren't \"open\" yet.  However, the doors were wide open and it was 11:30 am.  Maybe they just open when they feel like it?  I won't be back!
Price was pretty high for a burger, fries and a drink. $8.00 and some change. The burger was good but I'm a big guy, thinking this is a snack for me. I can't see a family of 4 going there for less then $25.00 for lunch.
Love how affordable this place is. Friendly environment. Good customer service. The only downside is that they may be a bit rough on your nails if you're getting a full set done, which is why I'm only giving a four star rating. But overall, this place is great!
Boones is amazing!  The best Barbecue I've had in Charlotte so far!  I think I've tried just about everything they have to offer and always pleased!  My fave thing to get has to be the wings,  dry-rubbed!
Great homemade pretzels and bread. Friendly staff. Everything is labeled in German so if you can't read German be prepared to ask questions. Definitely try the pierogies (shipped in from Chicago)
The food is good! \n\nThe big problem here is you may need to park next door or across the street because Donatos delivery drivers take up the parking spots. \n\nSo don't go if the weather is bad!!!!!
What can I say...I had an amazing massage!  I have my adjustments with Dr. Infantino and then head in for a massage.  Does it get any better than that?  It is a great facility and the staff is more than friendly and accommodating.
Great Place. Real causual and relaxed. All of their food is great. Honestly one of the best itallian joints in Arizona!!\n\nAlso some great seafood/italian dishes that are hard to find anywhere else!!
My friend and i only went to the restaurant, not the club because it was a Monday night. I do have to say that this was the best meal I think I have ever had; just absolutely amazing!!! I wish there was a LAVO where I lived. Our server and other helpers were incredibly nice as well.
A huge amount of food for a relatively cheap price. But the tenders we had were on the dry side. I'll have to give this place another try and see if they redeem themselves. If it's good enough for chumlee, it's good enough for me
not bad but not good when u think of vegas.  lack of almost everything from service to poor menu and etc etc.  food was just ok and new york new york has gotten very dumpy.
Best bagel and iced coffee I've had! love the location and atmosphere. Overall very good!
Love, love, love Ernie's! The only thing I don't like is one of the karaoke djs who is an absolute jerk! Otherwise I like this place for karaoke!
Great place, lots of eye candy, had a really fun time there!
This is a very entertaining show, the tricks are very good and some leave you amazed at how they do them. Some tricks they even show you how they did it after they are completed. Also a really cool thing they do is go out in the hallway after the show and sign autographs and take pictures with everyone.
NO SERVICE, Waited over an hour, ask for assistance several times, walked out and two other tables next to us also followed us out ..
Went for birthday dinner for five people, super busy Friday night around 7:30 pm. Service was outstanding and tried a plethora of dishes, all were spot on.
This show was awesome!  We got third row seats so we had an amazing view.  The fat ladies are hilarious, and the tranny actually looked somewhat like a lady.  The redhead is so incredibly hot.  The acrobats were great and the girls diving into the shallow pool was amazing.  Well done!
\"Oh you fancy huh! Oh you fancy huh!\"\n\nLas Vegas you so crazzzay!!! See you again soon!
Pizza was good, a little pricy for pizza. Hubby was disappointed they don't serve beer, or coffee. Decent service just wasn`t expecting to spend $100+ on wings and 2 pizzas.
I admittedly just ate a bowl of rice and two eggs here but by golly was it the best bowl of rice and eggs I've ever had!
So glad we found this spot. Really good food and drinks. Coming back tonight for the live Latin music.
On of the best meals I have ever had. The duck fat fries and foie gras were delicious!
Anyone that went to school here knows what this place is about.  The beer, the music, the atmosphere, the chairs, the movie nights, the fireworks, etc...\n\nOf everywhere I've been to, this is one spot that truly holds a place in my heart.
Horrible experience, expensive and not worth the wait. \nI have had better breakfast at Denny's \nGo to hash house instead
I would not suggest going to this place. They do not pay their vendors! They expect payment after you eat~but refuse to pay there bills!
Suffice it to say, this is not real Italian food and it's below average and overpriced when it comes to American-Italian food. The staff was excellent though and you will have great service and conversation. Thanks but probably won't be back.
Excellent, original, and very fresh tasting. Everyone in our four person party enjoyed their meal and we each had something different. Probably the most original tasting hamburgers I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Not your standard fare by any means, but a wnderful fusion of asian flavors and the good old fashioned hamburger.
Just so so for the price.
Its good for buffet standards.  This was comped because i lost a lot of money in slots. Speaking of the slots in the Wynn are very very rough dont be a fool like me and dump in 2 months of rent money...
They have a new phone number (702)997-4499. Excellent Pizza!!!
Worst food I've ever had...so bad I spit out the first bite and threw away an ENTIRE sandwich and fries. Meat tasted like plastic. I hope this place gets shut down.
Came here for my bday last year with 10 girls. We booked the suite with two bedroom, a full living room/kitchen. It was one of my favorite trip to LV thus far, it was spacious and the hotel itself was very modern, young and hip. Will come back again to stay.
A typical airport fare.  $12.98 for a beer and a shot.
This is an adorable store. If you are like me and you love paper, journals, knick knacks, cards etc.. this place will entice you. I can spend way too much time and money here. A great gift store and perfect for finding inspiration...
dunkin donuts = best friend & boyfriend
Solid breakfast place.\nI had the steak and eggs, because... well, Las Vegas.\nThe eggs were very nicely cooked. The pancakes were tasty.
Fukuburger had the longest line and wait at this month's StrEATS. After a half-hour we finally had a Karai Burger in hand. It was tender and it had good flavor, but I really expected it to be more spicy. It had more of a sweet heat.
For the prices and reputation, not impressed. Our food was tasty but not amazing. Nothing was hot, as they put the food to sit and wait on a marble countertop which cools the food way more than a different surface would such as wood. Won't return.
Great $12 lunch to go! If you press it really tight, you can get 2 portions lunch :)
Went there because of reviews on yelp. Followed thru with the suggestion on what to order. The hero. Bring your appetite. Sandwich to large for 1 person. I finished the whole thing. I'm not that big of eater. Recommended.
This was a Fantastic lunch experience.  Recommended by a local friend and he did not let us down.  We arrived early for lunch, but by Noon the place was packed.\n\nGreat BBQ, lots of choices, and the fried green tomatoes were excellent.
Gave it 3 stars because the food is GREAT...but the service leaves MUCH to be desires...simply horrible service. :-/
The quality of the food was very good.  This is more of a take out restaurant than a sit down.
Very friendly and helpful staff. The ease of getting into this location can be a bit difficult. Due to the shape of the property and the flow of traffic they have blocked off the parking area from the drive through area. On a busy day it makes it a little more difficult to get your deposits ready.
I've been to better. The best part are the crab legs. Other than that, its like any other buffet. A little pricey to be like any other buffet. For the price, go to wicked spoons at cosmo.
Fantastic atmosphere and even better food. The Beef Wellington was outstanding. Also do not discount the Fish & Chips......Unbelievable.!!!!\nMatthew was a very knowledgable and attentive waiter
Not bad, cheap food and cheap drinks, will go again. simple as that
Got a Groupon, but this place just jacks up their prices so its not really a deal. Meat was discolored in the case? Fresh? I think not.
Lousy steak.  Greasy potatoes.  Good drink.
Arrogant \"customer service.\"  Monthly billing is via an outside company, which is intended to earn them more $$ by complicating the cancellation process.  Each party, coincidentally, blames the other for not receiving proper \"notices,\" etc.  Either make money the honest way or not at all.
Sucks sucks sucks... It's open 24 hours and the dude was sleeping...boooooooo....sucks
Pretty good Crepes.\nI had Black Forest Crepes, which is Chocolate crepe topped with raspberries.\nThey now have Liege waffle. Not bad but can't beat Waffalonia's.
I really enjoyed my meal at Ondine (although they didn't have what I wanted off the menu).  I was with work colleagues and the atmosphere was probably louder than usual because of us.\n\nQuite pricey, but worth going to if you want somewhere a little bit special.
I feel like sometimes the saucer is over rated but maybe that's because sometimes I just want a Miller Lite
Student focused pub...\nBeer garden for the summer...\nLots of drink specials.
Typical chain mexican......the salsa wasn't bad.  I had a fish taco and tortilla soup.  The fish taco tortilla was americanized as was the filling.  The tortilla soup definitely was pre-prepared.
Average at best.  They make some OK rolls but they're a little on the expensive side.  They will make substitutions on their lunch menu which is nice, but nothing is too exciting or great.  Nothing is bad, but nothing is great.  That's it.
Never coming back here at circus circus. We booked a king size bed room for 3 nights a few days before we came here. When we checked in, Vanessa said no more king size bed room for us. Is this the way you do business?
garbage!!!!! people, parking, & stores!!!!!!!!!! lol, avoid it @ all costs!!!!!!!!!!
We always have issues checking in here. They always give some excuse as to why we can't get the room we booked. I'm over this place comped rooms or not. Not coming back here.
Love this gym! Danny & Eric are awesome for kickboxing classes. Use lots of muscles I never knew I had. Toned, healthier and happier! Thanks UFC Gym. Def there at least 3x week plus cab always use gym facilities.
Always really good food and service and the price is pretty good for the amount of food you get. Family owned and operated. Have never had a bad experience ordering take out.
Loved this show! It was cute, fun, and sexy! Claire Sinclair is ever so gorgeous! Great singing and dancing and very classy. Love the feel of the inside with the tables and cocktails going around. Would recommend it!
Food has gone downhill since early this summer, I will not be going back any time soon.
Best chicken and waffles I have ever had. The waffle melts in your mouth and the chicken is fried to perfection. Even the soups are tasty. The service makes me feel like I belong and I'm part of the family. So good and cheap pricing. Will be returning soon.
Great group of people who seem to genuinely want to help and not just get through all the appointments. They take care of both our dogs Bradock and Malea and we are very appreciative of all their help.
Clean and convenient public restroom on the strip, you don't have to walk through 9 miles of mall or casino to find it.  Just sayin', keep it in mind...
Friendly relaxed atmosphere. Beer selection is very good. Large local and international selection. We ordered Crepes from next door and had them delivered while we relaxed over beer and cider.
I love this place. The atmosphere is awesome, service is great - every person really friendly and helpful. My favorite dishes  are the chop chop salad and pork fried rice. The bartenders will make you a special cocktail if you give them a basic flavor profile, which is a great way to try a new drink or two.
This place was suprisingly pretty good, they had dim sum and other  typical chinese plates. The Thai Iced tea was pretty bomb too!!!  A pretty good experience, not off the charts, but if I'm at the Bellagio again I wouldn't mind going here.
Out of this world- Huge- Yummy Burritos!  \n***  2 for 1 Burritos on Sundays!***  The price is already great-- this is a steal!
wrote back to Chris and never heard from him, so much for that.
The rooms are small & not very pretty, but the beds are extra comfy & the room is very clean. Located just outside the are of Old Montreal & a few blocks from Jazz Fest it is far enough away to be cheap, but very accessible.  The parking lot is only a block away & the complementary breakfast means I will absolutely stay here again.
This location is dirty and run down.  I felt unsafe in the parking lot.  The shopping carts are in bad condition.   The checkout lines are always long with maybe 3-4 registers open at a time.  The last time I was there it was so bad I abandoned my cart and left the store.
Place sucks. 80% of there dryers are out of order. The employees are either walking around with no shoes on or have family around. Very dirty place.
Tasty brews if you don't mind a crowd and waiting for your second beer for an hour.  Service is awful but somehow I keep coming back for the beer.  The rotating selection means you can always try something new.  The Thai chicken pizza is good if you ask for light sauce.
Cold tater tots. Kids grilled cheese was inedible, full of burnt black pieces. Burgers were over cooked & very dry. Disappointing experience. Won't be back.
Normal buffet....\nNothing special except the dessert.\nI think i expected too much.\nGreat service but it didnt worth the price.
Showed up at Excalibur to find trash in the room, burn marks on the furniture in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor, and mold growing in the bathroom. Called housekeeping about the mold, expecting it to be gone by the next round of housekeeping--nothing was done. Unacceptable.
Best fast mexican food ever. High quality, great taste, decent prices, nice crew. Note, the medium sauce on the enchiladas is a tad bit sweet, I go for the hot sauce which isnt very hot.
Geht gar nicht! Schnitzel und K\u00e4sep\u00e4tzle so zuzubereiten ist \u00fcbel.
The food was pretty damn good and the portions enormous. I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and the chicken was fried perfectly and the sauce was very creative and was a combination I never had.
Stayed at the Hampton Inn - Uptown. Came in from California. It was .47 mi to the Greenway and then a beautiful run for 4.7 mi. Great run! Would recommend to anyone.
My family and I absolutely love Mexican food and this is a great spot we've been coming to for years! The margaritas are very delicious and the food is quite traditional!The staff is very attentive and I look forward to coming back very soon!
Typical fast service and regular products but the place is of all 7-11.  Not the cleanest place though.  Only reason for the low rating is they don't seem to understand what your asking for and the place is dirty
Staff is really nice. Rooms are adequate. The pool is really large and has waterfalls...and was clean when I was there. I didn't have to wait for anything. Lazy river was neat. The restaurants on site are spendy...but tasty. Great for pool fun w kids.
The best nachos in Vegas. Ask for extra pico de gallo and be sure and use their red hot sauce LIBERALLY!
I like what they did with the place.  I think the moonshine cocktails are pretty silly since if you buy it in a store, it's not really moonshine...\n\nBut the bowling it good!
Used to eat here more - went last a month ago or so - with the revamp they are doing in Harrah's the normal breakfast/lunch/dinner restaurant is being remodeled and KGB is the overflow. Very slow service, incorrect orders - will not be back.
Food is Ohk. Price is very expensive than any Indian restaurant probably in whole NC. Hospitality is veryyyyy poor, therz one old guy at the counter, he doesn't know how to behave with customers.
Staff is always nice, food is always hot and cooked well.
Gotta say these ate the best wings ever, the lemon pepper are our favorite. They seem to have raised the prices our check was a bit heavy for what we ordered, but you get what you pay for and these ate killer wings.
Not much to say, it's pretty good NY style pizza.  The slices aren't as outrageously big as Tonys so one of those and a garden salad is a pretty good dinner.  The garlic bread is a bit odd though, pretty much a toasted sub roll.
I love their korean bbq chicken, but can only give it 3 stars because of the constant gristle I discover.
Not the best service in town!!
I had a huge corn beef sandwich.  Meat was lean but on the dry side. Our waiter was great and offered to bring us more rye bread to accommodate the over abundance of meat!  Yummy pickles.
The Clerks at this location, need a total upgrade with respect to their happiness level.  They have the lowest energy and attitudes that i have ever seen.
Super Busy Airport. Every gate is packed. Food lines are off the hook. SFO is huge and I have never seen so many long lines. Need some expansion.
This is a nice place to come and see the monarch butterfly exhibit and learn about the various types of desert plants and how they survive and acclimate to the desert. Also did insect inspection camp which was fun for the kids. Great teacher to student ratio for the camp.
For a simple egg breakfast, it was pretty decent! I would go there and order it again!
Location/venue is beautiful. It has great history and is fun to explore. The bar is \"eh\" and the food really didn't match the atmosphere. They let their atmosphere carry their so-so restaurant & bar.
A good place to grab a drink! I've only been here once, and it was quite a while ago but I had a great time in their upstairs billiards and darts area
Very disappointing. I was expecting a lot better from a Jose Andres restaurant. It was very hit and miss. Some things were excellent and some were really bad. With all the choices in Vegas, I would not return.
This place is terrible, they opened a crappy cafe, everything tastes of cardboard.  The bathrooms are completely disgusting. The employees are lazy and rude, especially curly haired older guy.  Avoid this place like the plague
I have been a customer since 1995 and I cannot imagine going to any other auto repair shop in the Valley!  The mechanics have kept three of my vehicles running.  Honest, professional, friendly.   That's Whitey's to me.
Waited 40 minutes to have my oil changed only to be told their bays were full and it would be at least another 30 minutes.  They knew it would be an hour when I first dropped it off. Now they lost my business and will never go back. Next time be honest to your customers. Shady
Great interactions, very friendly workers and customers (most of the time). Don't waste your time on the wifi though, it's horrible!
Food is amazing \nThey need a new location in a better area and cleaner place
This is a great show for the money!!! There is a little something for everyone here and its totally entertaining for all. The price wasn't that bad and there isn't really a bad seat in the house. I would suggest buying your drink before you go into the venue because they are cheaper outside.
The restaurant so nice, They have authentic Thai food from big chef, They have karaoke at night for party or hang out  with friends, Try yum sam krob & noodle soup it so good  !!!
Very minimal selection. Small seating area. Not many bikes either - mainly Felt. If you want coffee go to a real coffeehouse. If you want bikes go to a bike house.
Just getting back on a bike after many, many years. Great to have a bike shop that takes the time to answer questions and give advice because they want you to do it right. Did not buy my bike from them but they treated me as if I had. Great service and rider support.
I absolutely LOVE Dr Moss. She is very knowledgable and makes you feel comfortable. She helped me through my first pregnancy in 2011. Her staff was very understanding and helpful even though I would be calling everyday for questions. I only wish she was still an OB so I can go through my 2nd pregnancy with her.
Food great, service great, but the restaurant was filthy. Workers standing around talking while every table was dirty, floor and soda counter disgusting. I was there 45 minutes and no one made a move to clean anything.
This place normally has great food but I ordered the Chicken breast pita melt and it was disgusting. After I took one bite of it I felt like throwing up. I will order other items from them but never a Chicken pita Melt again.
Great spot, but the University Dr. address is misleading as the front door faces Ash and it is not visible from University.
Great smoothies and customer service!! The cookies and cream cheesecake was healthy and tasted good! Definitely would recommend going for a healthy smoothie
What is not to love about this store.  Great finds if you are willing to dig.  I just hate the lines you have to wait in to check out.
Conceptually I enjoy these serve yourself spots.  It was a better value than Red Mango.  However, the texture was inferior.  It was too icy & grainy.  The flavor was ok.  Once again, I go running back to Red Mango...
They should name the name from the Marvel Experience to the Awful Experience.  How can a company that makes such good movies associate with this rip off?  My kids were frightened.  I really need to look into this and see if anyone who runs this company has experience at this.  I heard Magic Johnson was involved?
Your typical Olive Garden, except when they screwed up our order, not only did they let us keep our food, plus replaced the entire order with the correct meals, they also gave us a $20 gift card. That's pretty darn good for an Olive Garden!! :)
M&m world is amazing usually my first stop every time I come to Vegas great souvenirs and they even have a free 3D movie that's great too you can even write on your M&M's!
Food sucks. Chips stale. Shrimp taco unetable. Frys were good. If you want to eat don't come here. They have a bar and tons of tvs with sports on them if u only want to drink and watch a game
resort? not really, this an old hotel with very thin walls. rooms are outdated. this was my first and last stay at this place.
Very good spot clean and friendly staff 2 other location one in aliante and another on rainbow, always get there turkey cheese or veggie wrap for breakfast always good and fast service.
This is the best of the Subways in the area. Staff is courteous, rather than robotically polite, and they give some care to the construction of a sandwich. This restaurant is also cleaner than the nearby ones.
Food was good. Had all you can eat sushi was worth the $24.99 prices of thing that we were disappointed with was the rice was soggy. Too much water when they cooked it's but everything else it was good . Ambience was awesome . Service was awesome. Would definitely go back again
This is our go-to SouthSide bar. Wings are great, burgers are excellent. Service is incredible - Jim, Erin, Kelly, Josh... All amazing people! The 2nd floor has held a bunch of our football drafts and we've rented for parties too. We love the BBT!
The food was. . .ok, could have used a little more seasoning. This place is also pretty pricey but that's what comes along with eating seafood on the Strip ($18 for a lobster BLT). The staff is really nice though!
Iceberg lettuce!  Iceberg lettuce!  Really!?  They need to consider upgrading to finer vegetation.  And to make the sandwich worse, the tuna fish was swimming in mayonnaise.  WTF is this $hit?
the food is awful, the service is awful.  they do not wear gloves, the hot coffee is cold,\nthe chicken is not cooked all the way, the desserts are awful.\n\nno good service.  do not go here on the weekends, you will not get good service or food.
This was my first time eating Neapolitan pizza, and it won't be the last. It was delicious; my girlfriend and I both enjoyed it. Also, I highly recommend the chocolate pizza for dessert.
Food and atmosphere is great! The owner is fun if you get to meet her. I love the fact that you can BYOB thus saving a ton of money on drinks.  I have had less expensive Pho though but the Pho here is great!
I never get food here, I always just get drinks. Never had a problem with service or waits. Can't comment on food though.
Another local's special place to go. Food is excellent, service is pretty good and the prices are really reasonable for being in a casino. We have been there many times. It is also close to the strip so a great place to stop before a show or concert for some good food at a reasonable price.
Really friendly/ good service from staff. Has a mini Indian food store. The restaurant side was clean, and trying out 2 dishes it's good. I've had better but I've also had many worse.
Service was friendly but REALLY slow, as always.  We came 4 their Valentine's special but they ran out of bottles of Chardonnay.  Wat kind of bar manager lets his bar run out of Chardonnay on Valentines Day?
Just left had my  money returned. Awful tasteless. cat fish , greens and peas. Dissapointed no soul in that food. Greasy fried way to hard. Service was indifferent and order was incorrect. Left as I arrived ,hungry.
This is one of those places that you must try at least one time. It is a fun experience and the meat its regularly pretty good. Especially the cut they call maga\u00f1a\nDo not come on a holiday, they do not maintain the same level of service and food quality.
Need a sensationalized story? Want a sarcastic look at the news? Want the sometimes decent stories to be overwhelmed by the massive amount of porn ads?\n\nRead New Times!\n\nThis is a tabloid, plain and simple. Anyone who says anything else is lying to you.
Great place for a simple yummy breakfast. Good service.
Frosty beer and cute girls but service is horrible! Sat for 15 minutes or so before getting any kind of service. Once I got service it took an additional 10 minutes or so before I got my beer. Food is decent but took forever.
Don't let the long line turn you off; it is totally worth the wait. Delicious BBQ, great beer selection, excellent service, and a fun, lively atmosphere. You can't go wrong.
Delivery took an hour and 40 minutes tonight.  I guess that's what happens when you include tip on the front end.
Okay hotel, nothing remarkable about this hotel. It is obviously thematic, and if you're in for cheesy victorian decor, you'll love it. The room was clean, service was average. Again, nothing remarkable.
The staff could have been friendlier.  We were greeted by \"What do you want?\"  The food was O.K.  We ate there and everything was in Styrofoam.   I was expecting some plates.  The price wasn't bad. I will give it another try.
EXPENSSIVE FOR NOTHING! You have to realy wanna blow some $$ to be seet that you blow some $$$.\n\nMen $20 Women $10 to get in. To \"rent\" a seat MINIMUM in food and drinks $100/chair!
I loved my experience today with Amy ! She made my hair so awesome and healthy with good products :) also front desk was sweet
Went there on a whim after dinner with my favorite 8 year old.  The taste of the frozen yogurt was better than Yogurtland, which I totally love that place.  The place was not too busy and the staff was super friendly.  Would absolutely return!
Wendy's in general is getting good at their customer service and the speed of their cooking. My food came out in less than a minute, and an employee even came around asking if we wanted any refill. Wendy's has definitely found a good strategy to win customers again and again.
I loved my experience here! I called in on a Friday afternoon to see if they accepted walk-ins and sure enough they did. I got a gel manicure (for $35 with a mini design) and  it came out great! I think I will definitely come here regularly!
Great Starbucks coffee.  Enjoyed the worship team.    Pastor kept my attentions with his style.  Enjoyed the message.   Reminds me of other Mega church styles, including Elevation in Charlotte. Central, in Vegas and Saddleback Church, in Southern CA,
Good spicy Thai food buffet
Great rotating taps, and good pricing for happy hour.  The wings and bruschetta are the best options for food.  Staff has changed up a bit in the past year and not as personable as before.  A great spot in City North!
Good service and good food! I ordered the burger sliders for lunch without the 1000 island dressing and loved them! A quick little meal for those on the go! The attendant even offered me a nice tall glass of ice water to go while I was waiting.
Never stay here!  The resort is very nice, the staff is very nice, but it is in the middle of nowhere!  I have been here three times and have never waited less than 30 minutes for a taxi.  Never again!
$1 sushi pieces. $1 beers on Tues. Wrap scallop with bacon and wrap asparagus with beef are awesome. Good sushi place for a quick sushi fix. I have tried some of their sushi rolls and dishes. Not a fan. Best ponzu sauce.
We had a wait but hanging at the bar made up for it.  The pizza was tasty, although it didn't hold it's shape.  Loved the decor and vibe will definitely go again.
Not bad. Better than most buffets.
Pretty simple to describe amazing beer selection and possibly the worst service in the bar industry of all of Las Vegas. If there beer list ever falls off they will as well. Cheers!
Place was bomb, second time here. I ordered the machaca and can't complain about anything. All the staff was super friendly!
Terrible service, waited 10 - 15 minutes for someone to show up at pharmacy and she was the most disgusting, nasty and inhospitable person I have ever encountered in my life.  Also bums hanging out at front door asking for money and when you do not give them money they curse at you, what a disgusting, nasty, awful place!
Here again and had a great steak &lobster dinner. The sides are fresh and full of flavors. Had pea soup and Yukon mashed taters. Plenty of wait staff with fast and friendly service.
Always a pleasure to come here!  Genuinely awesome staff, short wait time, painless  donation process.  I love the ARC and this is my absolute favorite place to donat
WORST AIRPORT DESIGN. If you have to change terminals then you need to get out of the airport and then go through security again. Who does that make sense?  \n\nWill definitely try to avoid flying thru here as much as I can.
Went for Ribs - they were good (not great).  You can tell it is a successful place and because of that importance I got the feeling they were doing me a favor.  I will not rush back but will go back at some point.
extremely terrible service. They couldn't get my order right the first time, like seriously how hard is it to get a couple sandwiches right!!
I was here once, two years ago. I had high hopes because my bff's partner raved about it and because its like halloween everyday. Unfortunately is was lame, lame, lame. Parking is beyond aggravating and it looks like the Dollar Tree threw up in there.
As you walk down the hall you can smell this place from a mile away. I have yet to have a bad meal there! I would totally suggest trying to get a seat on the patio overlooking the fountains. Great meal and a great view... it would be a great spot to propose... just saying
One busy place. Four hours or more for an oil change and tire rotation!
I saw this show for free when they first appeared in Vegas. Back then they had a better Circus vibe with more activities outside the tent.  Now they only have a bar.  I guess they need to save money.  The show was very good and up close and personal.
We have eaten here a few times. The dinner options are great and the garlic knots are awesome. We have had issues with wait times, but honestly, its no worse than any other place. The food is good and if the service is on time, it's worth the wait.
Whenever I crave for Filipino food I always go here ;-) They have the most reasonable price & yummy food in Phoenix.
I dropped my iphone and shattered the front screen, and wanted to get my boyfriend's ipod touch checked out (it was thoroughly ruined at another \"repair\" company). \n\nMy iphone was fixed in less than 15 minutes, and works great now.
So glad to find GREAT Mexican Food within walking distance of my house. This is right up there with La Pi\u00f1ata for my favorite Mexican Food places in AZ. Las Gloria's imprinted itself on my mental food map tonight!!!
The rooms here are OK. They are very adequate but not special. The Hotel has a great location and is very convenient to Convention center and most other things in town. The prices are very reasonable compared to others in town. So if you are here on business or vacation and want to stick to a budget, this is a good choice.
Can't beat the happy hour during the week, and happy hour food prices at the bar all day Sunday!
I ordered vegetarian pad Thai and if was pretty tasteless, even when I asked for extra peanuts. I ate it just because I was hungry. The decor in the restaurant was nice though. Just wish the food was better
I just signed my policies with Maria. I saved over 50% from my previous insurance agent. I am so happy with their service.  So if your like me and your fed up with paying those monster premiums every month. Please call Maria right away.
Pretty good/consistent fare but a touch expensive for one notch above average food.  $16-$20 salads are a bit much. Steak Frites were good but not great.
I never win. \n\nExcept once... but the macine was broken. They took their money back. Now I'm sad. Thanks for reminding me.
Outdated look, slow service, half star for gud customer service... I think ud get ur food faster going thru drive thru, which ill happily take next time I come here :)
Other than the excessive use of plate decorating parsley, the jumbalaya was pretty good and our waitress Auctavia was great.
David has been cutting my hair at his shop in Carefree, for well over ten years. He's a pro; pleasant, meticulous, always reliable. HIGHLY recommended.
Not as good as I remember. My first bad experience. Food just wasn't up to par - prepared salads look like they were old or kept one too many nights in the bucket.
Went here yesterday.  Attentive service, drinks were great, nice bar scene.  The greens and beans are excellent.  I also had the meatball and Ricotta flatbread, superb.  The meatballs are awesome, make sure you try a few.  \n\nI will be back.
This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The menu has a wide variety and since the portions are small, you can try so many different things. The octopus, grilled shrimp, petite fillet were among my favorites. Great ambiance!
Ate from here last night, woke up in all kinds of pain, it sucked!
Awful customer service!!!!!
I love the preserve! My daughter grew up playing there as a little girl, so great for the little ones. Nice walking trails, and tons of birds to watch. We have seen numerous species, even a flock of feral peach faced love birds. One of the gems of Gilbert.
I'm not that in to chili chicken as a dish and I still thought theirs was pretty solid.\n\nNaan is real good too.
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome.  And I don't even like thai food.
This Einstein's has seen better days. We stopped here on a road trip to grab a bagel and coffee and it was dirty.  They only had one coffee available (Vanilla Hazelnut) so we we disappointed with that lack of selection.
Ols school, but very clean for the Vegas area. They always have good fights to come watch.
Amazing food, atmosphere, and service! This is our 3rd time coming here and it is great as usual!
Been wanting to come here for a while and finally stopped in earlier this morning. I got the number 20 and it was pretty good. The potato salad on the side was okay, nothing special. Overall it's a nice place, food is good, but I feel like the portions are small.
I had the ribeye boneless medallions.  It was three different meats!  natural angus, bison and  American wagyu medium cooked.   It definitely made my top ten list in the steak department.
If you are looking for a place to eat a good poutine this is the place\nFor 10$ you get a fully loaded poutine with LOTS of cheese, gravy and topping.\nAnd best of all they have deep fried avocado...what a great discovery
really fun club to hit up if ever in MGM Grand. Pretty small little club though. The drinks were ok and the music was pretty good. Just a small place.
Love the food! The duck curry is delicious.  Been going here for years. The service is good and the owner is friendly. Lunch specials are quick and easy too.
Good food, cheap beer, will be back!
The restaurant smells off when you walk in and my chicken teriyaki felt squishy.
Went here because my father n law wanted Mexican food. We were in the area, so why not try it. Food was great but way over priced. Don't think I'll be going here again.
Do not come here. A million hidden fees. I had to pay to RECIEVE a package that was sent to me. Ridiculous.
I had a great pedicure and it was only $20! My tech took a really long time making my nails look great, so I felt like I got my money's worth.  Only complaint is that they could use some new chairs.
J'adore Mon Ami Gabi. The whipped cauliflower is to die. My fiance and I shared the seafood platter - fresh, flavorful, and enough to feed two people. Ambiance is very romantic and it's also good for intimate groups. We are definitely going back for our mini-moon!
Not good for me . Did the all you can eat offer for 24.99. Every one of he style of ribs were dry . The downfall is the tomato flavor the rub/sauce has... Only great item is the fried shrimp. Service was also very friendly, but not even close to good BBQ for me.
As a daily consumer of Starbucks for years, I can honestly say I've never seen one like this! They are so on-top-of-it and QUICK! Even when there is a long line, it still moves so quickly...and all with very friendly service.
I went to pay the cashier and coulnd't understand French. So my friend who is fluent translated for me. The cashier then said, \"Oh should I speak in Chinese? Ching chong ching chong ching chong.\" Do not patronize this racist establishment.
Pricey drinks, went here part of club crawl. Free drink if you buy one first, part of crawl.
I am definately a fan of Michael Mina.  I've been to this location several times.  Agree that the Lobster Pot Pie is incredible, along with the service.  HOWEVER - this location just doesn't hold a candle to San Francisco's Michael Mina, which is the ultimate dining experience.
I hate this place. It is way too small. You can't move a MUSCLE. They let too many people in. Just stay downstairs and order some food. Seriously.
I love the family ambiance and good service . Also they have tofu lettuce wraps which is hard to find  in a typical Chinese restaurant
Closed. Next nearest location is at the Best Western on Rue Drummond. I feel they lost something during the move. I don't enjoy the food as much in their new location.
This location is closed.\nThis location is permanently close as in out of business.
Great local bar. Awesome beer selection and a good crowd.
Pool parties in Vegas are a must!!  This one is small but fun.  I have a bunch of pictures on my blog from when I went if you want to see what it is like.
I was so hungry after my 6 hour flight, I decided to stop by Olive and Ivy to grab something to eat. The breakfast club sandwich was super delicious and the workers were very friendly. :)
Have been many times. Food is always consistantly good. Always busy. However service always seems to be lacking. Hostess cold when you come in. Bartenders always seem to be catering to the regulars. Would come more often if the service was more consistant.
The staff does not seem to have a real sense of empathy. I would not recommend them as a patient
Great atmosphere to hang out the back patio.   Inside is what you would expect to find in any other bar.
The people in the leasing office are extremely rude and wouldn't help me at all I was really looking forward to viewing the property and now I won't be back!
Not my style of soup. Very watery, not enough flavor, lack of veggies. Somewhat pricey !! The owner is very nice though.
I love Mimi's Cafe.  the food is yummy and it's always been a great place to go!  however, lately the service has been awful!  The past 3 times i have gone have been disappointing.  It makes me NOT want to go back again. :(  management needs to step in and take care of their customers!
I love this place!!  As other reviewers have pointed out, the salsa bar is insane.  Do yourself a favor and sample each variety.  They're not labeled to indicate how spicy they are, so be forewarned.  The cochinita, gaucho, dogfish, and shrimp tacos are my favorite.
The service was good but I was not impressed with the food. I found the burger to be salty, crumbly and messy. The fries were nothing to scream about, but then again I don't like shoestring fries. I would not recommend. I don't see the hype. I won't be back.
really like this place, it has great food and will have their own beer soon. the birds and roof top bar are very entertaining as well. the only downside to this place is they allow smoking which is ridiculous people!!
Great pizza but this location is now closed Have to go to Rancho and Charleston for the best pizza in town at their location in Smiths shopping center!
Been there few times and everytime its a disappointment. Most of the things were microwaved.
Mediocre at best. The pizza is over priced & nothing special. Delivery took one hour. Would not recommend, but they do deliver to Vistancia.
If you wan to pay top dollar for a mediocre pizza and eat in a noisy restaurant with crappy service so you can tell your friends you 'went to Grimaldis', this is the place for you.  Total  'Snottsdale' hype.
So glad that I got to see her before she gets all gussied up.  Two parking lots full of classic neon signs.  Photo opps galore!  Well worth a side trip.  In 2009, a real outdoor museum will be opening with actual walking paths and fully restored signs.
Server was rude and unfriendly. Place wasn't very clean either. Don't go expecting them to be accommodating at all if you request their items to be made differently than as stated on menu. Very disappointed
Little fun fact: this is one of the only chipotle I've seen where you order your burrito and work left.
the room itself is HUGE! the bathroom is a bit small and the soap makes you very dry. The bed is decent but the pillows are very uncomfortable!
I can only cancel my membership from 9-5 Mon-Fri, while I should be at work, or by mailing a request in...    Really??   Yet I can sign up in 2 seconds on the website.   I question any company that makes it this hard to stop using their services.
I got lucky, but there were others on the bus that were moments away from missing their flights.  They'll get you to your hotel, but getting back to the airport is a whole other story.  I would avoid this company at all costs.
Awesome service. Reliable.
Great tasting cannoli! A little pricy for the size though. Good as a one off desert when out with family/friends.
amazing gym
Always a good lunch spot! Food and service are consistently good!
Tiny casino filled with people talking to themselves.  Drinks made with half a shot of alcohol and the alcohol appears to come from the 99cent store.  They only take cash and do not tell you until after you order.  \n\nTwo stars for the cheesy girls outside handing out beads.
Got charged an EXTRA 20.00 to my card last night!!! Make sure you save your receipt .....also very $$$$.... We left hungry
This is an arena. They have so many seats it's crazy. You've never seen so many seats. They also have really big TVs. It's really fun and nicer than a lot of other arenas. Except when the Suns lose, then it's just a really big room filled with a lot of really sad people.
Best place in Las Vegas . Great people kinda old school but very nice place specially tj Friday . Well I love Orleans loll love it!;)
Simply put..... \"Not impressed\". Unimpressive menu and we won't be coming back, as there are to many truly better options in this amazing food Mecca.
Good for rich guy, definitely try fatty tuna: make you feel rich no matter what you are.
Came here for breakfast! Delicious! The french toast was wonderful! Very cool ambiance!
This shop has everything for scrapbooking, card making, stamps and inks, beads and more. The staff really know their stuff and surprisingly for a specialist shop its not expensive. check them out if you're feeling creative on the run up to Christmas. So sad but this shop is now gone.
I lived there for almost 2 years and it was horrible. Cockroaches everywhere that you can not get rid of, shady people, vandalism and drug deals.
We had a reservation for 730, were seated by 8, and the waitress didn't come by to take our drink order until 830. For $12 drinks and no draft beers you should at least get some decent service.
Just had them clean the carpet in our fifth wheel. Very reasonable rates and very Conscientious. Probably the best our carpets have ever been cleaned. Will have them next time our carpets need cleaned.
Average at best. Three stars is probably too much. Food was lacking flavor and we were extremely disappointed. I will not be heartbroken if I don't go back.
The hostess service is great. The waitress service is very poor. Had to ask twice for water. we were ignored and mocked.
If the bartender would stop talking, and pay attention to her work...I'd give it a 4* & I wouldn't be at Brio's!!!
Bland fried rice. Overcooked Teriyaki Chicken. Soggy Eggrolls. NOTE, their Chicken \"CHOW MEIN\" does not include noodles, even though the very definition of the dish is \"fried noodle\". It's just a slop of chicken and onions.
Good gourmet pizza for the area, but super busy!  I know that's a good sign, but the acoustics are so bad that it's like talking in a wind tunnel or something.  I wish they had a full bar :(
Healthy, quick, and friendly. Sure its fast food, but Id take this over a greasy burger any day. I wish there was one near my place in LA!
second time coming to this location! always order a #27 with spring rolls. the pho is served fast. very delicious! \n\ncustomer service could be a little better. had to ask for extra lemons twice. \n\nwould I come back? yeah because it's affordable.
I want to go back soon.
I tried to buy a loaf of cinnamon raison bread.  And go denied to buy it.  I will never come back to panera again!!!  Bad service employees
Terrible country fried steak very oily. It taste like a chicken nugget from mcdonalds. The server was very unaware. No refills no how was your food so no tip took 20 minutes to get the bill after they took the plates.
I love the clever menu like the BBQ Nacho Fries, BBQ Sundae, & the Outlaw Burger. \n\nThe $8.99 Smokin Deals are a great value
Food was tasty and excellent \nService was slow\nA couple of our dishes were wrong \nVery noisy environment \nLimited wine selection
I have always enjoyed this restaurant since coming here as a child. Occasionally they will do a champaign Sunday brunch, that is definitely the way to go.
Favorite restaurant! The roasted buttermilk chicken and the chopped salad are amazing!
I frequent this store only because it's closer to my house than any other. The prices are low and the selection is usually ample. I have had to go elsewhere for the whipped cream vodka and the Godiva Liqueur when they've run out before.
So this place is meh I mean food is ok nothing amazing,chips are good. While on my visit here the power went out and just sitting in the dark for a good 10 minutes so not very pleasant visit hope this power comes on
Love this place!  It is a great place to chill and play some darts.   The bartenders are nice and the atmosphere is great.  It is a good place to sit back and enjoy good company.
My dog got kennel cough at this place! He is a Yorkie and they always cut him to look like a chiuahuha! After giving this place 3 chances I am never going back, They don't follow grooming instuctions nor check to see if  dogs have had ther shots before boarding or grooming.
This place is off the hook from when you walk in.  Rock music blasting.  Dancers are beautiful. The circle bar is fantastic.  The drinks are expensive but that is Vegas - just gamble and tip the cocktail waitress.  See a show here, any show!!
Everyone is very nice in Raising Cane's.\nTaste is really average, nothing even close to famous chicken finger.
My overall experience here was pretty good. You order from the counter.  The guy at the register that night was very entertaining.  He had several recommendations. Even if you didn't want them, he would magically change your mind. There is a large patio outside to hang out, prices are pretty fair and the food was good.
I can't take it anymore!!! I come to this Starbucks fairly often due to the proximity to our house but they are always rude. It's early in the morning, I don't want to experience attitude problems. From this day forward I will just go to a different Starbucks or make the drive to Dutch Bros.
Mediocre Chinese food. I ate here with eight people of Chinese decent and from San Gabriel Valley (they know Chinese food). We ordered most of the menu and were mostly disappointed.
It was horrifically discusting and i'm never going back. The wings will make you vomit. Oh, and make sure you check your silverware!!
Very good and very authentic. I had the same torta Adam had on show Man vs. Food, I think it had the whole kitchen in it! But it was really and I could only finish half the torta.
Delicious food, but worst table in the house. If it seems like you're in a hallway, ask to move. Service was just okay. Fairly expensive.
The ramen is good, but the selection is not. They only have fatty pork... Im a beef eater.
Always Fresh with Great Attentive Service
Best Hot and Sour soup I've ever had!!! Great lunch specials, great rolls and dollar beers... You can't go wrong!
Our favourite Japanese rest in our neighbourhood.  Small place.  Nice sushi and sash ini selection.  I enjoyed Udon noodles there last time I went...but the Tempura was a bit on the soggy side.
Tried the beef gyro...excellent!! Great service too!
This gem never disappoints.  Make a reservation, as it books early--and with good reason.  I've been here multiple times, and each time it produced the best food of my stay in Las Vegas.  Very good wine list, too, along with terrific service.
The food is good but the service is absolutely HORRIBLE! Took 10 mins to order drinks and an hour to get our food. The waiters are slow and business is under staffed.
Had the beet salad with goat cheese. Perfection. Great little restaurant, nice ambience, good service.
Very nice place with great service. The steak was great, the only thing I would hope they fix is the sushi. It's a very romantic place and my gf enjoyed it for VDAY
Lunch was delicious.The flavor and temperature was right on! \n\nWaiter loved to talk to people so took awhile to order and he would forget what we asked for. The bus person was very attentive. \n\nGreat lighting and view.
the baked potatoes here are some of the biggest i have ever seen!!!! you can get loads of fillings and its really difficult to eat the whole thing!! but i always manage it..
They Did An awesome Job. On Time Courteous and clean
Make/design your own pizza pie, love the concept! Great patio and good beer choices! Good prices too!
These guys are great!  They are Smart, Courteous and Honest!\n\nI recommend Joe and his team to everyone I know.\n\nHIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Great atmosphere and a departure from the mundane. If you're looking for some unique dishes filled great entertainment, this is the place to go in Old Montreal. Order the duck confite, and maple whisky cider drink and be stuffed!
Decent food and good service. Prices usually start at $8 for a lunch plate.
The Crabcake sandwich was a disappointment. The Cake was bland and served with two plain pieces of white bread with nothing on it. Hardly considered a sandwich.
I like the free fideo soup and free margaritas Wednesday through Sunday from 11:00am to 5:00pm.  Yummy.
We had soft tacos for lunch! Duck and Mahi Mahi with quino salad. This is a great place for lunch and I recommend it. The summer menu is lite and fun.
JESUS HAS RETURNED...\n\nin the form of Black Cod Miso.
The worst thin crust pizza in years.  I have had $1.99 store bought frozen pizza that was better.  And pizza was cold when it arrived.  I ended up throwing out 1/2 the pizza because no one would eat it.
We used Az Elite Transportation for a night out on the town. The  Escalade was very clean and comfortable. The driver showed up on time and was very friendly. We will definitely use this company again, and I highly recommend them when you don't feel like driving.
This place has excellent pastries, easily as good as anything you will get from similar places in Los Angeles.
The food was fine and the service is friendly, if not the most efficient. Not a place I would go out of my way for a return visit, but wouldn't rule it out if someone else suggested it.
Went there once. very basic, taste is normal. Reminds me of waffle house
This is one of my favorite local sushi spots.  Good quality fish and nice atmosphere.  Ideal spot for a nice and relaxing dinner date.  The place is not big so don't be surprised if you have to wait.
Kind of a weird place.  It's ran by a couple really nice dudes.  I had the 3 piece chicken meal, and the chicken was really juicy.  The fries were fried just right as well, extra crispy.  I'd like to come back and try a bunch of different things from their menu.
We use WaiWai quite frequently for Lunch take out.   They have these fantastic \"Lunch Boxes\" that are very reasonable and have a ton of food in them.   \n\nPlan on either drinking a ton of coffee or taking a nap in the afternoon if you get a lunch box.
Great service everytime I come here, The food is also well above your average college hangout especially  when you think of how low the price is.
Damn nasty wings. Low quality meat, hard to chew, impossible to swallow.  I had to throw out the wings and find something else for dinner.
Great pub to drink at. Good happy hour app specials. Don't pass up the Guinness wings but don't expect the same food quality in all the items from the past. Fado's has had better days.
I thought the food was pretty good. I have done alot of really good Tapas and this was just pretty good. These guys pack it in like sardines and a young good looking crowd it is. Too busy for me on the weekends I would go back but there are many other fish in the sea so it won't be soon.
The place in Vegas for Prime Meat!
Poor beer selection and horrible job filtering out the cigarette smoke. I couldn't breathe in there.
This is my most fav location of this chain.  So friendly.  Service is always fast, professional and with a smile.  These people really make you feel like part of the family.  Love the lattes and sourdough bread.  For breakfast the Ham & Brie Frittata can't be beat.
Go somewhere else. Long wait at the drive thru. After they take your order. They make you pull up and make you wait for a long time for your order.  Like I said. Go somewhere else.
Not a fan, over-priced for what you get.  Didn't like the ambiance.
Great breakfast!  They even offer a gluten free eggs Benedict.  Fairly priced for Vegas.  Make sure you get a reservation.
Amazing food and service! Some of the best Indian food I've had since my visit to India. Very reasonably priced and large portions. I strongly urge visit.
I was pretty impressed with this place. Nice atmosphere, good prices and very friendly! I had the corned beef hash, it was homemade and you really could tell. It was really good. This will now be my goto breakfast place!
I have been using for business lunch/dinner.   Nice atmosphere, good servings.  Foods are ok, but they got nice wine selections.
Haven't seen a doctor here yet, just sitting in the lobby. wait time is ridiculous...I'm starting to wonder if I'm still sick.
Food was excellent I ordered the Mussels(appetizer) as my meal way to many to eat and good flavor my husband had fish & chips which was excellent, but our service was very slow and not personal at all.
We had the deep dish Chicago pizza. It was cooked perfect. Allison was a great server. We had a large party of 30+. All food ordered was correct and fresh from the kitchen. Thumps up!
This place is a cool place. Awesome chicks and cool atmosphere but honestly the food here is mediocre. The fries werent fresh, the burger was a definite 3/5.\nOverall review is 2.5 stars\nWe waited 20 minutes for our food and it was kind of cold.
Came here during st patty's day! It was awesome good service, make sure to bring your swim suit, the pool was amazing and the water was warm.
The staff who work here are downright mean.  You better not have to ask a question, because you're going to be verbally assaulted if you do.  Just a warning.
Best place for rolling dice or playing blackjack.  Reason - GREAT music played in the Casino.  If you are legitimately into music, you will like staying here.  Fantastic stay with newly renovated rooms.  Off the strip, but you won't be sorry.  One of my favorite places on earth.
Got guava green tea with pearls today :) not a huge fan but still pretty good flavor. My favorite is still the jasmine tea latte with pearls. They just have the best pearls here and there is no way to resist lol.
Love love love the lobster salad. However the service is so slow and horrible that I will only get takeout. Too bad because it's a great location and you would expect amazing service in a more upscale area.
Love this place!  Delicious food, great service, good music!   Great job Zappones!  Way to go Gilbert!
Mediocre. Food is ok, but hit or miss. Seasonings are either very sweet, salty, or spicy, but not much other flavor. Desserts are really sweet. Service is inattentive.  Be aware, they serve a brunch menu until 2pm. Lunch menu after that.
I HIGHLY do not recommend your money at this place because it is a waste of money. The food is undercooked and is OVERLY over priced. It's my first time here, and I will wouldn't recommend to come here. But everybody had their own opinion.
This is the best tasting pizza in all of Arizona. I'm from NY and I was afraid I'd never find NY tasting pizza again and after watching Breaking Bad realized there is a Venezia's by me. I tried it and was blown away. Keep it up!
Airports are airports. Facility was nice with easy to access information. Restaurants and food stops- average price. Airports are always more expensive.
Pretentious and overrated.  Also overrun by hipsters but its location sort of invites that. The few times I've been here, the staff was super slow and forgetful. Food wise,  I've had better tacos from street vendors for less money. After hearing people RAVE about this place, I was really disappointed.
Tried this place out with a girlfriend a few nights ago.  We had 2 appetizers and a tasty beverage.  The service was great and our apps were tasty.  This might be a good place to try for a girls night out.
Blah\n\nFood is boring and sub par in my book\n\nThe ambiance is chill and super trendy Scottsdalish\n\nThe drinks are all old time drinks.  Think Slow Gin Fizzes, Rusty Nails and Manhattans\n\nThe service is good though
I love this place!  Great deserts, quick service once seated.  It's small, and there can be a little line/wait during the busy hours...
We had a wonderful lunch today. I had the soup(Broccoli, my favorite) plus a mini 1topping deep dish pizza & Jerry had a hamburger with skinny fries. They were delicious! Great service. As a vet, Jerry's lunch was free. We will be back again soon.
Few things in a ordinary foodie's life can be compared to the moment at Angry Crab Shack when a bag of seafood arrives the table.
Nothing fancy here but the price is right: $17 for a pedicure and plenty of polish colors to choose from.
This place came highly recommended by many.  It is more traditional Japanese food however the food was not good to me at all.  Service was lagging. My taste buds just didn't mesh with the place.  Cod still had the bones in it, Honey toast wasn't as good as I expected.  Go downstairs to Kaya.
Warm ambiance and smiley staff. The food and beer is good. This is one of my favorite places to hit when I'm downtown. It's close to everything - especially during First Friday
This place is really a gem. The food is always great and really fresh.  Awesome choices for vegetarians too.
Big selection of Filipino pastries and desserts. Everything looks so good. We always try to visit here on our trips to Vegas.
Selection isn't as nice as other locations. \nParking sucks because its shared with Smart & Final.\nTons of vegan and vegetarian friendly  foods. \nLove their wines!
The cook here us the slowest cook i have ever seen in my life! The Kid was talking the whole time...
I just called to make a reservation at Zink and they are no longer in business...bummer.  Their last day of service was July 31.  I hope something new shows up in this location because they had a great outdoor spot.
I simply called to get some info about t-moble. And curious about the data plan and the process. And the mister i was talking over the phone was an AssHole very rude, and doesn't give a shit about new costumers.
This was the most disturbingly bland meal. Yuck.
Suprised this has 3.5 stars out of 17 reviews. This is my favorite pizza in town. Crust is great- ask for the crust to be a little more done
Great fish n chips.  Very loud atmosphere.  Great bang for the buck for Vegas.  Great portion size.
Very good lunch buffet. All vegetarian.
Brand new remodel. Unfortunately they didn't renovate what needed it most, the employees! Service is awkward and very slow. \"Mgr\" just walked into the restroom with his food prep apron on. Nice.
Love the salon but more so love Trini. He has fixed my hair and love the transitions my hair takes between my appointments! Plus the hair massages during the hair washes are amazing!
I don't see the hype!   I'd go to smash burger before in n out if I wanted a quick burger!  The cus service however is AMAZING, always accurate and speedy!
A darn good panini. Nice neighborhood cafe...lot's of kids playing..bright colored decor.....good food. The tables rock sometimes...and the tables can be a little sticky...but....a darn good panini!
Fantastic place, good food, good service, good drinks. Haven't had the coffee but the chai is exceptional. I'm not religious but I don't mind that they're a Christian business that plays not that bad of Christian music. Only thing I would change is that the decor needs an update.
Everyone knows how it tastes. My new crush is Blue Bottle Coffee
Lasted a month and even with the menu redo it's officially closed... again. This location has so much potential if they could find the right management and remember that its not the strip so resort prices need not apply.
Good pizza.  Service is a little  unprofessional. We kinda felt like we were entering the hotel employees break room and interrupting their break.
Worst onion soup I had (and it was part of a special), bad service, we never got the dessert (also included in our menu), the ribeye steak was very tough and the mixed vegetable consisted of a spoonful of peas with two thin slices of carrots. We aren't going back there for sure.
Unreliable, unprofessional and unaccountable. Stay away!
One of the best meals I've had! Took a couple clients here - the views, service and quality of fish rivals that of any on the coast. Halibut with Thai Peanut, risotto, beet salad with the angel food grilled cheese (yeah, really) - absolutely amazing!
Biscuits were awesome. Chicken in original did the trick but was a bit disappointed that they don't have corn on the cob any more
It is very good. I would go with the waffles.
The most consistent BBQ joint on the West Coast. This establishment is quite excellent. I recommend any location. Thank you. I'm here all week. Every location. I'm here all week. Every location.
Fantastiic old church building. The service was great. We enjoyed some of the tacos, didnt like some. Our server was very helpful in telling us what things were and what the specials were. Very glad we went. Probably won't go again.
It is a tradition of a couple of buddies and me to stop by here for a hungover Sunday breakfast.  I love the hamburger with egg and the french onion soup.  Its great to sit on the patio and watch the strip.  Good end to a trip.
Not the best Subway I've been to, service was slow and well it is Arizona. Clean location though.
Abe's is closed. Drove across town only to discover construction crews tearing out all the equipment.
Went in on Saturday for lunch.  Customer service was pretty poor.  Parking lot is not great due to ABC Store, Goodwill, and IHOP.   Biggest disappointment is their delivery area does not include the neighborhoods on the west side of Lancaster Highway.  It seems if you have a Pineville address, they do not want your business.
This is a lousy McDonalds. So slow. So surly. Once you finally get the food it doesn't even seem to matter anymore.
Went once. Las Fuentas is sooooo much better! No need to go back here
Southern food with a twist, very good location and ambience! Good food and great presentation, great place for lunch or brunch
Stayed in the South Tower on the 14th floor and it was quiet as a mouse all weekend. Kind of bare bones rooms but comfortable and large. You might want to bring your own pillows. The view is spectacular. No complaints!
Restaurant was closed down 8/14/14 by the Southern Nevada Health District\n\nhttp://m.vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/08/21/snhd-shuts-down-hk-star-for-imminent-health-hazard.php
Stayed here this week and not impressed to be honest. Not a typical Embassy Suites for me but the room furnishings, carpet, tub etc way below what I would expect. They are just not up to speed. As a hhonors member no free water either. I would not stay at this property again.
Only a 30 min wait to be seated and great food and drinks.  Only draw back was that it seemed they forgot about us, food took longer then usual but was great once it arrived.  But after being at the fair all day it was good to sit down!
Absolutely phenomenal. I almost took a second filet mignon to go. A must eat in Madison!
friendly, helpful, and kind people there.\nCheck you eyes for glasses by 39$ but if you want a check with the contact lenses it will be 99$.\nFrames around 250$ and their lenses by around 100$\nI feel it's kind of a little expensive store.
The apple pancakes were piping hot and full of apple, cinnamon and real maple syrup. This place has a cool early morning vibe: mixture of old folks, families and business people getting ready for the day and enjoying the company and the food. \n\nService could be faster, but the place was slammed.
Accommodated large group quickly. Food was very slow to come out. Everyone was somewhat satisfied with their food. Service was very slow. Very good for studying or working alone as you won't be disturbed too often.
The girlfriend and I found this place through Groupon, much like everyone else on the planet. Unfortunately our schedules meant that it took us forever to actually get down here but we definitely weren't disappointed.  We had a fantastic time and are already looking into taking some of their additional classes.
Relaxed atmosphere and reasonably busy. Serves one of the very best coffee in Montreal. Service is efficient, comes with smiles. Killer carrot-cake, and I mean K.I.L.L.E.R. Casual lunch fare is always well executed and presented, if a bit pricey.
The wings here are fantastic and the cheese sticks are absurd in a very good way. Will definitely be back.
The friendliest people , they remember our order and the very best sausage and mushroom pizza ever !!
Loved the cheese fries. Not bad for me considering I've never been to other outback locations. Food takes a while to arrive. Sirloin was dry and wasn't cooked the way I asked...rice wasn't too good. (Me being Hispanic like my rice to be perfect) The coconut shrimp were really good.
ok, several veggie options, sauces seem to be premade/jarred rather than fresh. check the \"specials\" board for items not on the menu, though they never change.
Second time in town and I had to come back.  Food is great.  Feel like I'm in Mexico in here.. Love the people and decor.  Not had one bad bite here!!
The sandwich was good but what's with the charging $1 extra if I want it on wheat bread??Oh you want to eat healthier, it's gonna cost you! How about charging extra for holding the mayo? It's the principle. I'm not coming back.
Crowded bar on the Royal Mile has a decent atmosphere and often has live music.  The back nook behind the bar is a cozy spot where you are able to have a conversation with friends.
Food was merely ok.  The bread was cold and our order came back wrong.  The Hommus was served over lettuce, which was weird to eat.  I would only eat here again if I had no choice.  I was surprised especially after all the positive reviews and    awards.
Great for takeout and eat in. Great gnocchi. Fast and consistent takeout. Friendly staff.
You know a restaurant is awesome when you ask them to skip the shrimp in your Singapore noodles and they compensate for what's missing by giving you a ton of extra chicken.\n\nIt was the best.
Drive thru donut shop? Genius! Love the concept, but knocking off 1 star because the variety is a bit limited. I've gone 3 times already and they never have my favorite donut- whats a girl gotta do to get a pink frosting cake donut?
Solid Americanized Chinese take out.  They are a little pricey but the food tastes fresh and take out orders are made fast.
This place is awesome. All the food is good. The waitstaff is very friendly. If you get a chance go there and eat. I ate there this morning. So so good.....
My fault, I should have read Yelp reviews before entering. I would have gone elsewhere. Smoked chicken was dry. Mashed potatoes had no gravy and little seasoning. No bread or roll served with entree.
Place sucks. Everything is premade, sitting under a heat lamp or frozen. Nothing is ever fresh. service sucks. only good thing about this place is they're open til 12am.
This is a great theater. They have decent prices for a movie, but the typical price gouge at the concession stand. We rarely buy anything but a refill on our loyalty cup. The theaters are clean and customer service is great. I would recommend this theater.
The front desk lady is not full of energy. She has no impression what so ever. Although they do have  variety of food , some of the food looks as if it's been trying to be used yesterday as well. Other than that the waitresses were great!
Came here for lunch today, just thought I would share some info. The place was very clean, service was good and all the food seem pretty fresh.
KC always does a great job. she takes her time and makes each nail look 100% perfect. I always love my nails every time I go here!
Drove there last weekend. They were not open on a Saturday at 8 pm. A sign said on the door said closed due to technical and utilities problem. \n\nHave they shut down?
Love this place, the kids & I always have fun here in the summers. I have been to all the water parks in the Greater Phoenix area (meaning including all the cities that surround Phoenix), and this one is the best.
I love their cookies.
If you want slow service?this is the place, only two people working on the day before thanksgiving really??? What is wrong with you people? You have people waiting in line for over one hour! Not cool, at all.
Tacos were very good, but extremely over priced and small. $5.50 per taco?! I've had better for $1.25.
hit or miss every time i go in here. i always think i'll leave with something and never do. prices are good though. organization could be better and the quality is not that great.
Food is always awesome. Staff didn't panic when my wife has a medical emergency. Manager was beyond helpful and knew what needed to be done in this situation. These people are professionals and not just in the kitchen. Thank you again...          M
Service completely sucks and the food is slightly better than what you could buy from a vending machine or Kwik Trip
Great food, great company@ a great price.
Had a @groupon, went to have breakfast.\n\nThe prices were not bad, but the specials were high enough that the groupon wasn't a great value.\n\nThe food was decent enough, and I would likely return.
I was unsatisfied with all aspects of their customer service process. they did not explain things clearly. their policies are not meant to help you and i had a very unpleasant experience. save yourself the trouble and fly with rates so low. i would give zero stars if the option existed.
Food was awesome however the service definitely needs work. Our waiter had absolutely no personality and never once asked us how everything was. He definitely seemed annoyed that he even had to help us. What could've easily been a great experience, resulted in an ok one.
It's below average for the price, but convenient when you want to stay away from McDonalds and Krispy Cream.
I had Filet Mignon as usual and it was not as good as Ruth's Chris or even Sweetwater Traven in VA.
No flavor. Paper thin sausage on pizza. No sauce. \nJust not worth the 7.50 for lunch. \nSuggestion. Use more seasoning, sauce etc.
By far one of the better qt's. Always fast and friendly staff.  Bathrooms are kept clean. I also like the fact that the gas is less expensive than most others.
My first visit with Dr. Coker was awesome.  He explained everything clearly, was very thorough and made me feel comfortable.  He is very professional and incredibly knowledgeable and very sweet,  just like Dr. Morrison. Both are great Doctors and we will keep coming back as long as they are here.
Thorough with her answers to my questions and very gentle with the process. Great results!
Great place for breakfast or lunch. I really like the low carb menu. Friendly staff. Get there early as there can usually be a long line on weekends because of the great food.\n\nHuge menu with plenty of food options to choose from.
I read a lot of good reviews on this place so decided to check it out while I was visiting. So disappointed! The dim sum was sub par. Even the most basic stuff didn't taste right. Not much variety.
The Waffles are wonderful and the workers warm and inviting. Great atmosphere as well.  This is a Waffle and Coffee House that does it right!
Giada, you need to work on service and timing at your restaurant. Lunch yesterday was a disappointment due to these issues. Even great food will not be enough to bring back diners. Also, the gals at the hostess station gave off a very unfriendly vibe.
The food is delicious.. the only problem is it's way overpriced and the service is horrible.  \n\nThe burgers don't even come with fries, or any sides for that matter (all separate).  We sat for 10 minutes before the waitress came by at all.
This is our neighborhood spot for ceviche... though if you want oysters go to the spot at McDowell and 18th St... no idea what the name is.
The food was good, service was slow and staff often confused table orders. We were brought the wrong food as was the table next to us. Atmosphere was pleasant and the view was great.
Food was great , ordered wine , waiter brought different wine twice more expensive and i did not notice till the end ,  well we end up paying 499$ over on our check because i trusted them . \nI  really like this place but next time i WILL MAKE SURE THEY DO NOT bring whatever they feel like
Very friendly waitstaff as well as clientele.  Comfortable, clean, well done.  Thanks for a wonderful time.  Will be seeing you quite often.
I've been coming here for years and showing all of greens glory to my friends. Damon is a complete genius and combines casual food and a funky atmosphere in a location you would drive by everyday without realizing it.  The bowls are awesome, I love the specials with catchy names. And tsoynamis! You own my soul.
I like Einstein's Bagels but this location is horrible, slow, always out of coffee and seasonal bagels, mean manager and dirty. Will not come back to this location.
Good cheesesteaks and they deliver late!  Fast service in-store but delivery can take awhile sometimes.  It's really no pricier than any other decent cheesesteak place in the Tempe area.  Their garlic fries are amazing.
Typical Asian fare in a Vegas casino.\nIt was good but nothing special.
good selection but expensive. some of the employees are not particularly friendly or warm (i.e. the owner/manager). i don't particularly enjoy coming here but sometimes it's practical.
Quote very different from bill.\nFixed suspension for my mercedes at a very high price and after 2mo the same problem.\nNormal service and work  for a very high price
Of course I am going to say how awesome the west campus is at A.S.U.!!!
Red sauce w beef and Mexican cheese enchiladas is stunningly good!  Yummies!   And $1 margarita w combo on happy hour :-)  Makes for a nice intermission on the drive home from kiteboarding Mohave or business in Vegas.
Love this place..... been going for few years now. Good Italian.
Pfft. If I wanted to pay for overpriced burgers and fries, I'd go gourmet. Instead, I'll drive down the street to In-n-Out for something worthwhile.\n\nOnly drunk college students head here late at night.
Very slow service.  This location used to be great but the last few times I've gone the service has been very slow.  The line can be all the way to the door and you will see one or two employees working the line and the rest are wondering around the kitchen.
Everything bar the wings and pina coladas was below average. BUT the wings were soooo good.
This place is great always on time, prices are good and the food is fantastic. Been here plenty of times and always give great deals for bigger purchases.
This is a decent chip shop with a pretty good sit-in menu. My complaint is that my server seemed to have very little interest in providing a high quality service experience. Her attitude was very grumpy and uninterested. Maybe she was having a bad day but I certainly didn't leave a tip.
I was impressed with everything. Fantastic variety. I haven't gone to all the buffets but this is the best i've gone to and great deal $22/brunch and unlimited Champagne. That deserves 5 stars to me.
The burger I had was fairly decent, but the service and server Renia was amazing.  Best time I have ever had watching Major League Lacrosse!
Wish I could give 0 stars. Burger was barely edible and I could not eat the Asian chicken salad because the sauce was so goopy and disgusting. In addition, the waitress was missing half her clothes and half her brain
Food was excellent, service was good will come back. The only negative item was for some reason all the TVs has to be on the football game and playing loud hard to have a conversation.
Small neighborhood sushi joint.  Everyone there was very friendly.  The food was typical.  We tried the double-D roll (soft shell crab with cream cheese, eel, avocado).   The soft shell crab was already cold and soggy by the time it was brought to our table.   The rest of of the meal was ok.
Would give it a neg star if I could worst food and service ever
Great new place in town to get a good coffee.  Staff are all super-friendly, and they get to know you after just a few times through.  The menu has a lot of variety, and there are frequent deals, including \"double-stamp Tuesday\".  Give it a try!
Very friendly environment but really slow on the service to bring check, Togo boxes and water. Other than that the food was great and the food came out in a timely manner. The bread sticks where perfectly baked and season. And they have a great deal on the entrees.
I was excited to try this place, but sadly i did not get a chance. They advertise that they deliver, but apparently only on busy days, don't know which day that is. Very disappointed.
They have fountain cool-aid and funky names for the sandwiches! I went out of my why to try this joint out. it's good and I was cracking up at the cashier and her blood shot eyes! lol
My favorite place to have drinks in all of Town Square. This warm & inviting place has ambiance, great appetizers and a phenomenal wine & cocktail menu. Friendly bar tenders, exceptional customer service & a nice outdoor patio with a center fire pit.
I would give y'all 4 stars only if y'all had iPod dock. Just saiyng.... It would be nice to have some tunes in my room. We are not in the 20th century get with it. Decent pool to work on your tan but not for partying. Earl of sandwich is the bomb!
If I could give them 0 stars I WOULD.\nTried talking to a worker on the phone to see if they sold a certain item I wanted, \nHUNG UP ON ME. \nCouldn't even imagine how they are in person.
Loved this place! I went here with my boyfriend for our first time and we just loved it here!
The best of uptown and Arcadia Vigs. It has awesome indoor, indoor/outdoor and outdoor areas. I love the turkey cranberry sandwich. Great HH or lunch spot. Great location right next to Cibo.
I had the roast beef sandwich. It wasn't worth $18. It came with the frys that everyone is raving about. There are better places to get a roast beef sandwich.
Cool little place in South End. I had some good breakfast sandwiches and snacks. \n\nOnly downside is the douche bag attitude of the people at the deli counter.
Called around and no one could beat this places offer. Quick service and phone looks like brand new. Will go again if I have too (hope I don't have to). They have my business going forward with my products. Thanks and keep it up.
I would definitely stay here again.  The location was perfect.  Close to the university and State Street.  Free Parking.  Staff was very helpful and friendly.  Breakfast (if part of your rate) was very good.  I don't think I want to stay anywhere else, when in Madison.
Always great service here. Conveniently located on my commute to work. I love their punch card and their text deals. I always get their caramelizer in freeze form, my favorite.
We hosted a customer dinner event here last week.  We had a group of 30 and our dinner was excellent.  Service and food was outstanding.
Very good food! Mr Beijing noodles and lettuce wraps were great.
Great, authentic Northeastern Thai Food! Careful on the spiciness! Yes, they do have a great Khao Soi!
Best presentation of sushi in the Waterloo region.  Each dish looks like art work.  Decor is unusual, though, it looks more like a nightclub.  They make the best seaweed salad.  Wishing them the best and here to stay.
Awesome, Delicious, Yummy...!! No words to explain....!! Excellent Service...!!\nEspecially by Louis. Worthy place to enjoy your anniversary. Scenic view of the Phoenix city...!!
Horrible customer service..Fernando the manager makes excuses why employees not doing their job..offered no reason why my truck sat for 30 min while no one worked on the detailing. Never take your vehicle here!!
Room = 5 Stars\n\n\nService = 2 Stars\n\n      The service here is hit or miss.  I don't expect a mega resort to deliver\n      consistently spectacular service but this place has some unhappy \n      employees.  I experience much better, happier, and consistent \n      people at the Wynn.
Curry and tom yum kai soup were superb.
I don't know which was worse.....the prices or the customer service. This place is expensive for the quality of what comes out. The staff was rude and very short. I will not be going back!
Lines at TSA PreCheck is short. Love it.
Cox by far has the worst customer service of any company in Las Vegas, bar none.  They just do not care about customers after they sell them, their sales lines are always available, you will get a human in some part of the world within seconds.  Not so after you are a customer.
Four stars only because of the sushi, which was very good for a buffet. Generous amounts of fish and no need to order just pick it up. The rest of the food was mediocre. I would go back for sushi especially around lunch. All you can eat sushi for around ten dollars.  Can't beat it
I've booked my room here for years and have always loved it. Unfortunately on our last visit money was stolen from the room and we experienced horrible to nearly non existent costumer service after reporting the issue.  We were very disappointed and will no longer use this specific location.
Husband got me a red velvet cupcake from here. I thought it was the worst red velvet cupcake I've ever had. Tasted more like a yellow cake with the cream cheese frosting on top. The frosting wasn't all that great either.
Great neighborhood joint.  Decent menu.  It can get crowded on Friday and Saturday evenings with long waits.  Great place to watch a game or down a few cold ones.  Service is OK (not bad, but not great).
Such a great atmosphere, unfortunately the nachos were not piled high with adequate toppings.  Totally should have ordered the table side guacamole.
I've expect more from this joint !\nYou can't compare with any other US joint
All time favorite!! Best pho. I have tried pho from many restaurants in Madison, nothing can compare to Saigon Noodles. Sad that I have moved too far, but first thing I want to eat when I am in town is pho here.
Coyotes fans do not support 18 Degrees Neighborhood Grill. Tonight members of our pack were told to quit cheering for the Yotes because they're leaving to Quebec. When she argued backed, she was called a bi**h and told to leave. How can you call your self home of the Coyotes viewing party?
Had the steak n salmon.great. ..Loaded mashed potatoes, not so much.bartender was nice.atmosphere was nice.
Veggie burger and onion rings. Good choice!
This is a nice park close to where I live and work they have a track where you can run on or do laps they also have a dog area where you can walk your dog and a nice basketball court which is the main reason I come here most of the time overall this is one of the few good parks out here in vegas.
Nice cigar lounge.  Very good selections of spirits.  And cigar selection is small and pricey.   Nice quiet place to relax.
Very friendly & attentive staff. Service with a smile. Helpful in recommending a good drink. Quick service. Delicious food! Opens for lunch at 11:30a. A little overpriced on some dishes. Our server, for the second time now, was Caesar. He is always very friendly, helpful and funny.
As suggested, we tried the Cal Italia.  It truly was worth all the recommendations.  Absolutely loved the pizza and the appetizer meatballs were the perfect compliment.  Cool atmosphere, great location downtown, accommodating service and food very much worth coming back for.  Which we will be doing soon!
Never very helpful. Always a super long wait. You wait and wait and wait and they acr like they are doing you a favor by helping you. They want to sell you all kinds of extra stuff. Wish I was anywhere else
Orange Blossom. Several of them. \n\nI love everything about this bar - friendly staff, 30+ craft brews on tap (plus 100s of bottles you can buy), and the food looks good too!
I expected more from Paris hotel to be honest. Some of the meat was dry, staff was pretty unorganized and most of the time unhelpful and not friendly. Food variety was pretty limited as well. The only highlight were the macaroons at the desert station which were out of this word!
Excellent service coupled with excellent food quality, taste and portion. Newer style Mexican menu with some classic tastes as well. Pros good food, great service. Cons tight dining room, limited parking in the garage but the valet service was top notch and very helpful, fee for valet plus tip, FYI.
So many great places to eat in Las Vegas, let alone just inside the Venetian and Palazzo hotels, and this is not one of them. For a casual sit-down place this would not be my restaurant of choice. \n\nWe were left feeling very disappointed.
First time eating here.  I've always heard good things.  Had the bun with egg rolls and charbroiled pork (i think #26).  I was very pleased, although i was a bit bummed they don't serve beer. oh well. Next time, gonna try the pho.
Good sized range and a fairly cheap price. Kinda wish I could get an annual membership here. Pace of shooting is a little bit slower due to it being a public shared range of large size (necessary). They also sell paper targets at a very reasonable price.
The service level and attitude of the staff was diabolical, they demonstrated absolutely no interest in our business. Ever since moving to the new premises, things have sucked. I shall not be wasting any more of my time or money here.
Great place, great beer selection, amazing decor, beautiful patio area, cool looking smoking area.
Fun atmosphere.  Foods pretty good.  Live music was nice.  Will definitely be back.
My wife and I love troy. Troy is a great handyman extremely polite and very honest. I trust him completely and would recommend him to anyone.
Delicious barbecue reminiscent of states down south. Smoked in house with a selection of house-made sauces diverse and delicious enough to please anyone. While other places think BBQ ends at slow-cooker pulled pork slopped on a bun with FMV sauce, this place knows what real BBQ is.
Good work, fair prices, friendly people.
New owners decided to eliminate the Senior Rewards Card in favor of a new and very lame \"reward\": 3 visits earns $5.00!!! Wow!!! I am underwhelmed. Won't be dining at Elephant Bar ever again. Smart move!
Wait staff is completely lacking. Service is so sub par that the clientele is more likely to fall asleep then to be accommodated.
The grub experience was better before the takeover/makeover...but it is a very nice place to snag a drink at the little bar.  I'd go back for a bar lunch by myself.
Desserts looked good, but we opted for crepes instead. The croissant ($3) was good but the capuccino ($4) was okay.
in one word, GHETTO came to my mind as I walked the casino floor.  I've never stayed here, but I've always have been enticed by the cheap prices on Vegas.com, but I'm glad I scouted the place.  I'd rather stay at LVH up the block.
Charlie's is truly a despicable establishment. They are sexist and will steal your money.
Buffet for dirt cheap. What more can I say? You get what you paid for.
I love this place! I stop by every week.  love there espresso, smoothies, and breaky burritos. Super friendly staff!
Tony was rude to me and his employees when I was there. If he was the only person I had dealt with it would have been 1 star. The woman that initially helped me brought it up a bit because she was very nice.
Love their spicy black bean dip and their black bean and pineapple quesadilla... mmmm can't get enough of their black bean.
Average sushi.  Young crowd.  Good happy hour.  Much better sushi can be had elsewhere, but it can be quite the swinging scene if you are into that sort of thing.  I used to come here when I was in college if that tells you anything...
Fresh chips even at 4pm.... lunch menu also at 4 pm. Service is satisfactory for the lunch menu orice. For ex: ordered soda and water only soda came. but that's ok. It was only 7. 02 for 3 tacos fresh chips nd salsa also beans nd rice. Can't beat it
Rudy's Rocks! Best Mexican Cuisine,,, street tacos are delicious!
Best gym ever. They have so much here its crazy. If you want a gym that more than just a \"gym\" come here. I have been with my personal trainer Max for a year and love it. \n\nI would highly recommend to anyone.
Eh.  More like 2 1/2.  It just wasn't what I am used to as far as \"Mexican\" or whatever the proper descriptor of this cuisine is.  The decor is kind of cool, but other than that I'm not sure it's worth the money.  Really, what is these days?
The pulled pork and bbq chicken was yummy. The sweet potato pie was a disappointment, tasted more like a lemon bar
Believe the reviews. Terrible customer service. Expect to wait at least an hour to checkin.... Don't be fooled by the cheap price. Pay the extra money and rent elsewhere.
The coke is $4 for a red plastic party cup. Enough said. I should've known though since this place was in Cosmo. The pizza was nothing special, and I felt like I could've gotten the same thing from dominos. It was soggy, greasy, and just meh flavored..
Awesome service and awesome prices, Work was done in quick and professional matter.....will defiantly use them again.
Once again I am hard on Breakfast spots. This place was pretty good they are not trying to reinvent the wheel. Coffee was good, food was good, service was above average. I will go back again but Hash House A Go Go is still my favorite outside a casino.
Rude, unprofessional.  Two males,  No attempt to greet us, or acknowledge we were in the store.  Plus we were the only customers in the store??  Wonder why they going out of business.   I decided to spent our money on a kid bedroom set next door to Ashley.  Best choice we made.
I have been going here for years.  I have always paid half price, but always get a great job.  Yes, once in awhile you need to advice them of a streaked window or missed spot, but they always fix it and have great customer service.  I will keep going there for sure.\n\nClaus Himself
I ordered chicken teriyaki and chicken was raw. :( I thought I found a Chinese food which I love, but nope.
Messy place located in a semi-basement establishment. Waited for 15 minutes BEFORE their closing time until someone came to us and told us that they're closing.\n\nI don't know, a simple closing sign or telling us a little earlier would've sufficed.
This airport is really nice! A lot shopping if you get stuck or bored. Food choices from fancy salads to BBQ. Sky Harbor is in my top 10 airports.
All locations need a serious facelift, always got me looking for bed bugs. I haven't had a good experience in several around town but some really bad ones. Avoid.
Pizza and salad were very good. I've never been to this location before so I was surprised that it was just a giant room. The restaurant was clean and the service was good. I will be going back to this PPP for more work pizza parties!
Love Love Love this place!  I have always wanted to try an In N Out burger, but living in the eastern part of the country that wasn't possible.  Finally my job brought me to Vegas where I was free to have my first Double Double!  Great place, very hectic and busy but a great vibe.
The girls are great, but their scheduling leaves a lot to be desired. Standing here at 7:45am and there's only 1 person working and 4 people in line.
The most amazing fish. I take all my colleagues in from out of town. Moriscos is an amazing \"hole in the wall\" secret. The fish smothered with plablano pepper is my favorite. An absolute winner.
Great job! They honored a $15 coupon from the internet and they work Sunday. I'll be back!
Poor service and food was disappointing.  Plus the bathrooms are cleaner at mcdonalds. Seriously...it was disgusting. One (of the two) sinks was missing the handles. Classy.
I guess I really just dont like buffets in this town.  The prime rib was so salty.  I would stay away just pay the extra money and hit the steak house.
this place has my favorite panang anywhere. The Thai coffee and sticky rice is good too!
Best curry dishes in town!
Ahhhh, Whole Paycheck...\n\nYou want me to buy a $13 piece of refrigerated lasagna, heat it up in a microwave, and then enjoy it in a plastic booth in front of a bunch of cash registers.  That says it all...
What a great little bakery! $11 for a soda with a sandwich and pasta salad and a coconut chocolate cookie! It was delicious, and comfortable, and filling, and... delicious!!!! Definitely check it out!
Really cool old-school lounge with an interesting mix of people.  Came here for karaoke on a Saturday night and had a great time!  The chairs are big and comfy.  If it weren't for all the smoke, I'd give it 5 stars, but that's Vegas for you....
I have been going to this gym on and off since 2009 I think. Throughout all this time it has maintained its updated and clean look. They have all the necessary tools to get in shape, the management team is great! Highly recommended place :)
I brought 4 pairs of dress shoes here that I thought were dead forever and Mike's brought them back to life !! Very reasonable pricing and work done very fast. Best shoe repair in Vegas
Love this store. Not only is it full of great stuff, but the staff is always helpful!
Decent hair cut for men's, too,
Bad service. The Guy that runs the store is a ass hole. They gave me one discounted price over the phone and when I got there the boss said no. Save your money and shop some where else.
Great place to do Karaoke (available every night). \n\nThey also have another full bar \"outside\" where you can smoke, play pool, darts, etc...\n\nDecent grub and stiff drinks.\n\nGets really busy on the weekends.
Worst place. Staff is horrible and rude. Always rescheduling me.
Wow... this place is expensive!! Everything that you can purchase here, is available on Amazon for half price if not less. This location is nicely kempt but finding employees to help you or even just spotting one is like hunting the elusive yeti.
Taco salad...on le iceberg letters three pieces of chicken for $6.95? We are not coming back to this restaurant.
Went here when they were having a 40% off sale, and they had a good selection of colors, sizes, and styles of purses. Service was friendly, and I picked up a cute cross-body purse at a fraction of the original price.
When I went, we made a reservation and had a great view. The food was some of the best I've ever had and the service was excellent. I will definitely be back.
A little too pricey sandwich-wise, but it was good.
This place basically has everything! Ice cream, gelato, coffee, pastry, sandwhichs nice lil spot sit n enjoy.. also unique lobby. I was sick this past week I went there to see if they had hot tea w/ honey they have that also! What a lifesaver..
Baked goods lover and cupcake enthusiast here. I will not rate a cupcake place down for being a bit pricey or the idea being silly. Okay, we clear? These are uninspired cupcakes, full stop. Dry cake, sugary frosting and a texture you'd make from the box at home.
I was disappointed by the limited selection available when I went in on a Saturday afternoon, but those that were available were amazing. The apple fritter ... simply the best I've ever had!
Should have just gambled for my beer.\n\nIts a great spot to meet people as its right near the front door/desk area.  Other than that, at $7 for an IPA, I would rather have hit the tables and tried my luck for free drinks.
This place lives up to every expectation I have of Thomas Keller.  Simple food done extremely well.  Excellent service, beautiful restaurant and every dish was the best I've ever tasted.  Truly exceptional.
This is a tiny dine in restaurant.   So I would not go with a large group.   \n\nThe typical Thai curries are served,  red and green.   They offer nice lunch specials.   The service is nice and timely.
Delicious food, love the $6 tasty cocktails! Always a fun place to take visitors and friends.
The front desk staff may be the dumbest group I have encountered in all my travels; lost packages that were left for me at the front desk, trouble figuring out  my bill, not helpful in finding local spots/activities, and more non-sense!
Loved the cranberry turkey sandwich. It was great and no one was there @ 10:30am so we had the place all to ourselves. I would've gave it 5 stars if the sub was bigger.
Average food and extremely overpriced appetizers and bar drinks. The owner is less than friendly especially if you have a problem. Live locally but will not consider this restaurant when we eat out.
Food is decent.  Portions good albeit pricing is too high for end result.  Service is horrible.  Been here 5-6 times, wrong food comes out, water not refilled, or takes too long for the check.
the mocha's just okay-bitter. bill came to \u00a36+ with 4 mini macaroons which were pretty good
Local store service mainly tacos and burritos.\nFresh made but not original Mexican style or flavor.\nGood for lunch break. Or late night snack.\nFriendly staff.
Got the peach pie. It was really good! Expensive though. The place was not crowded at all on a Monday afternoon.  Check out the shops to the right of the store too.
Love love this ultra. I get my eyebrows done there. They are amazing. My eyebrows are always perfectly shaped after!!!! They also give me makeup tips there!!
This place is so freaking slow.  I have been sitting at the window so long that I was able to download this app and write a bad review.  I'm rounding 10 minutes. This is slow food,  not fast food.
Don't come here expecting a 5 star experience. This buffet is average at best. When I say average I mean that it's good but not great. They do offer unlimited momosas and/or champagne on Sundays. You can never go wrong with that!
The room is pretty nice and clean - can't find anything wrong with it. Love the architecture as well.
As it promises this is one of the best places in Vegas to stay. Awesome pools with parks  that make each of them more private. Really clean, modern and very good service. The food also amazing and the ice cream bar is one of the best ice creams I tried in America.  Will come back if possible!
Ordered the Sicilian special.  Worst I ever ate.  Majority of pizza was tomato soaked dough.  Something tasted stale on the toppings.  Disgusting!!!  This place was actually recommended. Lol what a joke!
I went here after an event last weekend. The service was friendly and the food was plentiful. I gave it three stars, because there's nothing exciting to rave. I'll go back again the next time I am in Town Square, since it's consistently delivers.
i think my server was on something(and didn't share with us). the animal fries were pretty decent and we really enjoyed the grilled cheese. overall i would recommend the restaurant, and the ambiance is really precious.
Definitely not worth it for the price.
If you own a cell phone and want to use it do not stay here. From ten steps in zippo signal.
Stumbled upon Triple B Garage Door while researching another company, here on Yelp. So glad I did! Called in the morning, they were out the same afternoon. The price they quoted me over the phone was exactly what I was charged. I will be recommending them to my friends, family and neighbors.
Limited buffet items and they did't taste good at all. Its very expensive compared to others Indian restaurants in Charlotte.
Great new location. I am excited they moved closer to us. Always the best sandwiches in Surprise.
Sometimesyoy get more than what you pay for--that sums it up in a nutshell. The rolls are buttery goodness. My sister and I sat in one of the wood bench rooms and ate to our heart's content.  It's simple, expected , and friendly enough to make you want to give them more business.
After shopping at a couple of different Targets lately (San Bruno, CA, Indian Bend and W Agua Fria Pkwy), I've come to really appreciate this one on FLW. The lines are usually long, but it's something I'm willing to deal with if that means a cleaner and more organized store.
came here for a quick drink before a flight. It was ok people were friendly and service was fast..
Doors locked, no furniture inside.  Apparently out of business.
Expensive but very good food.
Worst experience ever in a restaurant. Horrible food. Bad service. Worst possible atmosphere. 45 mins to cook pancakes and eggs? We were the only customers! No, thank you, but no. Negative stars!
Lazy incompetent staff.  Try St. Rose urgent care Henderson 2 blocks away.
Awesome place for healthy food!
Love the office, doctor is fantastic and so is the rest of the staff...fantastic customer service!
Worst Dunkin' Donuts I've been to, but it is very close to where I live. I would not get anything other than a donut and coffee here, the bagels and sandwiches are horrible!
Apparently, they also raised the prices for the nachos $1.30 and now they \"limit\" salsa you get. Now, it's just wrong.  They tell you that they cannot give containers for salsa to go? I don't know if I will be returning quite often.
It was good!
They treat us like family! We eat there often. The kids love it as much as mom and dad
I came.  I tried to use the Automated Postage Center.  It failed.  The line was 20 deep.  I left.  I'll head back to Rose Garden next time.
TAO Beach: A Haiku\n\nDouches everywhere.\nWater yellow as the sun.\nBeach ball to your face.
If you want a GIANT milkshare in a variety of flavors- this is the place to go. The food was cooked well and the staff was friendly. Next time I feel like cheating on my diet, this place is definitely an option.
A Pizza place that DOESNT deliver. false advertisement. enough said
Gorgeous Casino & Hotel.  Lots of great food places here.
This place is great! Tons of options, super clean, and the staff is really friendly! The menu and concept  can be a little overwhelming for the first time customer so the staff is amazing in walking you through everything and explaining. We will be back for sure!
They were very friendly and helpful. I was pleased with my experience.
The pizza is pretty good, and the prices are decent. I've ordered from them several times. However, the pizza never seems to be cooked fully through, it's always thin and doughy in the middle.
Not a fan of this place, it's alright but def. doesn't compare to L&L even though they are pretty much copying everything. The macaroni salad tastes terrible! Meat is really overcooked and doesn't have good flavor. Would recommend going somewhere else.
Expensive and overrated. Only thing cool about this place is its vast and expansive beer menu in an ipad.\n\nfoodwise. Nothing is appealing. Not coming back.
This is a refurbished motel that is clean, safe and upgraded. Nice bang for the buck.
I love Verde! I've been coming here since the day they opened and will never go anywhere else. They use all organic hair products including the hair color andy hair has never felt so good. Everyone is super friendly too!
Food was ok. Large portions. Employees there were rude and everyone in line felt very rushed to order (Wasn't even busy). Also place didn't seem very clean.
As unique as it gets in our parts.  I had the carne asada tacos and the barbacua tacos, both on soft corn shells of course.  I was the only non-Spanish speaking patron in the joint at the time but ordering was not difficult.  Very tasty, clean, fresh, and cheap!
Cheap gas but the location isn't close to anything and it had one of the most disgusting bathrooms ever known to mankind.
Great sales and a staff that's not too stuck up makes this an above average A&F
Have had 3 facials here and all of them have been amazing. They are very good about customizing the facial to meet your skin's needs. My best facial was with Amanda.
The food is okay, the service is alright and the beer selection is decent. I come here every now and then because a good portion of my friends are hipsters and they all tend to congregate at Casey's.The parking lot can be a pain at times but other than that, no real complaints.
I did pedicure and gel with my hand nails. The best experience that I've never had. Cate is a very friendly and wonderful nail artist. I'm happy with how it turned out, cannot wait to show my beautiful nail on Monday.
It's a fun place to go with a big group of friends. With indoor and outdoor bar seating I really enjoy sitting back on the patio. The blood orange margarita is my most preferable drink. The food there is decent. The service is as well.
This place is FABULOUS.  Cheap prices especially for lunch and always good food.
Lights Club was amazing music was whatever but the visuals and the dancers made it so awesome
Tacos had no flavor! Couldn't even finish them!!!! Came here because I had seen this spot on the food channel \"diners, drive-ins and dives\" with Guy Fieri, do no recommend this place!
Just had their special 2 slices of cheese and a soda! Very big slices nice and thin and crispy! Very good!
I can't believe people wait 90 minutes to eat here. Maybe it was just an off day but I was disappointed. Bad service and bad food. If you can't cook eggs correctly, than you have no business serving breakfast.
Ok this was a great place to go for good food and not horribly expensive food.  The wait staff were pleasant and the food was great.  I'm happy that I didnt have the same problems others seem to have with how busy it was.
The Friday Night Fish Fry is pretty gross, actually. There are much better places to go for that. I'm not a fan of their beers, either. It's probably a fine spot for an end of night drink and something to soak up the beer in your belly before you make your way home.
This restaurant is fantastic.\n\nFood is authentic, decently priced and totally delicious. The staff is very nice and helpful if you don't know anything about Peruvian food.\n\nUnfortunately it is very far from the strip in the hood, so a cab may be pricey if you are visiting.
I gave it three stars ONLY because it was tough to understand where to go. Its a call center and I kept seeing people flash badges to get in so it confused me and I didn't know where to go. Finally after driving around I found three small spots labeled guests parking. Service was good and repair looks great though!
Food was ok. Didn't leave any strong impression. We went there when it wasn't so busy. We had an old male manager serving us. He left a great impression on us just because he was so friendly and took care everything.
Only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is the wait time..Great fresh food but slow to get the order out. Great otherwise! :)
Been here for a $9.99 oil change four times and have been charged four different amounts all the times! They have no idea why and I even showed them the receipts!
Nice decor, good bagel, terrible service. 50 minutes to get 2 toasted bagels and a check.
I went there in December, 2012 with a friend. Great food and nice service. I will definitely go back!
Very shady.   Double charged my card.   I would highly suggest using another service.
Fast food and not good for you at all.\nThe cashier was friendly but the food was not very good.
Great meal carpaccio was delicious, steak was cooked perfectly and juicy and duck two ways was superb. One of the best creme brule desserts and you can not beat the view it is a lovely dining experience. It is expensive, but food and service are worth it.
Cold beers n great ambiance.  The fish tacos ARE THE BEST IN AZ !!!!
One of my favorite Airports to be lay-overed in. Wide selection of restaurants to grab a bite and the lay out is very simple.
I love their 5 dollar chicken katsu and teriyaki chicken specials!\n\nEDIT : This special no longer exists here..not as good a deal as it used to be =p  reduced to 2 stars due to a big loss of value
This place is just an over priced subway. 25.00 for two subs and drinks! Ahhh! GET REAL!!!
Bad bad service at least for us.  Pretty bad. Wont go back. For a newly opened place you would think they would try a bit harder.
Food was great, service was beyond slow. Took 45 mins to get entr\u00e9e and the place was dead. I'll get takeout if there is a next time.
Very pricy, food isn't very memorable.  Basic Italian meal with nothing to rave about.  Atmosphere seemed slapped together in a few days and dose not at all reflect the pricing on the menu or service.
Having limited options in Uptown I gave this place a few chances.  It's just not good.  I got some eel that wasn't fresh and I haven't been able to eat eel since.  I also think their miso soup is actually chicken broth with some miso tossed in.
Absolute let-down. Carrot cake was dry.  Salad choices are more limited than subway.  Service is just so-so.  Definitely skip this one.
There's almost always never a wait.  Staff is attentive and friendly.  My nails always look nice because of them!
Had the pulled pork and it tasted as though it'd been reheated from another pork project on the menu and made to be a pulled pork sandwich. Quite filling though!\n\nSubpar service, decent beer.
Just ok.  Went in with coworkers. Good vibe, decent band, and fun crowd.  Ordered a few appetizers; steak bites and wings.  Flavorless!  Ever salt chicken wings!  If you go here,  have a cocktail, listen to tunes, and skip the food!
I hat the pepper and pork stew, it was fantastic, and very filling. Along with the stew I also had the creamy corm Polenta it was absolutely great. It had a nice atmosphere and some unusual architectural design. \nGive it a try.
This place closed down and now I think it is some sort of biker themed bar/grill.  Haven't been to the new place yet.
This place is closed...says there will be a family Italian place going in.
I really wanted to like this place.  It's not to far and they are opening a location right near my house.  The quality of the food and the restaurant management is just not up to par.  It was not even good at all.  I look for this restaurant to improve significantly before opening its Desert Ridge location.
Ordered sweet and sour chicken and pork fried rice.  Neither was good, we threw it out.  My husband did like the egg drop soup.
Marketing-only:  greenwash and healthy-washed, really just a lackluster meal with a hefty pricetag that isn't that green or healthy.  Styrofoam cup anyone???
I wanted to like it - but yeah, it was a meh experience.  Went for an early dinner so had a sandwich and fries and yeah - nothing special.  Not a place I need to go back to.
Just like any place you always have to check back to see what is new. I would say that a place called A Second Look is much better on 32nd Street and Shea.
Tuna tartar tacos and abc burger are delicious.
Receptionist was extremely vague in available times for a blowout and was unprofessional-gave the impression that the facility did not want to work past a certain time. Could be that facility did not have enough stylists which in effect, means it is likely not prepared to provide convenient services for women.
Great food.  Seated quickly.  Sat in lounge which was kind of 70s.  Had a beef taco and cheese enchilada special for $5.99 which were fantastic.  Beef taco was the best. Definitely would visit again.
$15 for summer rate?! \nGreat golf course. What you imagine about desert golf is here. \nJust bring lots of water or gatorade to stay hydrated. Maybe even a wet towel, ice and water to keep yourself cool.
Good in the past...new owner!  Ordered my usual cheese & pepperoni.  Was too thin, almost cheese less.  Was like a cheap frozen store brand pizza, not sure which is better!  Chef Darrell, Le Cordon Bleu trained, apparently not in pizza.
Love your pizza but the service is BAD.  Management needs to keep an eye on the service.  There are a thousand pizza places in the valley and when dining in service is important.
Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it, but it's true.
I stopped in for a quick bite at lunchtime. The server was fast, friendly, and very professional! My squid & seaweed salads came out fast. I highly recommend this place. Only downside was parking but that's to be expected downtown.
They pair chocholate with everything edible.  The chocholates are very good.  One star off for being super expensive.
The Jerk Tofu salad was delicious and I left feeling satisfied and healthy. Prices were very reasonable. I wish there was a restaurant like Green in my area!!
Very friendly prompt very knowledgeable in his work clean very honest  handyman. Definitely will call you back when needed.\n\nThank you for your time and Hard work Chris.\nSal
The guy is a condescending jerk and thinks he owns the world he thinks he's the best at what he does and I think he is probably the worst in fact I don't think I've been treated so bad by anybody in my life
Finally the state is filing a lawsuit about their solicitation practices!  \n\nhttp://www.azcentral.com/community/tempe/articles/2011/07/13/20110713tempe-ac-lawsuit-abrk.html
Great, loved it! Has a good selection of Korean food. Sushi is average though. Great service.
The hotel is not GREAT but it's not bad either. It's a 3 out of 5---\nThe rooms are slightly run down, no Internet access in 2013???
Food is good. Great eating outside in summer. Been there at least 20 times, had only one so so experience.
poor clean dinning area. ..\nworking ladies just in the kitchen en el chisme n don't try cleaning not even 1 table outside. ..
Tried this place for the first time today. I tried the 2 meat combo platter. Had the  Bulgogi (Beef) &  Daeji gogi (Spicy Pork) with steamed rice. DELISH !!!\nWill definitely be back.
Positives:\n+outdoor patio/alley\n+cheese and fruit plate\n+pork entree\n\nNegatives:\n-tight trendy inside of restaurant\n-average salads\n-bad parking situation
Update: came here for lunch with a group of 6. Ordered and still waiting for our food after an hour. Waitress was not polite at all.
Great club over the years but new guy at the front is a dick and won't let anyone in. Even with VIP and bottle service we payed for.
Little Las Vegas with all their cultural imitation crap, except without the fun.
Really delish sandwiches, with good balance of flavors and ingredients/bread ratio. It was too big for me to eat alone, so I split one with my bf and we had a salad as well. Super fresh tasting, with a great combo of crispiness and gooeyness.
Drinks were good and reasonable....Meal was good but hate it when everything is a   \"side.\"  Good Steak but was disappointed in the chile mac'n'cheese.  Good service and a nice place.
Wicked tasty! Meatballs for appetizers were awesome. Then two different pizzas.... Thumbs up!
Very Peaceful area to camp. My family has enjoyed time here every year for the last 5 years. The water looks beautiful from the west campground. The sites have gorgeous views of the mountains, boats, and wilderness.
Friendly and knowledgable servers, great food, music and ambiance. Do not be put off by the mostly fish menu, it's super fresh and you can try something new. Good prices and great fun.
Love this place, its one of my fave places to eat at in Vegas! I always get the Ramen bowl; can't go wrong with it. This restaurant is for people with an acquired taste in food, so it's not for everyone - just to give you a heads up; but so far so good in my book. :)
Fun food and very tasty.  Would go again for sure.  Great beer as well.  Unique
This place must be good to survive in Lake Las Vega - Ivan was an excellent server and the food was above average ... Happy hour was a good value ($3 drafts) .... Not quite worth the drive from Red Rock but if you find yourself here it's a solid choice.
I agree with the posting that reported very high sodium and other not so good nutritional components to their meals. At first glance this seemed as if it would be a great, fast option to cooking, but not so. Expensive and usually not organic. Fruit with pesticides are not on my choice list.
The food was juicy and delicious... I got the Asian spiced steak and the fun thing was to eat it with the sticks. The mood was really good. I have been in better places, though, also with better prices.
Drove 37 miles on a Saturday at 12:30pm for lunch.... to find the place CLOSED! \nNOT HAPPY !!!!
I have to say that I love the area here . We can go eat then just go upstairs and watch a movie . But man the service at the theatre is really bad , also it's dirty most of the time . I now change to the galaxy movie theatre at Henderson . Better seating better food and definitely better service.
I will give two stars because server was cool.  Food, not great.  Sliders I had were so hard that I couldnt even chew on them.  Meat inside was dry, and texture was bad.  Also the wings were not even close to be what they should be.  Few of them were cold and mushy.  Not impressed at all.
If I could give this club a zero I would. Horrible experience. Held the line for so long it's ridiculous. Rather spend my money somewhere else.  \nPlenty of great places to go to in Vegas and this is not one of them.  Only come here if you get bottle service.
Really slow service, despite lots of servers standing around. Burgers were ok, but better at the Public House
We love their food! Service is ok but the food is amazing!!
Awesome place to go and feel relaxed. We went on a Saturday night and there was awesome live music! I would highly recommend the tri-tip nachos!!! We have already been 3 times since it opened.
This an average tasting, smaller portion and higher price chinese place.  Disappointed as it is in a nice location and we really don't have very good chinese places in the area but the search continues.
Had an awesome time on the patio!  Great service...Garrick knows his beer and how to pair it!  Awesome food!  Awesome atmosphere!  AND awesome beers!  Definately my new spot for casual fun!
BEST Sushi I have had in a VERY long time!!! Love the atmosphere as well. I would highly recommend going here :)
I thought this place wasnt that good...the foods doesnt have any flavor and the dim sum we had were old and it tasted like it was heated up from the microwave!!  Expensive and no worst it!!
Indeed, this location is now called \"Mum's Great Comfort Food\", while the original Monster Mash has moved just down the street - same people, practically the same food, except you can get steak there now too. ....Steak!
Pay over 100 per night and still expect me to pay $10 bucks to park? Not again! Decent rooms, but not much different than a $60 room in a Days Inn
Great show! So much talent in one room. We sat a little high up but I don't think there's a bad seat in the house
Very helpful and informational. First time buyer thank you so much. Will be back.
Total pain in the ass
Standard airport.  The reason I give it 5 stars...There's never a line at security when I go!  Luckily i guess being a local i'm flying opposite traffic usually.  But either way they are fairly efficient and everything seems to flow.  There is some construction and it seems to be growing in size.
Wanted to try something new in Tempe and was extremely happy with this place! The food is awesome, the ambiance is cool and the staff is very helpful and friendly! I think I just found my new favorite spot in tempe!
One of our favorite places to gamble when in Vegas. Nothing spectacular but thats why we like it. \nRoulette tables are usually good too us and you can tell they are trying to make some updates. Never stood in the rooms so don't know whats going on in that department.
I don't get the positive reviews. Close to $7.00 with tax for a mediocre normal sized carne asada burrito. If the burrito was $4.50 it would be reasonable. It was Super in name only, only a Super fail.  Extra star for the hot sauces that I liked.
Cool little place! Good food, good service, very nice people! The spicy fried rice was delicious. Will definitely be going back
Always great food and services here. Always come back. Big fan of the salad and cheese fondue. Love it
It's a national chain so you pretty much get what you'd expect. I have never had problems with the service and the food is always good.
We just moved into an older home that had some pretty extensive mold damage. We called Moldex to come out and remove the mold and repair damage.  They did an amazing job. They were completely professional and their drywall work was perfect. I can't even tell that there was ever a problem. Great Job!
If you are looking for a professional realtor, look no further.  Harvey will be honest and upfront about your real estate needs.  He works for you and has your best interest in mind for your situation whether purchasing or selling.
A year later my tattoo is still absolutely gorgeous and gets compliments everywhere I go. It's as dark and clear as when I first got it. Thank you Bumper! I hope to come see you for my next piece.
I dunno...  overrrated.  \n\nCall me crazy, but the cupcakes were a bit dry.  Give me a Duncan Hines cake mix cupcake any day over these.  But, they were pretty to look at!  :)
University Animal Hospital has provided the best care for our fur kids! The compassion, knowledge, and expertise that both Dr. Ware and Dr. Koch have shown in caring for our girls is amazing. I wouldn't trust anyone else in caring for our pups!
Its a salad buffet....thats it! It's boring.  It's clean, good service, but its not exciting.
Such a delicious little gem in the heart of the plateau...Apart from the high prices, everything else is totally yummy here! mmmmm give it a try! (but I've heard that the \"duck-in-a-can\" isn't all that great so maybe stay away from that!)
Not the best to be honest. Owners kid running all over the place, I know he is a kid, but I'm trying to stuff my face over here.. I guess I had the wrong thing, but garlic chicken should not be so hard. Not the worst I've ever had but not the best either..
Steak salad was blah.. tough steak and warm cherry tomatoes.\n\nFriend had a smoothie and it was warm too...\n\nIt is pricey too.
I went to eat there yesterday, it was bad!,,, food is dry, it is not worth it for the price, I remember 3years ago this was a great place to eat. I would say not good...
The food is good.... And by food i mean crab legs of course! The service SUCKS :( i mean really really sucks! Bummer because the AYCE crab legs are a great deal... Go to oyster bar @ sunset station for fantastic seafood and great service!
By far my favorite place to dine in Vegas. Seating is limited and you have to wait but the pan roast makes it well worth it... I can't remember the last Vegas trip without having the pan roast at least once....
Eric did a incredible job on detailing my car!  It was such a mess both inside and out.  He made my car look BRAND NEW!  He is very meticulous and would definitely recommend him for a professional and detailed job!!
Lucky Foos has amazing food and the service was superior. I would recommend going for their happy hour so you can try many items.
I really like Nick's. It is good, honest food at really good prices. It is not as polished as some of the chain's around Surprise, and that is precisely it's appeal. Try one of the omelettes for breakfast. They also have an extremely varied menu for lunch/dinner.
SO SHIT. SUCH a scene. never going again. Waste of $20 cover. TOO\nMUCH HOUSE.
Sandwiches are great and I've had really nice customer service each time I've visited.
The cheesesteaks weren't very good! Signature menu item should be stellar. Service was good, food came out quick and the sweet potato fries were amazing. Don't think I would go back though.
I guess if you don't plan to be in your room that much it is a good value. With the name Imperial Palace there comes an expectation that you are in the lap of luxury.  But for these rates I guess you get what you pay for.
DO NOT hold any private events here. Rockin R Ranch apparently ignores noise ordinances, but is surrounded by residential areas. Loud music and other party noises means the police might show up to your event. Awful! Please stay away and spend your money somewhere else!!
Rooms were a bit dirty. Were given a new clean room and bill was adjusted..awesome views of the strip especially as the sun rises!
right by my house, spicy peanut and cheesy snake are amazing.
Terrible, terrible customer service. We wont be back.
Horrible! They made a mistake on our reservation and we now are stuck with out an RV for our spring break trip! Don't count on them if your trip is important!
The fried chicken is perfectly fried at Mrs. White's.  It's probably the best soul/southern food I've ever had!
This place is great but I dont think its open anymore.   It was closed for a few months due to fire or something.   Has it reopened?
Food was just OK.. Decent prices but your basically sitting in the middle of the shops and the food is comparable to Olive Garden... It's cheap but not really considering the poor quality of the meal. Definitely keep walking and look for an actually restaurant.. Sauce was bland and portions are very small.
I eat here at least twice a week. Always fast and delicious.
Dr. Corey and his staff a very professional and make you feel that the procedure your getting is no big deal.  Staff helped me with any questions I needed and always got back to me and everyone including doctor Corey look great they don't appear to have had any plastic surgery done.  To me this matters
Best cheese steaks I have had in Arizona yet! The fried pickles are really really good too!
Every time I go here something gets stolen.  First it was my friends purse, then the next time it was my friends jacket.   Last night it was my jacket along with my other friends jacket.   I have no idea what is going on here but everyone agrees this place is shady and at this point it seems too coincidental. Beware and good luck.
The driver, Daniel, was early to the pickup, so there was no pressure on the drive. He was courteous and helpful. I called other cabs to compare prices and they were by far the cheapest to the airport. Great value indeed!
I had a lawn mower break down in the middle of a big job, so I came here to buy another one. I was in and out in 15 minutes to get back to the job.
Horribly long lines, understaffed.  1 hr wait for pickup.  30min to return.  Will never rent from DOllar ever
Tried this place for the first time yesterday. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and asked if we had any questions. The recommendations were great as my wife and I tried the BBQ chicken salad, pulled pork sandwich and the honey bacon panini. All were great and we will definitely be back.
Thought my carnitas was on the dry side but the chips/salsa were delish and my strawberry marg was freaking strong.  It was really difficult to Christmas shop afterwards.
Best pizza in Scottsdale.  And friendly Italian owner to boot.
So despite my bad experience here, the owner did reach out to me after my review and offer to correct that problem with a free color.  I have since found someone I really like so didn't take her up on the offer, but a little bit of customer service can go a long way.
Amazing....hyper clean, friendly and very nice overall.  Plenty of relaxation and naked bodies for all.  If you have a naked phobia this might not be the place for you or stay upstairs. I'm a regular especially in the dry salt room!
amazing salsa bar, everything ive had here is delicious!
The food was absolutely amazing and the live band was the cherry on top!! What a great date place. This restaurant has such a nice ambience and we could not have asked for any more. And a special thank you to  Bridget L. for making our experience that much better!!
Excellent service & food.  It is my first choice for sushi.
All my friends and everyone at my work told me this place is awesome and the yelp reviews are awesome too but 45 minutes for a damn sandwich and I got the wrong sandwich...far from awesome
Use their fall heater tune up special. Very professional, punctual, perform check ups, patiently explain potential issues(things to look out). I like them. Plan to use them for my spring check up as well.
Nice staff and pretty views. I wish they had more to offer food wise in the c terminal.
Customers can't use the bathroom????? We pay your bills!!!! They ran out of bread last time I was here. Usually great food but.........
You can't beat the price, or the movie selection.our favorite drive-in by far!
Nothing special about this place - made me kinda sick after I ate here.  If you want mexican, this place just doesn't come close to good 'ol Taco Bell.
The line to check in is really long! Also we booked a king bed but got one queen bed! There was no hot water in the shower either. The location of this hotel is great though because it's in the middle of the strip so I liked that.
Authentic as it gets in AZ.\nHowever, small portions and very pricy.\nJust like back in Japan :p ... except we gotta tip and the tax rate is higher
The meals are expensive the portions are large, and the wait... Is excruciating! The 20+ minute wait and counting is making me very hangry!
Pretty nice hotel. Use the kiosks to check in for sure. Service was actually really friendly here. Some parts of the hotel are kind of ghetto but even in that part the rooms were nice. We also had a great view. Location is great and price was too.
Place was super nice! I must say, in the casino area, it didnt smell so bad. Normally when you go around the casino areas you sell smoke but here you barely smelled any cigerrette smell. Nice place to take pictures. never ending structures. definitely love the forum shop! when your in vegas must go to the forum shop!
I have been a regular at Malibu for 3 years but was very disappointed with my last visit.  They are under new management and would not honor my gift certificate. Also the smell of burning incense was overwhelming.
ottimo cibo, gamberi eccezionali, da lodare l originalit\u00e0 con cui vengono serviti! ! Quelli all aglio sono fenomenali, assolutamente da provare! !!
Cricket in my coffee. Service sucks. They say open at 7 but not \"ready\" to serve until 8. Do NOT recommend!!
here's a tip - they don't stock their shelves, so what's on display they might not have, and they often have discontinued items on display. lame.
I am appalled that you would publish a customer's phone number and address. This obviously shows your lack of professionalism. You just shot yourself in the foot because no one in their right mind would use your services after you posted a customer's information because you were angry. Wow!
Decent food, but the service is needlessly slow in the dining room. Wings are passable, not really big. Fans of the New England style \"Wings Over\" chain or Anchor Bar will be dissatisfied.  Good selection of sauces, but the hot brings only heat, no real spice flavor.
Not much to say, it's just another strip side place to eat.  \n\nFood was ok, charged 5$ for bacon on the deep fried burger, that pissed me off.  They have a mechanical bull inside, fun to watch..
Really - at these prices everything should not only be perfect, but service should be over the top.  It isn't.
50's Dinner decor\nVietnamese menu\nInteresting mix\nPho was good\nIce Vietnamese Coffee was good\nService was good\nBuhn mi OK, but I wouldn't buy it again here.
I dined here as part of a large party. While the filet mignon was well prepared it lacked seasoning. The gorgonzola sauce wasn't enough to give the steak flavor.
Best black bear restaurant out here.. Great food and service. I highly recommend it but just be prepared to wait some because it is always busy especially on weekends.
Hostesses - Yum\nTuna Tartare - Meh\nBone marrow - ok\nFoie gras - ok\nTruffle ball thing(forgot what i ordered) - Yum\nRib Eye - perfectly done.
Such a great find!  Great happy hour.  Loved the ceviche and the 3 generation tacos.  Plus great service too.  Will be back!
went last Sunday with a couple of friends. the food was horrible and the service was just ok........ chicken was dry and tasteless... will not go back
The pecan brittle is the crack! Ethel M is a little pricey but considering the quality and it being a tourist attraction, it's expected. \nThey have a wonderful Cactus Garden that you can stroll in after the Factory Tour.
This place is pretty good. Don't let the chipped paint on the walls make you think otherwise. All things considered, you get more bang for your buck at the newly opened Villas right next to the Verizon store in the same complex.
Best gas prices in Tega Cay.
I used to go 5 to 6 days a week. Since the store has been remolded. Made to be one of the largest stores in town. Please step up the service. Show a sense of urgency, we all have busy lives..we all don't have an extra 20 minutes to get are coffee in the morning.
Tried the California burger, it was good.  The fries can have added seasoning.  I added Parmesan Garlic.  Lots on tap, I don't think any tap repeats itself so if you want variety for beer, here's where it's at.
It was fine, the food was a little over priced and the music was blah. Should have been a little more Jazzy not so much a james taylor that had too many beers. All n all it was alright, would'nt go back in a hurry.
Great wine selection. Food is  unexpectedly tasty and not too expensive. We usually get apps to share and a bottle of wine but the main dishes are great too.  I have also gone there for lunch on several occasions and the specials are great and not expensive at all.  I can't believe people actually spend more money to go to McDonald's.
First poutine I've had in a long time. It was quick and I enjoyed it. If you want poutine and its 5:00AM this is the place for you. Late night, and delicious.
YUM! We ate at Barro's tonight. The pizza was good, staff was great and the restaurant was empty.  The only reason it didn't get 5 stars was because it was so dang cold in there.
Had dinner at BLT last night before the LOVE show. The food was just ok. Not somewhere I would go out of my way to eat at again.
Not as good as the Phoenix location.  But a nice alternative to zia for the east valley.
Fair is fair...I had to write this update as I recently got a smoking' deal on a dining set. Staff was very pleasant & accommodating, plus the store looks a bit better.  Still, guys...you need to clean up the back of the place...difficult to walk through and looks messy.
got a hair cut from Craig, and was one hundred percent satisfied with the cut and with the ambiance of the shop, very upscale and more than i expected.
Biggest let down since \"Yes We Can.\"  Not good when you leave depressed and with an empty wallet.  J.A. shouldn't get a pass for this. Low light: cheap tasting $12 margarita
By far worst hotel I've ever stayed at .... front desk lady cristina is rude unprofessional and not knowledgeable at all!!!!
I went there for lunch with a friend on a Wednesday. The service was bad (our server was hard to find and took forever for anything we asked). Food and atmosphere were not impressive. I would not go back again.
So I heard about this place for a long time as one of the best places in Charlotte. I got to say that it didn't disappoint. Burgers are delicious and the sweet potato fries too. They are always busy, but it's worth the wait.
. I ordered four roll tacos with guacamole, extra cheese and sour cream, what I got was four taco rolls with tons of lettuce and very little cheese. And a small 1 ounce side of sour cream :(
I have been here several times and always have a great experience! The food is always delicious, the staff is super friendly, and there are plenty of different dishes to choose from. The desserts are particularly great! The apple pie is delicious :)
Cheap eats in their cafe and cheap gaming options make this place worth a visit. Sign up and get free play = leaving full both in your wallet and gut!
The chicken is chewy. The pork is dry. The poutine is horrible.\nWhy go here is I can go to Ramado's....?? Nope.. no thanks.
One of the best burger joints in Las Vegas! One of the places I have been going to since I have been living here.
Tobin Hearing Center really cares about the people that come in the doors.  Super friendly staff!  they have great hearing aids and they are so much more inexpensive than anywhere else!
After my airbrush tan upstairs at Bronze Beauty of Las Vegas, I was hungry and picked up a large tomato and basil pizza. It was incredible. Best pizza in town by far!
Great Korean barbeque! Complementary dessert tea made a great end to the meal. Good atmosphere, pretty good service.
I recently stay at this hotel on business.  The hotel was recently renovated which was nice.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The beds were comfortable and rooms were clean.  The hotel was right off the interstate and close to the airport.
This place is the tits of all nail salons, in Vegas just saying girls. I took my 2 sisters here for the first time and wanted to make it special. The people here are lovely polite and do a great job the added touches with the ipad is an added bonus. RECOMMEND for sure.
Cool place.  Dust off your bike and ride the canal to get here.  Just off Central ave.  Good food, friendly staff, and don't forget to order the sonoran hotdog \"attorney steve syle\" (just the dog, nacho cheese, and jalapenos.  Good to go baby!  have fun!
I give it a 3.5. Great location, friendly staff, cheap, and much better than the others in its class. Will go back .
Not a bad place to get a drink before a flight.
Came here for the frozen hot chocolate.\n\nIt was definitely only a one-time thing.  I mean, how many times would I want a cocoa powder chocolate shake?\n\nWe also ordered the pizza with pesto sauce, which was about 1/5 too burnt to eat.
A coffee shop in the basement of a church.  Thank God its the only one in town, because its too quiet, too stuffy and you can't hold a decent conversation here.
Cool venue.  If you love live music then this place is for you.  Strange bands but cool seating if you arrive early.
Yummie butternut squash pasta dish & the best gelato & now for holidays they have this torrone that kicks ***. So good!! My favorite place in Mesa!!!
Also subject to unannounced rate increases.\n\nPut up with it for years but will be moving out now. \n\nOver a 48% net increase over 3 1/2 years. \n\nLook elsewhere.
Weak food (burger was a frozen Sysco patty), weak service.  Why waste the time?
service was kinda slow, they stuck us in the back seemed kinda weird because the place was empty, seemed a little rascist. they forgot our silverware and salad and breadsticks took 20 minutes to arrive.
The food is good, consistent and cheap. The service depends on who you get. Expect to wait awhile while they try and figure out who's gonna wait on you. Open 24 hours so it's not very clean. Everything is sticky all the time.
Scheduled a 8am appt on a Sunday so I could get in early and get on with my day. Except for the receptionist, the staff slowly showed up between 8:10 and 8:15. I expect a medical staff to be a little more professional.
Very good food, with amazing value, we ordered the 36$ combo and got enough food for 2 meals. Great place
Great fresh salads with simple oil & balsamic dressings. Excellent wood fired pizzas & classy decor.  Enjoyed relaxing on south patio. Service was top notch. A perfect spot to recharge after a hike. Thank you for the quality eats!
Some of the highest quality and best Chinese food you'll find in the area, but with a price tag. This is a place to head to celebrate, not to consistently order out.
This is an excellent place to stop in for a superb selection of beers and wines by the glass.  They have excellent appetizers and I highly recommend the cheese plate that comes with assorted nuts, olives, jams, etc.  The interior is beautifully decorated. I generally find a bottle or two to take home as well.
You must get a bagel! The cream cheese is fluffy and perfect! The jalepeno cream cheese is to die for! Everything tastes home made and great! Very attentive staff!
Best chinese is Madison by far, but very expensive! You do always get great service though. Yum!
This place is great!  Their margaritas are strong and from scratch.  I would totally recomend the Lobster, Shrimp and Seafood Enchilada - YUMM-O!!
Awesome restaurant.  I have been going to Sacks for over 15 years and am never dissapointed.  The staff is friendly, the specials fantastic and the bread selection/quality is always great. The tea is always good, and fresh. Two thumbs up.  I probably eat at Sacks at least 2 x a week!
I tried to set up for Cox internet so I called their 1800 number and then got hung up on twice and then tried calling them again and the machine said they are now closed. Unbelievable. The employees just trying to get out of the office so don't call towards their closing time. Time to sign up with any company other than Cox!
Its your typical Chinese buffet, nothing to rave about.  Not a big fan, the food was ok.  But our table was sticky and dirty.  That would be one reason that I will not go back, the place is dirty not clean, floor is dirty.
I loved my experience. I never felt rushed at appointments and our whole family was welcome. All of the reasons that would require transfer to the hospital were explained ahead of time so there would be no surprises. I was very happy with her manner during labor as well.
Very nice restuarant. We went for Valentine's Day and felt that the food was ok, but not worth the price. For this type of food and the price, we will probably not go back.
(non)smoking Joe's.\n\nGreat beer selection, good menu, friendly staff, great specials.  You really cannot go wrong here
If you want a great cut...SEE YOLANDA. She is the only person I trust with layers. Perfect everytime! Her shampoo is amazing! The salon is awesome too!!!
Quick service.  A good set of spring rolls with peanut sauce, and a Jenni Pho.  Exactly what I was looking for, but didn't blow me away.  Would come back!
So nice. And the BEST, most DELICIOUS pizza I have EVER had !! We order from here about three times a month, and it's even better the next day! Love, love, love it!
9:05 am and no one at the counter. We yelled back to the kitchen...HELLO and some lady yelled hello back, but no one ever came out front to take our order.....\nwe went to Dennys across the parking lot......
Recently my kids and I stayed in this hotel for one night.  When we first got to the room it was a bit small but we weren't in it that much.  I rated this place a three star because the breakfast was only okay with the service being good.
Never go between 12 am and 5 am , if you want good service or even buns. No hot foods barely. There is a girl with pink coach shoes that is RUDE, and has an attitude.  I got sweet tea there and it was unsweetened. There hustlers outside asking you for money. Good luck with that store.
Amazing food and great service!
They either don't have or refuse to cut up lemons for the iced tea. Other than that, its a good place to hang out and people watch if you need to kill time uptown.
Decent food. Friendly staff.  I wish they a little more sushi choices.  Dessert was pretty good as well. The location was inside the Miracle Mile Mall ( Planet Hollywood Hotel).
How do they make the food so tasteless?  And the tartar sauce, has no taste. Isn't the point of Tatar sauce to ADD flavor?  Meanwhile the wait staff must get bonus points for using the word \"awesome.\"
Least business friendly post office in the city & general customer service is horrible.  Avoid if you can.  No drop off for pre-paid packages.  Long lines.  Just bad.
Had lunch with friend. Had sushi, which was good, but not out of the ordinary. Noisy, busy atmosphere that was funnish. Menu had interesting alternatives to sushi that are worth checking out. Will go back to do that. Worth checking out if you are in the Strip.
Really great burgers.  Lots of nice menu selections with a Wisconsin theme and locally sourced ingredients.  Well thought out beer list, again with a WI focus.  Good wines too. We'll be back!
My girlfriend and I love CA.....but have a problem w staff that has an attitude especially Bartenders! This issue has surfaced quite a bit lately and overlooking it has become more difficult.  Hopefully mgmt. can see an opportunity to heighten the experience by finding people who enjoy their job BAR TENDING!
Super unprofessional.. We drove all the way from Henderson only to find out they were closing 45 min early.. We walked in at 9:15 They said they usually close at 10pm but since they were slow they decided to close the kitchen 45 min early..
A quick and easy stop to pick up all the basics for any house party. The basics such as utensils, plates, napkins, cups, and decoration are inexpensive. Some of the items are on the cheesy side, but you get what you pay for.
I have been coming here for many years. It is always excellent. Very homestyle sonoran mexican food cooked by mom and dad.
not very clean, after cleaning, still some part of my window not clear. the body of car is generally very clean. also it's really fast. and price are good. so if you need  a quick car wash and not expect 100% clean. this is a nice place.
The dumbest employees I have ever seen.
For me, best barbecue around. Next closest is Franklin's in of Austin Texas. They work hard on the quality and it is always very tasty.
This airport is hell. Dirty, hot and smelly. Men's bathroom had multiple broken toilets with trash overflowing. Their charging stations are a joke. Either broken or 50 people to an outlet. Pray that you only have the slightest layover.
Try it today. Excellent food. Thai Fusion with thicker sauces. Will definitely be back.  Food isn't like all the other Thai places. Treat yourself and try Table Thai.
Food is good, decent BBQ, but beware very greasy. Portions are not very generous. Compared to other restaurants in the area not a lot of food for the money. Overall it is average.
I really liked this place. Great traditional style taco stand tacos. This place is small and clean, I had a steak tacos and a carnitas. Both were excellent. Great prices too. \nThis place is a little hard to find, but it is worth the search.
This is the worst place I have eaten in Henderson! The service is awful I dont even think the owners know when someone comes into the place to eat. I practically had to yell to get some some service. That and the food is awful!!!! avoid this place at all costs.
Yummy Mac & cheese & burgers! We did BYOM with Jalape\u00f1os, bacon & red pepper. Delish!! Great drinks selection & atmosphere! Big patio! Enjoy meeting friends here!
I will never ever come back at this store again, one staff is very rude!
Friendly driver was very helpful with apartment staff to find a location for the large trailer.
Good stuff.
Great lunch and brunch! Delicious coffee, donuts and chicken and waffles.
He is the best !! He is a one man show but it well worth the wait. We took pants and a suit and he did an amazing job .
Waited 15 minutes and no waiter ever came to take our order. Walked out. Horrible service!
A big fat taco kinda night. Unfortunately, the not well trained cashier didn't know how to take the order. Food was fast and tasted about as good as any fast food place. Hopefully training will improve the quality of order taking.
best coffee shop and best coffee in phoenix. they do their own italian roast right there. great people and art too. awesome place to relax.
The place was packed and extremely busy but the staff was really helpful any time we needed something. The food came out quick. Pizza was good but thick crust. It's pizza nothing too special. I was impressed with the service.
I give it a 2 stars because I think the tackiest thing is when they don't crease the pants right. My suit has a sown in crease so it shows that much more when the press on the crease is not done correctly.
This is a Sun Prairie tradition.\nLocal folks running a local diner.\n\nThe food is good with very down to earth service.
Not kid friendly food.  Potatoes are not good.  Pastries looked tasty.
Loved it! Went here on a Sunday a.m. And took full advantage of the heated chairs, whirlpool, sauna, rainshower and steam room before my treatment. Had the Bacial and it was very nice. Smelled wonderful everywhere. I would do this every year on race day :)
Please don't go to a lady named Betty. I thought I called the correct Kay jeweler and it wasn't. My mistake. However, just being on the phone with her... She was just flat out rude.
Went back for CES, and I dont know if i over ate or there was some extra MSG, but i got an immediate stomach ache after the meal. The food tasted excellent however.. so im sticking with 4 stars and a warning to pace yourself, yelpers!
Seems from the reviews that more than my mother-in-law have been screwed over by this location and false reports of damage. I would steer clear or take pictures of every inch of the car, before and after renting.
Burger was decent, sweet potato fries good, but kids who seem to run the place were non responsive and busy chatting with each other. Tables were dirty. Too many other choices to return
The place was clean and the front desk was friendly. If your hungry tree is a Denny's walking distance from the hotel.
Horrible service and the worst Indian food I ever had.. Got the wrong bill . Never again coming to this place ..
Great bteakfast!  The green chili chicken hash was the best. If we were not visitors this place would be on the top of my favorites listm
Rude manager. $45.00 for an oil change and no they don't vacuum, clean your windows, or anything else they promise. They are definitely kings of the unnecessary upsell though. Go to AAMCO, at least they will treat you right.
6 regular tacos for $4.18!!! What a deal and so good too. Oh and I forgot to add the Medium drink, so 6 regular tacos and a drink for under $5.00 can't beat that deal!!!
I prefer the midway at the Excalibur more than the arcade at NYNY because there are more choices at the Excalibur and it is more focused on Midway at the Excalibur.  NYNY is also a lot more busier so it is harder to get around and it is also easier to get lost in.
I have enjoyed many sandwich shoppes   across Arizona over my 25 years hear, but this is one of the best. The freshness of the turkey and the vegetables on top of daily fresh baked bread is incredible.
Greek food always seems a bit pricey to me, but this place in particular stands out for its lack of bargains.  The food is the same as anywhere else, but I get irritated when there's not a good cheap option, or when you pay full price and leave a bit hungry.  Just meh.
This del taco has especially fresh and tasty food. The staff is always friendly and fast. Even late at night it has a line and it's still quick.
Keep it simple to avoid being harassed by the sandwhich nazis.  Just not a good place to eat.
I am a huge fan of Sam Fox's restaurant concepts, but this one I just can't get behind. Exceptionally overpriced and very very bland food.
Best burger in town!!! Sooo yummy!!!
Good stuff, a bit pricey though, 7 dollar pretzel with beer mustard, I'll pass.
One of the worst meals I've ever had. It was like bad cafeteria food. No redeeming qualities and bad value too at almost $20 per person. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
HAIR! Found multiple dark hairs in my fries. Thats just nasty. Service sucks. Seems like the kids working here are are more interested in socializing then taking care of customers. I will not be returning.
They try to sell me a use mod be careful what you buy the price is way overpriced  you can get it online lot cheaper this place is a rip off never coming back here again ever that dude John sold me that use mod he probably thought that I didn't notice about the use mod
Best Mexican Food I have had. Great decor and service as well!!!
The perfect burger. Awesome BBQ! NEVER a bad meal!
I believe this location has closed and should be removed as a listing
Always a pleasure shopping at Costco, and this one is my Costco of choice in this neighborhood.
JJ has had 2 of my mowers for over three months I have called several times and left messages he does not return phone call. Beware about leaving your mower with JJ
One of the BEST buffets in Vegas at this current point and time! \n\nWent with a group of 6 people who agree. So I know I am not crazy!!\n\nYou can tell that they put a good amount of effort into every single item. Go for Brunch!!!
Even for free it stunk.
Great sandwhiches, best in the valley...but prices are still too high!  Yet, I come back...been going here for 12 years now.
Very friendly staff. They explained everything to me. They were having computer issues and I was there a bit longer than usual, so they compensated me with a 25% off discount without asking. I was grateful. I will be back again for sure.
Excellent food with great service.
Roy love your pizza, cheesesteaks and wings.... I have enjoyed cheese whiz in many years. Dont miss the grilled veggie sandwich it was off the charts. Delivery always on time.
The waiter I had couldn't even crack smile or even come by my table. If he did come by it was once every 15 minutes. Food is always good here service sucks all the time. Also u may want to dust your big picture in your dinning area dust bunnies all over it.
My favorite place for healthy eating options, and post workout refueling! Pizzas are delisH on lavash crust. I've also had the breakfast burrito and burgers which are also yummo! Love the atmosphere,  staff is always friendly!
I love the Pub! I don't get there very often any more but I wish I could! Trivia Night (Thursdays) is a blast! They have a Great Beer Selection, Fantastic Drink Prices, and it is always a Good time!
Great food, great happy hour specials, nice waitstaff.
Best all you can eat around!
We couldn't wait in line for 1.5 hours for the buffet due to planes. So we did this. From the outside looked fancy. inside, it was a step up from Perkins. It was thoroughly decent though - all the food was good for what it was and the prices were reasonable by Vegas standards.
The best in town! I tried several places before my wedding to get the \"right\" look, dramatic yet natural. I got married six months ago and I still have the lashes, I'm hooked.
The food was good but overpriced. I ordered a whisky sour, which was terrible, but I wasn't too upset as I had a free drink coupon. I was staying in the hotel so it was very convenient but I'll venture elsewhere next time I stay there.
As a visitor to NC, I heard raving reviews about macs. Great service, the pulled pork was delish and trust me you want double serving of the Mac and cheese. \n\nThe portions are big and the prices low. This is def the spot you want to be.
Burger tasted strange - definitely had a pre-frozen feel to it.  The bun was too sweet, and the shrimp and crab topping didnt mix well.\n\nThe fries were also stale.
Portions are massive, prices are high and the taste...well I've had better. Now I am speaking of breakfast, I haven't had lunch there yet. I don't even like the bagels they sell in the grocery store, the store brand tastes better.
Had to send my food back, pasta was tough and sauce tasted like a can of chef bouyardee...
Both my husband and I have had our iPhones repaired here and they have consistently been professional and quick.  There was no sales pressure and the technician was friendly and responsive to any questions I had.  I'd highly recommend the camelback location and we will be back (hopefully not too soon). :).
Good place for lunch in AZ. We went on a Friday afternoon and our server was quick with the iced-tea refills and brought out our food right away. We shared  the nachos, a basket of fries and the chicken breast sandwich and they were all good. Sit out on the patio and enjoy a cold beer.
I travel all over the United States and have had multiple types of authentic southern BBQ and was always disappointed to return to Pittsburgh and nothing was quite that tasty.  Well I found that tastiness in Showcase BBQ.  I will be back for some of that tasty food.\n\nFriendly service and great food!
Cheap cheap cheap food, tasty but the Wednesday margarita special is awesome!
Tastes like straight up garbage. Don't do it. They should be out of business. The udon and chow mein tastes really funky.
Here goes:\n\nTwo cheeseburgers with \"Secret Sauce\" and pickles (no mustard or ketchup).\n\nMedium fries\n\nLarge coke.\n\nThat's pure crack in a bag.  LOVE IT.
Nothings changed. no Boarshead. 2nd rate products. A meat counter that lies about their products.  Kiddies are still in charge. Bring back Bill. I'll stick to Fry's Superstore.
Fancy place, decent price range.\nDownsides:\nInternet is not free and expensive.\nSecurity were unreasonable and mean. \nSlow staff.
Thought I would give this place a 3rd chance but once again my drink was full of mostly foam.  My drink was pretty good...all 4 1/2 gulps and they seem to be similarly priced to Starbucks. I've only been thru the drive-thru thro.
Had to be the worst dining experience I have had. They could make a drink correctly, the food was either over or under cooked. The service was worst than both combined. Definitely will never go there again. Don't waste your money.
It is a good Vietnamese restaurant.  Can get very busy but almost all the time it is reliable for those seeking a taste of pho.  It is open 24 Hours so I am amazed at how consistent it is.  The name is quite funny.
This saved my life.  The best place ever.
Went for breakfast this morning, and a roach crawled up my leg while sitting at my table. Went in the bathroom to get it off, and they were all over the place. Disgusting! Never eating here ever again.
what ever you want for your fashion needs: men & womans clothing, shoes, accessories
famous for their 24 hour specials. this family diner offers decent breakfasts all made from scratch. prices are reasonable. very busy on sundays there may be a wait. service is a little slow but friendly. lots of booth seating. i'd stay away from the dinner menu-not so good from experience. good breakfast
Service: 5/5 server was friendly, honest and very helpful\nFood: 4/5 food was good but too expensive for what you were getting. \n\nAll together we ate ciopinno, grilled salmon with sides, and med pasta with swordfish
We came here during happy-hour and ordered almost every item on the menu. Every item was we ordered were small portions, but delicious. The decor was modern and spacious, but I expect this because we are in Vegas.
Run of the mill. Food is good sometimes and sometimes not. Whatever the beer is good sometimes......Catch my drift. I dont think they care .
One of the worst Asian restaurant.  The server smelled like a rotten fish.  Dont buy their Pho.  Its not real pho and the food is over priced.
It's beautiful inside with a ton of wood.  The food was good and so was the beer.  I'm not a fan of trivia night, so depending on your persuasion you may want to schedule around that.   A great place for beer o'clock on St. Patty's day!
Not much of a selection at any of the stores, it's all junky leftovers from 2 seasons ago.  I won't go back.
The food is good It is a bit pricy but worth the experience. If you are a foodie fanatic you will enjoy this place. Needs better staff and nicer friendlier people.
Everyone in here is always so friendly when I come in. Always ask if I need help and make sure I get the right match of makeup for my skin
Worst Mexican in Charlotte/ Huntersville area. Chilli rellenos were re heated mush with ground beef piled on top. No flavor what so ever. The pork taco fell apart because they did not double wrap it. Really just flavorless mush there is no passion in this food. The taco trucks or
Every time I go here it's amazing.  We met Eric his first week when he opened and we haven't looked for another sushi restaurant. Amazingly fresh fish and the staff and chefs go above and beyond each time.
Great live band and appreciative crowd on Thursdays for Latin Night - but no room to dance.
The philly w/ shrooms!! This left me more than full before my flight home. \n\nPretty awesome place with cholula, and tapatio. Food was ready quick and everyone was nice.
Delicious! Came here for happy hour and ordered the riviera sliders (6$) comes with 3 sliders and 12 mussel, in a broth filled pot along w garlic bread (6$) both were really really good, friendly bartenders as well!
What a fun night! A dear friend of mine was the story teller for last night and I laughed so hard my cheeks hurt! I have always loved improv and these guys were great. Can't wait for the next time : )
Really try to like this place cause we live right by it. They mess up orders and when i called to let them know, was told to call back later when a manager was there. Apparently he was out on a delivery!?  Why he left two teens to run the store is beyond!
Tasty donuts in a convenient location. I've had their coffee rolls and other regular donuts and all of them are good.
Great food great service...had the ribeye steak salad and hot wings, wasn't that hungry (got the junior salad which was more than enough)...they were both spicy and delish.
Great experience! My trainer Miranda was amazing she was so patient with me and really helped me with my framework! Thank you so much! See you at our next session! Can't wait!
If you're tired of long lines at Chipotle, head down the road to America's Taco Shop! Excellent food and lots of menu options. Staff is very friendly!
Good solid food, came during spring training, not very crowded, would return
Not a good place.  In fact, really bad.  Overpriced, aweful service and oh yeah, the food.  Bland, uninspired cardboard.  Avoid this place.
Good service.  Good menu.  Good food.  No credit cards sucks.
Hands down, best brewery in Az. Great food, excellent beers. Been coming here since they opened and Im glad I live close.
It's a chain, and its offerings are rarely changed. That said, the service was stellar, and my friend's low-salt needs were very nicely accommodated. Something for everyone; just a tad more expensive than non-chain Chinese restaurants (and yeah, they have sushi).
Food was good, prices are a bit steep for what you get.
Clean store, great location, friendly staff, fast check-out and plenty of parking spaces.  Will definitely go back again just for those 4 things!
Incredible! Absolutely amazing experience here. My boyfriend is from Hawaii and he was in heaven after the first bite. Everything smelled amazing and tasted even better. I can't wait to come back next week for poki.
I will never drink or eat here! Between waiting at the bar over five minutes to be waited on, to having the manager serve us, to not bring acknowledged the entire time we sat there with empty drinks. No one bothered checking on us, refilling our drinks, etc. Worst service! Tempted to check out!
I ordered the pork chop ... Salty ..crazy salty ...I told them its too salty to eat .and they will very nice to me. They changed the meatball pasta for me ..but meatball was v dry ....
This place is awesome! They have novelty sweets, retro candies and a wide variety of bottled soda, some of their own brand. It's a great place to check out  for the kids plus the adults looking for a classic piece of candy or gum. I found Freshen Up gum!!!
Have alread posted a review but had to add that a friend at work ordered vegan chocolate cupcakes for my birthday and they were sooooooo delicious!! All my nonvegan coworkers LOVED them.
I like the restaurant. It was nicely clean and well maintained. There were some people eating, but just a little quiet. The restaurant was not busy and the order took some minutes. The food was great and delicious.
It seems like I'm always ordering the breakfast burritos when I come here. I wish I would change it up sometimes but they're so hard to pass up when I'm craving Filly B's!
Perfect!!! Friendly service, busy and on the ball. The food is fresh, fast and made in house. Very affordable...go with the trio deals section of the menu.  Cheese curds were squeeky fresh!
Theyre the worst, crappy buch of old men that wrk here with bad attitudes...half off fraps may 6-15! Good deal...the new frap is great
Food is decent but service is ridiculously bad. Our order was given away to the table next to us and we know for a fact that we ordered first. We've been here for over 50 minutes and our first order still isn't complete WTF!
This was my first time at this location, the menu is the same as the others and the food is just as good. The servers were very nice and accommodating to me and my 4 kiddos. If I am in the area I would go back.
Adam and his team painted my house a couple of weeks ago, and he made the exterior of my house look so much better.  I would use him again because his prices are so much better than most quotes I had received.  I am not big on writing reviews but had to write something on the job he did.
Poor service, undercooked salmon, runny queso, overall NOT good. Would not recommend to anyone
Talk about heaven on Earth! This place has it all! Gambling and some of the most luscious ladies Las Vegas has to offer! Take my money! Please!
Solid 3 star red curry tofu.\n\nNot 5 star, not 4 star...but hey!  They did great with the one classic dish I ordered...
Really enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side, but I didn't head here to get smashed.
Register service was not pleasant. I'm not sure if the girl who rang me up just didn't like me, but she was nice to everyone else until I got up to her.
I can honestly say this is a neighborhood restaurant that stays consistent.  The food is excellent, you cant beat the price for the well portioned meals, and the service is fast and friendly.  \n\nI've moved out of the neighborhood but I can say I'll go out of my way to come here for a great meal.
Having been here several times since my first visit a few years ago, I have to say the food here is not as good as it originally seemed. It's not bad, but definitely not Pei Wei. If they served optional brown rice and had something better to drink than Gold Peak Tea I might give it another star.
This is my favorite coffee house in downtown Madison, it is where I go almost everyday after school. The baristas are super nice, and the coffee is good fair trade organic. Free wireless thats pretty fast, always lots of people on their laptops sitting around. I would recommend this place to anyone who needs a place to hang out downtown.
I ordered three slices of cake they were all dry. It was the worst !!! They gave my son a chocolate chip cookie, now that was good. I give you one star for the cookie but we will not be back. Sorry
Extensive if not eccentric beer selection, and a build-it-from-the-basics burger menu make this a worthy respite from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  The staff were engaging and knowledgeable.  Go for a little while, not a quicky.
Had a great time tonight, our server Mandy was fantastic, very sharp and on point with our order!! I am sitting in her section from now on.
My fiance and I felt like Mexican sounded good tonight so we tried this place out.  The service was slow, and the food was rather bland and dry.  The portions are big, and we ended up taking home leftovers that probably won't get eaten.  I'd recommend fast food like Roberto's over this place.
I used to love the Marie Callendars at Flamingo and Decatur. Pies and food always great. Service sometimes great. Sometimes marginal. \nAfter reading the reviews of the West Sahara restaurant, I am thinking I might not subject myself to a frustrating experience. Have not been there and now probably won't.
It is 4am and I am writing this review as I stand outside the Constellation, because the fire alarm has been going off for 45 plus minutes. This has happened multiple times in the past year.
The past two times I went shopping the lunch meat I bought was over 10 days expired. Very disappointing.
very popular, that can lead to waits for table\n\nvery local:  sitting at the 4-seat  breakfast bar (if you can snag a seat) you'll notice that all the patrons know the server very well\n\nfine breakfast (tho a lilttle expensive for area) like excellent bacon and toast.
Good burgers, great green chile pork and fries!  Organic greens, nice neighborhood spot with patio, service can be hit or miss...
This is easily the best free show anywhere.  You don't get much for free in Vegas these days, so it is worth the effort.  Thank you Steve Wynn for your vision and for sharing this with us poor folks.
The Grill is terrible! The veggies have NO flavor.   It is really overpriced for what you get.  However, they do have excellent Miso Soup.  Skip the grill and stick with Sushi if you go here.  They make excellent, Fresh Sushi.
I really wanted to like this place since I love 5th & Wine.  What a disappointment.  The Shrimp Dumplings were so average and $10 for 4, is a little steep.  The place was not even fun, so I didn't even finish my glass of wine and we decided to go somewhere else.
Great Coffee\nGreat Atmosphere\nGood Baked Goods\nFriendly Staff\nFun and Hip
Not happy with the service.
Cookies are the only thing worth mentioning. I forgot what main course I had because they weren't memorable. Service could have been better but we opted to sit outside overlooking the venetian plaza. Im sure wolfgang has better places in vegas. Definitely not worth the price.
I just went here on a whim and was not disappointed, they have great service, the food was good, and the prices great. I was surprised to see sushi available but it was still pretty good. If your looking for healthy stuff,they have that too.
Great food, but terrible service! They screw up but are unwilling to back it up. Terrible business practice! I won't be going back, And I was a long standing loyal customer!
Shattered my iPhone 5 screen today and the LCD screen went out. Called and asked him if it was repairable. He said of course. Came in and had it fixed in 4 minutes! He is awesome!!
Great lunch spot.  You get a sizable entree, your choice of soup, and a spring roll all for $7 during their lunch special.  The Thai Fried Rice with chicken is one of my favorites.
Great  authentic food & prices. Service is also fantastic; it's a family affair. Hurray for good restaurants in this area as they are scarcer than rain!
I love this place! Great prices and even better food. I try something different every time and am never disappointed.
Rude old man manager was a total scrooge this holiday season.  Salespeople are too busy pimping nooks to treat customers w respect.  Luckily the cafe workers were lovely\n\nI miss the way this establishment used to b when it opened
I can't speak for the majority of the menu, in all the times I've been here, I've always managed to order the same plate. Gyro pita combo. It's awesome, every time. This has to be my favorite stand by.
Best Hawaiian food I've  ever had. I travel 30 miles to come here no where else compares.
Amazing, low key restaurant. Make sure you get their muffins!
Not impressed by this place. Went because of Groupone coupon, and would not go back for the pizza or sandwiches. Sandwiches are small for the price, and the pizza was pretty plain. There are many better places to go for pizza in Vegas
Really, very expensive. For real.\n\nWhen you spend $160 for a meal for two that consists of 8 small dishes and only two (duck tongue tacos and shu mai sampler) that really kill it, you've simply wasted your money.
This place is awesome, great food and wonderful service. Highly recommend if you have never been!
I tried to make an appointment. The woman answering the phone acted too busy to help me out, took my phone number and never called me back. I would have understood if Jay was too busy to take on new clients, I would have been happy to try another stylist. I will now be looking for a different salon.
Highly recommended from the locals to go for the experience.  I must say, I wasn't disappointed.  Great looking environment inside and even though I went on a slow Monday night in the middle of December, the place looked like it could be a lot of fun when it's busy.
Place is a joke! Good concept but has a mixture of DJ's that are ok.\nMost of the games that are older and fun don't function right. The games at the bar idea is lame. Service wasn't very good. Security people are awesome.
Overpriced, over-portioned and bland dishes.  Wish we'd gone somewhere else.  Like one of the other reviewers, I got the corned beef and it was lacking in flavor.  It was probably the weakest corned beef sandwich I've ever had.  On the upside, our server was great.
4 stars for the spring rolls\n2 for the pho\n\nToo many noodles and they're overcooked -- the result: cloudy thickened broth for leftovers the next day.
Love Capriotti's & LOVE this location! The staff here always provides wonderful customer service and knows my husband by name. Our sandwiches are always fantastic! The Philly and Bobbie are my favorites - they are the bomb!!
Service was slow and apathetic it really did remind me of India.  The lamb vindaloo was not good at all. I was thinking the chicken tikka masala was pretty good until about an hour later when I vomiting uncontrollably. Food poisoning for me and my buddy.
I'm new to the area and asked a co worker were I could find a Greek restaurant. This place did not disappoint! I was skeptical about the wait time because I decided to go inside to place an order for take out. The wait time was short and the food was fresh and delicious.
I was hopeful that this place near our home would be great. Instead it was HORRIBLE! Didn't even get our food cause the service was so bad. Never going back. Sad :(
i would say one of the best buffet in las vegas today. the ambiance is nice and the food selection is very good. it's worth the wait and the $30 per person. get there as early as you can as the line gets crazy long. the servers are very friendly and efficient too.
Food is amazing and the service is outstanding (Christy was our server). Will definitely be back next time we're in town.
Worse than red lobster. Not kidding. Food came out soggy and disgusting. Probably frozen seafood and not fresh. Embarrassed that I took my parents here when they were visiting from Asia and they were craving some American style seafood. Ughhhhhhh!
The hamburger was good. Just good. Not LGO or Delux. But better than a fast food joint or most Coco's. I didn't enjoy LONG wait and the rude service. I probably won't go back. It is a shame that there are not better places in the Moon Valley area.
Their miso soup was cold and SPOILED. They made us another batch that was actually hot and no longer tasted a few days old, but still nasty. Their teriyaki chicken was also salty.
Not worth the money! My husband took his parents here after a couple reviews from family saying it was amazing, its not. The food was flavorless and the portions were a little small. If you want good Chinese food drive a little further to Good China on Thomas.
Happy busy yummy breakfast joint.  Good coffee - nice service - bustling clientelle.  Nommy Lyonnaise potatoes.  French bananas on Whole Wheat French toast.\n\nBoardgames all over the wall - just like my kitchen!
We flew safely but other than that not impressed. The staff at the counter and the flight attendants could care less about their job and if you have any problems or not. let alone look to assist you.
Amazing burgers. Wife had the black bean burger and said it was the best she's ever had.
I love the people here, great hangout, tasty drinks, and fun events.
Went for the first time this year during Restaurant Week and had a great meal. Have gone back once for a Tuesday Night Comfort Food Family Style Dinner and that was excellent as well. Great deal on prix-fixe nights and worthy of a splurge for a nice night out. We'll be back.
This place is awesome. I booked for a trim on the neck & beard and Noe', a master barber, hooked me up. He's really good, has an experienced eye for detail and practicallly read my mind. Super chill atmosphere, to boot, and just a friendly gentleman, overall.
Nice little micro Starbucks....  Tried their NEW chocolate Chai Latte tea....  Three words describe it totally....  Run Forrest Run....  I've had a Vanilla Chai tea before so I figured,  its probably on the dame line.... Not....
This place is beautiful. Hospitality is great. Food is good. Gym is good. Plenty to do here and plenty of swimming pools. Worth checking out.
On my visit to Phoenix I couldnt handle the heat but I made it to the stadium.I wasnt impressed by the stadium it felt like I was watching a baseball game inside of a giant airplane hangar.For a baseball fan I was disappointed.
Watered down iced coffee and stale donuts.
Good drinks great view and they even gave us free champagne to celebrate our anniversary.
Sushi Muramoto gets our vote for the best restaurant in Madison. Consitantly deliver excellent quality, service, and flavor. Thank you!!!
Here's why it's one star ... BALLY'S CLOSED IT DOWN.\n\nToo bad. I used to love this place. \n\nWhat the heck is going on at Bally's?
Will never stop going to Cracker Barrel, always lives up to what I'm expecting. Due to the new stadium by this location the good food word of mouth is catching on and this location is busy as ever!
Great place! Nice people ! Great massage!
I love popcorn girl !!!! she always has everything i need for my events !!! not to mention she has great popcorn in every flavor under the moon lololol
We have been taking our dogs to the Barking Lot for years now. The grooming services are excellent, and the groomers are very friendly and kind to our dogs.
I kind of like cafe rio a little better. I think it's kind of expensive. $8 for a burrito is meh. Bring me a California burrito from Roberto's. Flavor of my steak burrito was good. But could use more meat. Not my first choice for Mexican food
Banh mi dog looked great, but taste was lacking. The dog itself was rubbery and bland while the topping of lightly pickled veggies was pretty good.
Got terrible service and attitude from zombies behind the counter.  The food is good just don't expect any with a brain stem to help you out.  At least they they so stupid they under charged me.... at least that's a plus.
Are at a few Greek places and I gotta admit this it's my favorite one. Service it's good and food is great.
Nice.   I was so dissatisfied with volcano tea next door that I went hunting for a replacement.  Thank god tea station is here and close by.  Now I have to share my experience with you all.  Just beware... Volcano tea flavor has gone downhill.  Get ur fix at tea station instead.
We brought our puppies to the dog park here.  Needless to say, it lasted about 3 minutes.  The dog park area had dog feces everywhere.  This is not a dog park we will be going to again.
its walgreens, 3 stars since its just the same ole thing...hmmm...I wish I could give it 4 stars, maybe if they start selling wine and beer!
Chicken and steak not ready for customers, had to wait extremely long for chicken. Extremely long wait for meat.
WTF?!!  $30 on a Thursday night before midnight?!  hahahahahha  No f'in way.
Excellent coffee and muffins.  The rest looked very good too.  A little gem tucked away off the main street. Good choice if you are looking for an informal breakfast or lunch with some innovative thinking in the menu.
Excellent timing, was available late on a Saturday night. Very friendly and trustworthy.
Nice atmosphere, reasonable prices for Vegas, better sushi than I've had in Chicago, worth the stop
this place was definitely poppin on latino night\n\ncool music, cool crowd.\n\none complaint. why is latino night the only night where drinks are served in plastic cups?\n\nhmmm....
I just threw up a little hearing the name \"jack in the box\".  Hope you are ready for some food poisoning.
Delivery was delivered on time when requested. Delivery man was friendly. Food on the other hand was far from statisfying. Have had better food in the past. Disappointed this time
Nice concept and all but the food is horrible.  Not that its not healthy, its BLUNT. If its not healthy anymore it might as well taste good, right?
Thanks for saying your doing a midnight review but not doing it for halo . 3rd time being lied too. Guess they don't like elite plus members.
$1.00 for air for your tires :( wtf?\nAND the ATM was broken
Great old time place with only a few stools. Make sure to try some of their home-made sodas...fantastic and you can mix flavours!\n\nAlso, this place discourages tipping.
6.49$ Sandwiches? nomnomnom\n\nI had the Full Montagu which was delicious. Love their soups too! Everything on their menu is great and it's simple and easy. Their lines are long so be prepared to wait.
Service was terrible and the food was just OK.  The best thing about this place was the cheese crispi but not worth coming back for.
very good!  on the pricey side for sure
45 minute wait for patio seating was worth it. Went during lunch and the food was fantastic. The patio has a view of the fountains at tha bellagio.
The beer selection is good.  Service was great. Steak sandwich-terrible. And per waitresses recommendation it was better than the burger. Soooo, not sure what the burger would taste like. The crab dip was pretty good, real blue cheesy, no taste of crab though.
Call me before I got here to make sure they had an LED bulb for my pool I came over but they did not match the price they did on the phone. I live in North Las Vegas and I found this a difficult place to find. Don't trust Google Maps.
I had a 2 hr layover at Phx, was hungry and trying to find something vegetarian! The cheese pizza at Humble Pie came to my rescue, and how!! Simple and fresh. I really did love the herbs. Friendly staff too!!
Piercingly loud! Smokey. $128.00 fish n chips x 2 n two beers! We took server away from his post watching gamblers. Next night Voodoos! 180 degrees!
it's been closed for two years! i told yelp almost 2 years ago twice that it had closed and they acknowledged it. delete the damn listing.
Good shredded beef burrito, the enchilada was sub par. Good rice and beans, open 24/7=good enough!
Yeah!  Bud Light specials and 20-year-olds!   If you're lucky you can get your drunk mug on Lazy Day!  Sorry just not for me.
Amazing detail service for $24, good gas price, clean facilities and excellent customer service!
My battery was going bad, but not bad enough to be covered under warranty. To take the sting off of paying for a new battery, they gave me a free oil change. They fixed a problem for me that wasn't their fault.
This casino used to be 5 stars but is in dire need for further renovations or other ways to drive traffic back to this casino.
The pizza is good for a quick bite, but the service, even a simple greeting sucks... I know I have tattoos and it's a busy Las Vegas food court but show some effort. Ha
We went here for for breakfast and had a great experience. The mochas and breakfast sandwiches were great. We brought our twin boys who are 19 months old. While I wouldn't say that this restaurant is designed as place meant for kids, the environment and staff were very kid friendly.
Good quality food and very friendly staff. I love their lunch specials here and the food never disappoints :)
I love this place as they take bets on Major League Soccer. They even had bets for the US Open Cup which I did not expect at all. They also have prop bets for NFL for those of you interested.
Fun day, went to Todd English pub for a quick lunch.  What a great lunch, made even more enjoyable by the bartenders Eleanor Armstrong, and Laura Berger.  Talk about outstanding customer service!  Way to go ladies!!
One of the best burgers around town.
quality of food here is not as good as Irvine location. Happy hour is a deal but some of sushi we ordered wasn't fresh and was basically all rice.
Like just about every other Cracker Barrel. If you want a good southern cooked meal, this is the place to come to
The worst pedicure I ever had ,nail tech girl skipped many steps and let me walk out with A bad polish and skin still in nails 30 dollars wasted ,had to go some where else! And fix it.
An incredible Culinary experience. Everything about this place was great. from the cheese to the French Butter and bread and one of the best Rib-Eyes I've ever had! I felt as if I was in Paris enjoying all the rich and decadent flavors.
Not a fan of these waffles. Unfortunately I wasn't a fan of the dough that they used instead of batter which almost seems uncooked. Really disappointed also by the fact they  didn't have much ice cream options left and oh wait I found a tiny screw in my waffle... Be careful when you bite in!
Best Salsa, BEST fajitas hands down and good customer service! Been eating here since I was a little kid. Definitely, my all time favorite Mexican food restaurant! \nNeed I say more?
Good food, great HOT sauce, nice interior, great wait staff, good chips.
simple elegant food. I would recommend this place to the most discerning of palates! The scallop was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The Spaghetti was simple but addicting! The short agnolotti was super flavorful and the Tagliatelle with root veggies was absolutely devine!
My family and I went to Carrabba's for dinner last night. Not only was the food excellent but our waiter, Alex was wonderful! We never had to ask for a refill on our drinks or anything else. He was great! Definitely recommend this place and the great service they provide.
When we returned to the area we figured we try our old restaurant. What a shock and disappointment! Food tasted as if frozen then reheated, little or no flavor as previous visits in the past. For the money there are better restaurants in the area.
We like to go here for Tapas happy hour!  Fun little plates of deliciousness that are great for sharing.\n\nIt's a good family place and our picky eater can always order pizza (there's a kid's menu).  \n\nService is usually pretty good.
The beers are good but my bartender is slow, retarded and rude..... She was like \"what do you want\" not even a what would you like wow .....
I have been living here from the past 6 months . Management is great , very friendly and very helpful. Services are done immediately . \nPros: Nice community, friendly management apartments are spacious.\nCons: They only have Century link and Noisy (by gardeners, cleaner) quite often.
I love this place. We have several cats and have to go to the vet from time to time. They're always friendly here. Dr. Britford is such a nice lady! I definitely recommend giving them a shot if you need a vet visit.
Garbage services carol needs a attitude check she's a horrible manager she shouldn't even have that label horrible all the way around don't buy from here!!!
Top 2 Chinese in Champaign!  The only downside is sometimes it gets slow for the ordered dish to come!
I thought the hotel was well designed and the rooms were very well themed. It was spacious enough and the room didn't lack anything aesthetically. More spacious than a lot of other hotels in Vegas as the rooms are suites (about 600 or 700 sq ft). Price is very reasonable for what you get.
This place is so unbelievably overrated. Long line, packed dance floor and it's impossible to get a drink. I would never come back.
we had pizza here recently.  Very good.  Crispy crust, excellent sausage.  Service was good also.  Limited wine selection.
Very reasonable, good food. We had breakfast--good eggs, fresh salsa, fabulous tortillas. The only negative was the plastic silverware--it was too flexible to cut easily.
Prices and happy hour special were changed, more expensive and doesn't meet our schedules.\n\nReally too bad, we really enjoyed coming but we will need to find a new go to. Liked checking out other locations too.  Won't be back to any.
Don't miss this joint if you are within walking/stumbling distance.
Best towing company in town fast service clean trucks. Nice friendly drivers. They have good knowledge of cars. Just a bunch of good guys ready to help
Way overpriced, since when did a tiny piece of chicken become $5. I can buy a 3 pound bag at walmart for that. Anyway, I went around 10pm and ordered a famous bowl and it was less than half full! Bull crap, this KFC reallly lacks.
Amazing experience, music, art installations, people, everything. Sad to see some people didn't have a good time.
Very nice guy. Very interesting place. Haircut wasn't great, but the experience was entertaining.
Fun, trendy place to have a drink or meal down town. Cool urban feel location makes for a neat atmosphere that is somewhat unique. I have never eaten here though but would do well definitely be back.
Kinda ghetto
Greasy, salty, gringo \"mexican\"  food at gringo prices.  No bueno. No gracias.
Essence had great service and a friendly staff.  The food was average and the setting could use a major uplift. The place seemed a little old and dingy for a bakery with some potential.
Ew. \n\nThe only sub worth getting here is the meatball. Even then, just go 'round the corner to Jersey Mike's and get yourself a sub with fresh ingredients. Where they don't stiff you on the extra veggies.
Only two very small bites of fatty meat on the Korean rib, and it cost $14 plus tax and tip.  That gets an F.  The pork sandwich was tasty and fairly priced.  The sushi was good.  The service got a B-.
They don't honor yelp check ins. They want the coupon printed out.. Yep turned around and walked out. Won't be back
Never stayed here and never will.  They have cheap tables, I mean $3 craps, really?  But there are only a few tables opened, one for each game.  Slots are limited and dated.  Small smoking and dingy.  Location is great sandwiched between the Venetian and Harrah's, but just not my cup of tea.
What else can I say that hasn't been said in all of the positive posts here? Great, little bar with very cool and knowledgeable owners. One of the best beer and wine menus that changes up all of the time. Love this place and have gone back several times.
Slow service, they refused to give happy hour 1/2 off margarita as advertised. This place used to be good. Friends fish tacos were not good, and they did give 50% off his tacos because of it.
Was told I could swing by and bring both my dogs and the lady at the front was rude to me and was condescending.  Glad to know this...if thats how they are with chech in, I don't want my dogs going there.  Very rude and disappointed.
Great breakfast food! Love the experience and just the whole idea behind this place. I like that they have everything from vegan food to very decadent dishes, definitely something for everyone. Their employees are really friendly too.
Booked on Expedia so pretty straight forward. Check in was a 30 second deal that ended with warm cookies. Service was great overall - got a follow up phone call after special requests. Room was nice and cool/clean. Disappointed with the cafe downstairs though...
Not good the dessert was really bad ! The food was ok nothing g memorable .. Only good thing about this place is customer service! Won't go again
We went for the first time tonight. My favorite has always been el Vallarta in Monroe, but since we moved to steele creek the drive is too far to go there. It's comparable but not quite as good. They weren't crowded at all. Atmosphere was good. Server could have been better.
I like Culvers when it comes to fast food. They have a good selection even on the healthy side. Custard is fantastic of course, and I'm addicted to cheese curds.
Totally not a fan of Gordon Biersch anymore.  I feel like their food has changed completely.  I now feel ill when I leave this place.  Sad.
i paid 30+ tip for a gel manicure and was extremely disappointed. my nails were crooked and the polish looked horrible and easily came off 2 days later. I will never be back and you should heed my advice and go elsewhere or you might end up wasting your money like i did.
really good fresh Thai in the middle of a rubbish part of the strip\n\nvery friendly staff, big room out the back looked like a Thai community center, lots of old folks playing board games\n\nportions were huge\n\nif you're up that end of town doubt there's anywhere better to eat
The waiter was horrible. He didn't order my steak! Not a fan.
I was so excited to try Carolina's after all the great reviews.  Prices are average, and food is OK.  Nothing special.  I had the chicken enchiladas.
Nice atmoshphere. I expected to find a sushi bar and grill however I didn't realze it was a full Japanese steak house with hibachi, etc. The food was okay and the atmosphere too.
The food here is generally pretty good.  Drink selection is great.  Service is normally above average.  The only thing stopping it from getting 5 stars is that it's a bit expensive relative to comparable quality places.
Just picking up some to go lunches for the seniors smells delicious.\n\nSo very good here yummy.\nIf you enjoy Thai food and you love great service you still need to come to this place is very delicious.
Exciting choices, unbelievable flavors, winner winner pants on fire! Ronin burger and Spicy Miso burger bursting with juice and flavors. Total awesome cooking.
Got home and opened up my take out egg drop soup to find a long black hair right across the top of it. I can never eat there again.
Bartisas were pleasant and courteous. Nothing to complain about.
Good Bar food  good crowd, the home brews are good, service is good.
Just went back recently...glad this place is not closer...i would be here everyday!
Why don't we have the option for ZERO stars??!!!!??  Your menu consists of CHICKEN how are you ALWAYS OUT of it or expecting me to wait forever!! Then the girl taking our order seemed to have no idea of what she had! Never again will I come here!
Probably the most expensive Starbucks I've ever seen, compared to the other resorts on the strip!\n\nI will give this one additional star since the staff was friendly and they do accept Starbucks Cards.
The gym its self is wonderful,but I really had a hard time enjoying it  customer service was horrible not very friendly staff. Made me feel unwanted.\n\n***I'D STRONGLY RECOMMEND GOING TO THERE HENDERSON LOCATION
I experience racial profiling during my visit at this store. I have previously been a customer before the bad experience of being followed around the store like I was going to steal merchandise and because of that bad experience I know longer want to spend money at this place. I have never felt so mistreated and uncomfortable.
Love the food, but we get take out to the office and every time its a bit of an ordeal.  \n\nEat in.  If you're planning on take out make it simple.
Three words can pretty much sum up our visit, Delicious meat coma. The sides were pretty tasty too!
Place is nice but the reservation took an hour, waiting for the table 10 min, appetizer 25 min. Its good if you are not in a rush.
There dealers can make you rich, can't say much about there hotel
No complaints, good food. Not the best, but good. The shrimp and crab cocktail was the highlight of the night and we had a nice waiter.
Good beer, ice cold but I\"d feel more comfortable at a strip club where there is no gray area. Someone's dad at the end of the bar making inappropriate comments to the girls was just awkward. Hard to blame the bar for this but it is a factor in the overall experience.
Had a ribeye steak last week.  It was horrible and cost 70 dollars.  I've had better steak at Sizzler.
Kool-Aid that is ice cold, Perfectly fried chicken and golden waffles...what more that one need in life??  This place was amazing!  I can not wait to go again!!
Just picked up Rocky from his visit with Melissa. She's a miracle worker! Rocky is probably one of the most difficult pups at the groomers and she did an amazing job with him! I'd definitely take him back and recommend to others.
Amazing place  - great food, beer, service!  I had no idea that this place even existed.  I love cold beer and this place had crisp, cold glasses and good food.    When I bike up in Cave Creek I am stopping here.
The food is wonderful.  Lunch buffets normally offer chicken tikka masala, a saag dish, a couple vegetable dishes, and a curry chicken.  Every now and then there is goat available and it is great! The meals are reasonably priced and  the portion sizes at dinner are generous.  The staff here is lovely and very welcoming.
This car rental location has a bypass the counter, has great selection of cars AND it's easy to get in and out of.\n\nThere was a real nice selection of cars - I got my Charger again and there is a gas station close by.\n\nAnd how can anyone not like being here!
Phenomenal dinner - the duo of the 3-month aged ribeye for two alongside the Reserve dry-aged ribeye (for us, 7 months) is a symphony of beef. Very good service and a great list of Italian wines round out a great dining experience.
Tried to go here for brunch. Waited in line over 30 minutes while no one was clearing the dirty tables. \n\nEventually we were told that they had run out of eggs. At a breakfast place. Awesome.\n\nAvoid it and go somewhere else.
If you have 45 minutes for them to give your order to someone else and then get upset because you expect a sandwich and a refund then this is definitely your place. The food is good but you have to consider if the hassle is worth it
Traditional. Delightful. Just the ticket if pastries are your thing. For me, an occasional treat worth the effort and wait. For Italian friends of mine, a weekly must. Worth a walk down The Walk...
The Chilean Sea Bass was so well caught  packed, cooked and prepared I can not imagine a seafood experience in the middle of the desert so exceptional. It's no mirage. Great service! Worth the drive. Ill be back.
Nothing about this place appealed to me. There is a large crowd for sure but I cannot figure out why. Food lacks taste and character as does this location.
Mr. Brakes is great.\nNice, honest walks you over to car and tells you what he is doing and why. Mark never pushes extra stuff you don't need. \n\nHappy to go here for all my brake and suspension needs great shop!
This club stinks. And damn you promoter for not coming through. The bride to be was very disappointed. Will not be coming back to this club ever.
Great size portions....had the Philly cheese steak....really good. Will definitely be back.
The parking lot looked empty but the minute we walked in the place was pretty full considering its a Sunday morning. The pho I think is much better then Pho Kim Long but it's similar to other places that we have tried. I give them an average, but after a nights out drinking this place would the spot for pho.
Been a few times, and I always seem to get sick after eating here. The food isn't very good, just full of grease and fat. The staff isn't the friendliest of people either.
This place is soooo Ghetto! The only reason I came here was because this Cigar lounge was inside this casino which ended up being a bust as well. This casino looks so dilapidated, dirty and dingy.
Very high end & tasty food. Complements to the chef. Attentive service and no hesitation by server to apologize for having to wait for coffee and not charging for it. Glad to count this place as a new hot spot for special occasions.
Dirty dirty dirty and their merchandising is with out a doubt the worst.
Got my Acura TLX tinted here and it only took them an hour to finish the all the windows including the windshield. There are no bubbles. I went with the ceramic and you will notice a huge difference with the temperature in the car. I was helped by Jay and they did a good job on my tint.
Food is sooo good! Service is excellent. I will definitely come back and try other items on their menu. It just sucks that we're from Cali (SoCal) and they don't have a branch there.
I was just a little upset when the company had quoted me one thing and when they came to recheck the measurements the up the price NO VERY GOOD COMPANY
Just went here yesterday to buy some paneer and just noticed today, while opening the package, the expiration  date for both of them was July 22 2014...I'm pretty sure that that's not legal. So if you shop at the India House may want to check the expiration before buying.
Beautiful place. Just wish the taste of the food matched the decor.
They close around 6pm
Love the drinks, food, atmosphere.
Best coffee and BLT ! A little noisy
Went to have a late breakfast at about 9:30 P.M. Chicken Florentine Crepes were amazing and service was still spot on. Usually that late at night the service tends to wain. Good job and great food.
I love it! I have been to.Thailand and this is authentic.  I had their mussaman curry and it was done the way it should be. I love spicy food sonI got Thai medium and it was extremely spicy and flavorful. I feel very lucky that this authentic Thai restaurant is close to our house.
The food looks great so I'd definitely try it again for lunch or dinner.  But it's a tiny space, even with the upstairs, so don't go on weekends if you don't like being mauled to death by overly tan twenty somethings in polo shirts.
Great service, went right to the fix.  Did it in a very fast and thorough manner and very reasonable price.  Highly recommend them.
I am not sure we will ever go back. My husband and I did not have a pleasant experience. We weren't even offered all the meat they'd told us we'd get and the service was sub-par. I think we'll be spending our $100 at the Houston's across the street rather.
Getting a prescription should not be this hard! Clearly a process problem here. 3 trips, finally got it!  Nice pharmacists tho.
Sold me a $200 lock then wouldn't allow me to return it. So I'm stuck with lock I don't need, out $200 and he won't come switch lock back as a courtesy.  Sad.
The best Pho in Las Vegas
I will re-visit a Morton's over a Ruth's Chris any day!\n\nBut, I will still stand by my organic grass-fed beef...
says they are open at 9am on Sunday well we just got here and they aren't opening until 10 soooooo .... um weird
Love this GNC!! If you come here, the old guy (didnt get his name) knows his stuff. Go to him. He is so nice and knowledgable.
The ladies are well-trained and take pride in the work they do.  Three of us walked in for mani-pedi's, and they took great care of us.  When in Montreal (The Village area), I would recommend this salon.
I love the food here. The oxtail fries is a must and the $26 Shogun Burger was worth every bite!
I never got to actually go here. When we arrived at 8:30 we were told by a bouncer at the door that you have to be 21+ after 8. It was a Friday night. I'm not sure if this is just a weekend thing or not. I'm also not seeing this mentioned anywhere on their website.
Not bad...  I've only had tacos and enchiladas from here so there isn't much to say.  The green enchilada sauce is definitely pretty good though and so is their salsa.
Great food! I love their nem nuong, it's the best I ever have.  This restaurant is a subsidiary of the famous Brodard Chateau in OC. I love their banh canh tom cua, bun bo hue. Great place for Vietnamese cuisine in LV.
This is the second time I've been here, and it is absolutely excellent.  From the enchiladas suisas to the churros to even the coffee, this place is as good as Mexican food gets.  Service is top notch, and they certainly don't cut any corners on any of the ingredients used.
Stopped by with the kids for open skate on Saturday. At $15 a kid it wasn't cheap.  But, considering alternatives, we got in a solid three hours of fun ... More than I can say for just going to a movie which would have likely cost about the same when you add everything up.
this is pretty cool poker room.. a few different tournaments everyday.. and the $1/$2 tables is pretty good.. the crowd however tends be all guys.. but i guess that's with poker in general
Food and service are excellent. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is price...expect to spend a couple more dollars per dish than other sports bar menus.
I have been here several times in the, dare I say, several weeks, too hot to cook.  The food has always been very good and served in a decent time.  The first time I came in service was slow, but I have not seen that waiter since and have had no problems since.  I will continue going there, highly recommend it to anyone.
Is this place open anymore? We've attempted it multiple times during the business hours posted at the door. Sign is always on....But no one there.
Love the pastries, miss the old Lux, but I understand wanting a bigger space.
This is really, really good thai food.\n\nI always get the coconut curry with tofu and have never once been disappointed. I have brought several people there that have always enjoyed.\n\nLilke most Thai restaurants they close between lunch and dinner, so check the hours before you head out.
try the wings, ask for honey bbq! they are the best
We got strawberry banana and chicken spinach ones. It's good but nothing special. Maybe chicken can be more well cooked...  Good idea to cook in front of everybody walking outside.  Average.
The food here was really good and a better alternative on busy weekends and holidays where the wait is long and is super busy. The 3 stars is more for the service, server was friendly but they seemed so shorthanded. Also should have a couple more high chairs to accomodate families. Overall average, may return.
Went to Remington's for AZ Restaurant Week. I got their free range chicken dish and I felt like they cut up a rotisserie chicken and brought it to me, they also took about 30 minutes to bring out my food and it was cold. Will not go there ever again.
Food was cold and the enchilada sauce tasted like spaghetti sauce.
Really pricey and the food was meh. Had the lobster pot stickers, were pretty flavorless and the Kobe burger didn't have much more flavor. Definitely won't be going here again. On the positive side the service was pretty attentive and friendly.
came here for breakfast nad had some good food!  the portion was good and the food was served hot and tasty.  Don't know about other meals but this place is fine for breakfast.
Have been to this place 3 or 4 times.  Very tasty food, and reasonably healthy depending on what you put in your bowl.   Not much ambiance but since it's a chain, that's not expected.  Good for lunch!
This shop did a great job on my car.  Friendly and knowledgable staff took care of me quickly and efficiently.  I would definitely recommend this shop to all of my family and friends.
The food is excellent- as good as any fine dining in Vegas and arguably some of the best ahi and scallops this side of town.\n\nThe staff, especially Todd and his wife Terry are generous and extremely friendly.\n\nTotally worth a visit or 10.
Hands and feet down (pun intended) the best pedi I've ever had.  The amount of time they spend with you and the attention to detail and lasting polish is beyond the 30 clams you'll pay.
cheap and good...
Closed today.  I don't know for how long, maybe out of business?!
The outside of the hotel looks a lot more promising than the inside. It was dingy & empty, like all the other hotels on this part of the Strip. The arcade smelled like mildew & made me want to gag. The theme is good for families with small children, but nothing to brag about.
This place is perfect. Excellent soup, excellent smoothies, relatively speedy drive-thru, friendly customer service, amazing soup. Everything I have tried there was very satisfying. Breakfast stuff is all amazing and not greasy. Their combos are great. I would go today but they are closed on Sundays.
Stopped by this weekend with my heart set on gluten-free bruschetta and pizza, and they didn't have any gluten-free products available. When you offer a service that nobody else does, it's important to actually offer the service. Very disappointed.
It's hard to review this place.  First if all, the admission price was a little difficult to swallow @ $30 each.  I would have felt a little better if they didn't change for a number of things\" i.e. the sky tram.   It is true that you can get close to many of the animals.
Unfriendly staff, uninspiring food.\n\nCheap though
Famous Daves was solid.  Ordered pick up and food was ready in ten minutes so that was cool. I had ordered the country chicken and catfish sticks combo with sides or Mac and rice, food tasted good bur portions seemed light for the price.
I eat here at least once a week all of their sandwiches and salads are always fresh and delicious and every 9 salads or sandwiches you buy you get the 10th on FREE. Goodstuff! Glad it's near my work.
Oh my! These cookies are fantastic. I brought them into work and everyone is my best friend now. The owners are super fantastic and have delivered for me on several occasions. I am so happy I found them through the Local First Arizona site. :)
I loved this place.  Best real italian pizza I have had in Montreal!  Service was very good too and loved the atmosphere.
An excellent brick oven pizza. The \"side\" salad is HUGE with a wonderful Caesar dressing to it. There were a LOT of staff - seemingly too many... I'd go back, but not necessarily go out of my way to go back.
3 more visits, 1 pull around for two happy meals and 1 visit two days ago with a happy meal with nothing but a toy and apple slices after we got home. We microwaved some Costco chicken nuggets do our two year old had nuggets with his happy meal. This location is horrible!
I'm torn because they have such a great bar, but the service is terrible.  How do you not notice customers walking in when your standing right there chatting with friends?  15 minutes before service is why probably why your not earning many tips, just an fyi.
The lines to order are very confusing and they are slow as hell. I think there overated and the people who wo r ks there aren't friendly at all. Customer's service is terrible.
The service was amazing, but the food was just ok.
Not a good egg samwich.
Best New Mexican in Arizona...easily.
The internet is not working :(\n\nActually the internet is working after I asked them to restart the wifi.\nThe place is super clean and it has a wifi!!\n\nThe staffs are friendly and it is just right around ASU campus.
YUM! Tried this place last night with the fam, and everything we got was dee-lish! Everyone was so friendly and welcoming too. Will definitely be going back!
I wish I could give no stars! This place is awful!!! I have been in a few times and every time is a bad experience!!! The owner is soooooooo rude and honestly ghetto. I wouldn't recommend this place!
My friend got a cold pressed coffee. Good flavor but no almond milk offered? Just soy and cows milk. I find that odd. Also, no stevia or raw sugar. Probably would never go back
Terrible... not much selection and old food
Good food, plenty of atmosphere, especially if you like a place with large airbrushed beer bottles, and martini glasses on the walls.
Quality food at a great price. Overall great!
4 stars for being able to get a tasty and good-sized portion of spicy Malaysian Chicken Fried Rice, late afternoon without leaving Bellagio. Soaked up some of the day's excess alcohol wonderfully.\n\nA star off for having to pay Bellagio prices for the above.
YUUUUMMMM! I love you crazy potato!
Love the chicken at this place. Something I can't eat all the time, but it is a treat when I do.
The place is really good but overpriced. This is \"Americanized\" Latin food, nothing truly authentic. Very tasty though. I recommend the lobster pizza. If you want alcoholic beverages, go during happy hour, otherwise the drink cost is outrageous
I had to go back to Fletchers today.  They have been consistent in giving me better prices than any of the other places I check, and always have the repair done that day.
Whenever the stress levels are high, or I'm in a really bad mood, this is the place for me! It turns into boneless wings, fries and a lot of beer. Can't go wrong with any of those 3.
We are visiting and so excited to have found the Street.  I am a big fan of the bob smoothie.  I have been here two days and have had a boba smoothie every day.  Delicious.
This place is now closed. It is now called Pittsburgh burgers. Just past by and saw the sign. Hope their food will be better!
Queen Shaba was my first experience eating Ethopian Food. Had the Doro Tibs and they absolutely destroyed me... In the greatest way imagine able. Grilled chicken doused in spicy Awaze sauce. Dry bread was on point.
Loved that this place has the upscale feel but also can still be casual.  We came here after Ka and it was nice.  Good italian food, good wine, good prices for Vegas Strip .. no complaints.  Good service and we had a nice corner table for us to chat in.  Loved the ambiance too.
slightly overpriced but the food is great.
I've tried the pizza (of course), traditional cheesesteak, and chick-o-philly.  All excellent.  Have visited about a dozen times over about a year and a half.  Can't go wrong.
Great meat selection and really helpful staff. If you want custom cuts of the highest quality meat check out a real butcher shop like this one. I'll definitely be back!
Let me put this simply, some of the worst BBQ I've ever had. Ordered beef brisket and pork spare ribs. Both were bland, flavorless and over cooked. It honestly tasted like they steamed or boiled their meat. Regret driving all the way to this place and will never go back.
Good and consistent. A little small, so it's hard to get a seat on the weekends. \n\nThey have very flavorful fish and chips.
This place is seriously so delicious. The pizza is pre-cooked and left out so you can pick whatever you want, then reheated. Sounds gross, but don't underestimate it. Super crunchy, thin crust heaven. \nThe service here isn't all that great, but the food is good enough to compensate.
Pretty rude service, employees act like they don't wanna be there. Location wise nice store and food quality like any other subway
I ordered the carna asada fries, tastes horrible, & ended up throwing it all away.  No discounts  for the military.   Your better off going to viva el taco, free drink with your order.
I love everything about Lazy Janes!  The staff are awesome, friendly and hilarious!  They have the best scones in Madison!!! My personal favorite is the lemon scone...mmmmmm. Fortunately I live a block away and can walk there whenever I crave their coffee!!!
Very solid effort, rich decadent pizza.  Pizza doesn't really look like beautiful pictures on Facebook - crust is thinner and toppings do not fill up to the top as pictures of the garlic crust pan pizza seem to suggest.  I also expect pizza to be salty BUT DAMN this was SALTY.
I could've done a better French manicure than I got. It has only been one day and two of my nails have already chipped as well. The polish selection is extremely limited so I went with a French but was not satisfied with the outcome.
I've called and left a message to have my dog groomed and have not gotten a call back.
What can I say ? Viva Griffen.
Had a really bad experience here.  I booked an appointment, I gave them a credit card.  They confirm the appointment and I showed up and they did not have me the system.  I planned my whole day around this. \n\nWhat a waste of time.
Out of the many Vietnamese restaurants I've had in North Carolina, this is by far my favorite. They offer an expansive menu of fresh authentic dishes for a reasonable price...including the tastiest pho! Great service and delicious food. You just can't go wrong here.
This is decent, if Americanized noodle cuisine.  Lot of sugar in everything.  Cool bar and unfinished concrete urban decor.  Nice to drop by if in the neighborhood, but real Asian food is just right down central without any pretense of fusion.  Also, fusion.
I love Bliss. The Original tart flavor is my favorite. I love the location, I love the modern look and feel of the little shop. It's unique and fits in well on Mill Ave. It's a yummy treat. I don't really care for toppings, but they have a lot to choose from.
This is one of my favorite Fox restaurants.  The food is fresh and quality is high.  It satisfies both my vegetarian and meat eating friends.  We always sit at the bar (although sometimes it's packed) because the bartenders are probably the best in town.\nI recommend the steak tacos and kale salad.
I've only eaten their Giant desserts, and have NO experience with the food. We bring the whole family to the Strip to walk around and we usually stop by here and have an ice cream. Our family of 5 rarely finishes it and its really good not just big. Fun place to people watch as it is usually pretty busy.
It was great breakfast ever!  Only think I have to give then four star because;\n-we made a reservation but we still have to wait more than 30 min.\n-the server made mistake my friend dish, she had to wait another 10 min to have it.
Real reggae music, occasional artists performing live, dancing, and inexpensive drinks.  Small club, however gives you a taste of what its really like in a local island bar.
Food just ok for a $130 dinner but the service was by far the worst we had ever had in a nice restaurant.   Won't go back and can't recommend it.
The worst Thai experience ever. The food is awful and way over priced. You can get better Thai food and cheaper else where. The waitress lost our cc and the management didn't even offer us anything for our inconvenience. I normally don't write reviews but I had to warn others. Dine at your own risk.
I dot think they welcome asian. There will be a long waiting if you are not on the guest list. Unfriendly staff. The drinks are ok. Do not recommend this place. Xs is way better.
The food here is very fresh and very thai.  I really enjoyed the red curry with chicken -you need to try!  Ive eaten Thai at other places in Pittsburgh (and there are really no good asian restaurants in pittsburgh anyway), and this is THE place for Thai.
Absolutely awesome sushi! Best in Las Vegas! \n\nWait staff not 100% great in customer service...sometimes language barrier.\n\nLittle pricey...no AYCE, but they know ppl will pay extra for their rolls cause they are that good!
Recently found out about these guys due to GrubHub.   Not sure if they just stared using them, or just opened it up to my address. \n\nEither way, very happy we found them! Food is good, service is great and they deliver.
Warm beer cold machines and crappy food. Go to the lodge down way much better option.
When you want wings, you want to head to Hooters...try to get seated in Ashley S's section (preferably when Mike Lee is working) and you'll get INCREDIBLE service matched only by Ashley's adorable smile!
very bland in my opinion, It's a skip just a heads up
it was ok.  \n\nmussels were good.  service ok.  ambiance seemed dated.  worth a trip, but not sure i would go back.
She's like a 60s pretty mom who will help you find anything you need. She was soo patient and nice with my \"big purchases\" of goldfish (3), food, and a little gravel for the new pets. Total cost was $18.00 and I was treated like a valuable customer. She's a doll.
Love the gyros here and the fries are cooked just right! Super friendly staff.. Definitely recommend this place!
I try to stop here once a paycheck. Favorite store in town! Definitely worth your time to check this place out. Plus, dexters is across the street.
Not bad but not good either,
I love getting my nails done here. Tracy the owner is very welcoming and does a great job on my nails. I get the SNS powder and always get compliments on my nails. Friendly staff and reasonable prices. She also does waxing!
People say they are too pricey, but they also make the strongest drinks in town and the service is wonderful. I love the people that work there.  So friendly.
Gross food. Bad service. Come here to watch football, but make sure you eat and drink before you get here.  Two stars just because we got a table with a nice view.  With so many other better options, I'm not sure how this place is still open.
Gross.  Chaos.  Unhelpful.  Trashy.  Rude staff at every turn.  Hundreds of dollars in billing errors after checkout.  Maybe this place was nice the first week it opened.  But now it feels like staying at a motel in New Jersey during spring break.  Stay anywhere else, literally anywhere else.
This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant. The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal. I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area.
Dank and depressing. Hostile staff. The rooms are run down and just plain sad.With so many other hotels to choose from in this vibrant and lively city, DO NOT choose this one.
The buffet is awesome! There was a wide variety of food for brunch! The place is pretty big and clean. The staff were nice. However I don't know how I feel about serving your own drinks.
I hate to be negative. But not good at all. The worse I have had in a long time. The chicken had some weird batter on it, the egg foo young gravy was off tasting, and I'm not sure what type of meat was in the wontons. Just trying to be helpful
Pricey but good. I like the philly w provolone but I don't care for the fries. They are unsalted thick cut straight from the effin freezer. 3 stars is all they get. Hmph!
Long line but what do you expect in Vegas? The food was good and there are a lot of places to sit down so it wasn't bad for our big group.  \n\nI ordered a turkey sandwich and it really tasted good.  My friends were happy with their choices also :)
This place is great. Local hang out and cold beer everytime. The tortilla soup is to die for, go endless. Always a good happy hour Monday thru Friday  and fun to watch nfl games.
i have never stayed here before but go here alot. the service is very friendly. the buffet is good and the pool area is beautiful. only bad thing is no more poker tourneys in the poker room. cash games only
While taking a break from the heat and almost endless walking, Freemont Mediterranean Cafe was a great place to have a nice cold drink and chit chat with my friends.
Kind of a cool setting but not to much that was truly special in regard to the bar area. They service was \"ok\" and the beer was beer. I don't there is something about watching the bartender drink more then me that was a little bit of a turn off.
Incredible!  Not sure how to say that in any other way, it's a must try!
Horrible food ,over proced, and the place looks like a dump! Yike! Yike! Yike! Never again
Never. Over priced salt lick with an autistic staff.
OMG!  We went just for drinks and the sand bag game outside.  A gin and tonic was $10.00!  Four people six drinks later and one sand bag game ...I left there paying $70.00 tip included!!!  Way too much money, I wont order from there again:(
It was fine, but it isn't the kind of place I normally go for lunch.  The food was a little out there for my taste.
Service was very slow. Food was ok, but not fantastic. \n\nWhen you're in a town like Las Vegas where you can't swing a dead cat without hitting several dozen world class Italian restaurants, you shouldn't have to settle for this place. \n\nKeep looking.
Yes!! Go here! Order anything and it will be delicious. Guacamole and horchata are highlights!
I went for a Keratin Treatment and have only good things to report.  The treatment worked well and my hair looks and feels great!  Trisha was great.  I highly recommend her and this treatment.
There are better places in old town Scottsdale
It's like the Costco of booze.  No better place on the planet for getting a wide array of booze at the best possible price.
Loved the chicken marsala  and garlic naan.  would recommend it highly
Omg this little place is delish! It's a ma and pop shop. The owners are so super nice and the cooking is so yummy. It's a small restaurant but with home style cooking. Definitely a must try if u are in the area!
Easy review to write. Definite 5 stars from service to selection. Seriously, you can't go wrong with this shop. I appreciate the deals too!
i go vegas every year and i have to eat burger bar everytime i go. i hate eatin burgers, but not when i go to burger bar. it's the best burgers i ever had. the sweet potato fries are the best! u can also build ur own burger too.
First time to this location...tucked away in a plaza on Russell...hoping this will be just as yummies as the Village Square one!  \nFood review to come...
Awful. Server was terrible, food was less than average, and price was extremely high for what you get.\n\nCouldn't pay me to eat here again.
La comida es mala parece un lugar de mala muerte aparte tienen un mal servicio los banos apestan las cucarachas abundan muy sucio no voy nunca mas en mi vida
Ate here 3 times in a week, none of the meals was particularly good. There was nothing memorable from the pasta, chicken, or the salad I had tried. Nothing was \"bad\", but nothing to write home about, that's for sure.
Dr. Marcello was very nice, friendly and thorough.  Came in and shook my hand and all 3 of my kids. The wait time was very minimal only there less than an hour for all 3 kids to be seen. Very good experience. Very happy with all the staff.
I wasn't a big fan of the consistency or taste of the ice cream. It's half ice cream and half shaved ice. The service was great though.
Being from NY and used to my corner store Chinese food, paying prices such as $9 for egg drop soup is difficult. Hotel food is down right horrible.
I can't find a better deal for such great fish....
Omg!! Pad see ew with deep fried pork belly(moo grob)....a must order\nNot on the menu but ask for it\n5 stars!! everything else is ok
This is my second time here & ordered the Hokkaido style ramen. Ramen was great the first time around and decided to come back. Great food and staff. Now that the weather's getting colder, definitely have plans to return for more.
Nice people! Great service! Super yummy goodies!!! And an awesome checkin deal - perfect to beat the heat! Their whoopie pies are memorable!
This restaurant put waaaay too much MSG in their pho to the point that I couldn't even move for several hours after finishing the pho. Service was bland, the restaurant seems like an old broken building.
huge crowd... dance floor packed..long lines
Seriously, I love when a whole hospital gets bad reviews because of 1 bad RN or Doc. Oh, well. If I'm ever in a serious accident or have a deathly illness, I want to go here. The ER and ICU staff are world class.
Mac n cheese dog is incredible.  This place is small and gets packed so be prepared for a long wait and no personal space.
The food here is the closest food there is to Indonesian food, which is my favorite. Very good dishes here. The lunch specials are worth trying too. I like the chicken hainam and lamb curry here- very well-balanced with perfect spiciness. I shall come back soon.
decent mexican fast food. cheap price. the california burrito doesn't have french fries in it, but i really like the flavor. i highly suggest the california burrito
Food is very good. Everything is clean and the service is spot on. Not typical mexican food.
I took two pairs of shoes in to Express ShoeRepair and was extremely impressed with both the workmanship and the price. They were able to repair a pair of puppy chewed boots as well my husbands well used cycling shoes. I totally recommend to anyone looking for a great local cobbler!
I just called go get a quote on having a website built at first the lady was very nice and I thought she was going to be vey helpful once I told her the content I wanted on the website she told me she didn't want to get involved I simply wanted a website where clients could book dancers
I've only been here once, but plan on going back. My dish was only so-so, but my buddies was awesome. So 3 stars for now. Will update.
Great little ice-cream shop with some unique flavours. When I went they had a halva-flavoured ice-cream and it was unbelievable. \n\nHighly recommended; try something you haven't had before!
Everything was great! Service, food ... Except for the sushi .... The volcano roll had huge cucumber chunks that made it difficult to eat. After removing the cucumber the roll was okay.
Nice place to go with kids, I always sit in the corner booth by the window at the bar.  The tvs are on and its noisy so no o e notices my kids.  Food is good and priced affordably.  Check it out when your in the area and want a quick bite.
Decent pizza and good location, very nice inside
Always bad service with worse food. Being a local now, we have tried the place out a few times over the past two years. Consistently bad. Go to Mingo right next door in Art Square!
Tiffany the owner is a sweetheart & does a amazing job! I won't ever go anywhere else! :)
If you are looking for a Young Israel, keep looking. This Kiruv centric,  Aish Shul is great for a weekend or two but don't move to this side of the city if you are Modern O or more observant, you'll get frustrated fast.
Decent  Chinese food. They have a great lunch Buffett. Nice selection. Walnut shrimp is to die for. Friendly staff too and they deliver. Clean restaurant. Perfect place for lunch!
Really nice and fun!  Get there a bit early to get a decent seat.  The chairs are a little close together though and the rounding servers for drinks sometimes disappear.  The place is really clean from the beach to the bathrooms.
The bratwurst burger may have been the best burger I've ever had.
kokomos ROCKS !!! This place is so clean and all their toppings are sooo fresh.. We go there 2x per week and love to see the place packed all the time.. Glad u r in town !!!
This place was pretty good!  I had baby back ribs & fries, and both were very flavorful. The ribs were extremely tender, and the fries had an excellent seasoning on them. The service was decent - it was a pretty quiet time of day when we were there - but attentive.
Outstanding service, great ambiance. Sushi is high quality.  We always enjoy the food and service. Tammi the owner is great and really goes out of her way to make sure everything is perfect.
The drive-thru open until 9pm, but the in-store service closed at 8pm.  Haven't had a chance of trying it out, will do it hopefully soon.
This place was very cheap with the toppings, the service wasn't very good and it should have been cheaper for the quality. Won't be coming back here
This is a great place for both chiropractic work and therapeutic and massages.  I've been going for 3+ years.
I thought this was a nice restaurant!  The food was very good and was a great value!  Our server was very nice and helpful!  They also make there on fudge!  Although it was 10 in the morning I had to finish my breakfast with some ice cream!  We will be back even though we live 30 minutes away.
Went back again- my expectations were too high the first time. On a second opinion, this is an excellent noodle house. Don't get the mustard greens, and everything will be not too salty.
My husband met Tonapah Rob at the central phx famer's market back a year or 2 ago and we have been out to his farm.  He has wonderful veggies!  He will ship to you also.  Check him out:-)
Good food rating but the service is awful ! Waiting 25 min for breakfast and when I stepped away from the table for 5 min they thought I left ?! And had to wait another 15 min to redo it . So not a good experience as far as service
Just average food with exception of the chicken lollipops. Cool ambiance and good service
Great selection, friendly staff, fantastic food! Can't say enough about this place. Make sure to check this place out. Carnegie coffee also carriers their donuts if you can't make it all the way to Crafton.
Cloud 9 is the best hookah spot. Great DJs. Great staff. Great crowd over all. Yeah they might not serve alcohol  but they do have a xbox one that you can play with while smoking the best flavors in town!
My Friend whom I was dining with got very sick from his burger, mine was okay. I do not know if the server is extremely new but she couldn't tell us what was good or what the specials were. When asked she responded that \"I don't eat here\" 'nuff said.
Food is ok. Service is horrible. 3x here and waitress and overall service makes me not want to come back. \nThe fact that they are busy should not affect  ... HOSPITALITY !!!
Their lunch special is a great value. $4-5 for a real authentic pizza with character and home made mozzarella. Wow. Love this place!
Came here for a quick burger and a beer. We were disappointed. We ordered queso thinking it would be a white dip and it was velveeta cheese. Very unlike a restaurant. Our burgers were decent but very obviously frozen pattys. Service was slow. We won't be back!
I ordered delivery from them recently and it took 2 hours (I live 1 mile away). When the food finally arrived it was cold and totally soggy...like it had been sitting in someone's car for 2 hours. Biggest waste of time and money...I will never order from them again.
New to the neighborhood but this was a great find thanks to Yelp! Kimberly is great and does quality work, so sweet. Prices are a bit pricey but reasonable with 10% discount EVERY time when checking in. I do recommend making an appt the day before if going on the weekend, it's a bit chaotic.
Overpriced overrated\nOverall not that good my food needed salt I was afraid to ask for it
Rude uninformed staff that needs to take care of their hygiene before going to work.  The place reeks and they do not honor advertise specials. Save yourself tge time and hassle Foot Locker is around the corner.
I have tried twice now to go here for lunch.  The 2nd time in particular was bad customer  service. Very rude when I showed up at 11:55am.  Will not be trying a 3rd time.
Good eggs Benedict.\nLong wait , get there early because place gets packed!!\nDont get the bloody Mary, it is not good! Get some mimosas instead or a smoothie! \nThere is parking in the back if you are lucky to find a spot.
The manager does not care  about employees much less customers. Stay away from venassa she is a stupid bitch
No free refills on soda. Refills on ice tea. Good food. Nice people. Lots of parking.
Great place for a fast and quality haircut!!!
Love the seafood here, fresh and tasty.\n\nOur server Sammy was very attentive, made our 3 and 5 year old kids feel special
was ok. service was ok as well. we did have a big group. the food wasn't that great.  they do have good drinks and a good atmosphere.
This place always takes so long to seat you, the service is never on point. If you go, make sure you have a ton of time to wait. On the up side, that food is actually pretty good, if you have all afternoon to wait for it that is...
3 stars for happy hour only. The $5 cocktails were exactly that...1/2 the alcohol for 1/2 the price. \n\nGarlic fries were good.\n\nPotstickers and sliders tasted reconstituted.\n\nService was good.
The two best rolls on planet earth: Somethings Wrong #69 & I Love My Ass.\n\nI also really enjoyed the Screaming Orgasm =-)
They have great deal on taco Tuesday. It's $1 per taco. I bring all my kids for the night so I don't have to cook. Their salsa bar is pretty good too.
Not bad comparing to the food at Palazzo...(room service is wretched).\n\nTOP ITEMS:\nChicken Pot Pie\nChicken Enchiladas\n\n*same people as cheesecake factory.
We ate there for brunch during our stay, and it SUCKED. They had some ok stuff, but everything else was awful. Definitely NOT worth the $18.95 per person. I could've ordered something off the dollar menu at McDonald's, and would've been more satisfied.
Outstanding food for the price, but the staff is clueless.  Best onion rings in town.  Everything on the menu is excellent.  I take customers and job interviewees here all the time.
The cured meats here are fantastic! The sandwiches are fantastic! The sausages are fantastic! The house cured bacon is fantastic! The people who run this place are beyond fantastic, super friendly, helpful and quick with a free sample. \nStrange location, but worth a trip across town. \nSuper, super clean!
Me and my friend had the meatball sub before closing and both of us were sick like dogs for about a day and a half. Sad after I heard such good things about this place.
Wings were great, beer was cold and they are about to start using Team Trivia on Tuesday Nights!!!
Super cute restaurant with great service. Fun, local atmosphere and family-like staff after just a few visits. Feeney's Steak Salad for life!
Ordered margherita pizza, second slice in, and crunch! I spit it out and it was a top of a screw .... should have just walked out .. pizza was comped, but blah ruined.
Super fast through the drive though. Although one employee who was taking my order through the drive though did yell at me cause I said something wrong which I thought was bad customer service but besides that i'll be coming back here again, and they didn't mess my order up at all which I loved.
Perfect day for target practice with the pistol. Sure beats an indoor range when the weather is cooperating. Today it was perfect barely even a breeze. Friendly staffers very cheap and you can buy ammo there if you don't have your own. Its a bit  of a drive unless you live in Aliante but definitely worth it!
This place has been renamed a few times but the good food still remains the same. I wouldn't bring a party more than 4 or 5 the Max.
Dam Hot Now Light!  I swear there is a Krispy Kreme low jack device in my truck!!  Everytime that light is glowing there goes my truck!  I fight it but no use.  Customer Service is hit or miss.  Mostly a hit.
Food very good ,place very clean
Worth trying
Horrible.. Famous star meal no cheese and hi c is what I asked for.. Came to the Window found out they had no hi c.. Came home found out they had extra cheese on my burger.. Never going again
Band is great and makes this place worth going to.  Otherwise, it is very very expensive, even by the new vegas standards.  a well drink and a domestic beer was $20!  Good place but very pricey.  The food is good, but on the pricey side!
I would rate the food a five. But trying to order it over the phone is horrible. We are always told to wait and have been forgotten a number of times.\n\nMy advise is to eat in, not order for pickup.
Nice Indian place hidden atop hill on Greentree. Food was good as expected of a good Indian restaurant. Had the Chicken Sangrilla, Lamb Korma, and Kheema Naan ...all were great.
This locals tavern is AMAZING! My fianc\u00e9 and I always go on Wednesday when the food from 11-2 is half off! Awesome service and the food is always spot on! Delicious!!!!
Terrible service sitting at the bar for happy hour. My glass sat empty for long periods of time.   A passing waiter actually saw the empty glass and gave it to the bar tender. Sad.
Eat there for free fries!\nBest hangover cure since weed. \n\"I did WHAT last night??\"\n\n\n(b)
I love the mint chocolate chip! Real mint leaves instead of imitation flavoring. The peppermint is fabulous also! Really, you can't go wrong.
They put chocolate with spinach and salmon.  Yes. I typed that correct. CHOCOLATE, with spinach and salmon...enough said. The service was mediocre. Which is why it gets 2 instead of  just 1
If I could rate zero stars I would. Bartender was cordial, not his problem but $18 for a bottled bud light with a free drink coupon changed my entire night. What in the world?? This cannot be Las Vegas,  I must be in Prague. Never and I mean ever going back to this ridiculousness.
It was a long wait (20 minutes) to get our drinks but the atmosphere was cool.
This Club was my favorite . Very entertaining! I thought I'm too old for clubbing but my friends and I were static and had a fantastic night !!!
This restaurant sadly has become very mediocre.  Too expensive, crab in claypot is $68.00, which very little crabmeat.  Steamed veggies $16.50, total bill for three $168.00, total ripoff. AVOID! I used to be a huge fan of this place but not any more.
I drive by this restaurant every time I go to the gym. I love great Mexican food and their food totally hits the spot! I had a wet shredded beef burrito. The meat was super tender and the green sauce was flavorful. I will definitely come back!
Very good. Menu has changed over time. Last time I went I'd have given it a 5star. Now it's a 4. Either way it's great French food.  Not bad price compared to other French places on the strip.
Very pleased! Two men arrived on-time, got to work, and didn't stop or take a break until it was done.  Five hours in total. They did an amazing job with our house.  Cleaned our tile, which looks completely brand new! Cleaned all our rooms and furniture! Highly recommend this company.
Great people who work here. Great bagels & customer service. \nThe store is always super clean. The bagels are so good that you need to get there before 3 for your favorite selection. I just love pretzel bagels and six cheese bagels!
My absolute favorite place for smoothies and personally I love their oatmeal too. My only bad review is that they dont have many locations and that their not open 24hrs.  :-(
Place is for the older crowd. Very nice place though, seriously!
(concord mills mall) First one in NC!! is best to go thru the week before every1 gets off unless you will b n line
I had a wonderful time. The place was beautiful and the service was superior. Friendly atmosphere and professional staff. The prices are reasonable, yet you still get the full Vegas life experience. The food is excellent. It's an all in one package here at the MGM. You get it all. \n I will definitely come back here.
Great happy hour, never got to try their drinks, but the food items on the happy hour menu was great, and on the lower side for Vegas.  The hostess was cold and not very friendly but our waitress was a sweetheart, and the food was yummy.\nWe will return for drinks next time we're in town.
Awesome Chinese Food.. I love Lucky Kitchen Since the first time I walked in..excellent service,fantastic food and five stars Decorations.. They got crystal lights.what a good place to relax with friends.. I will rank this 7 out of 5 with my honest. Must come soon and often..
The food is definitely something that needs improvement! The pizza dough is tasteless and overall in need of improvement. Burgers and wings are just average bar food  - nothing special at all. If you like to bet on horse and dog races then this maybe your place to go.
Love comming here.., its part of our Memorial Day Tradition.\nJust SUPER BUMMED they closed the Premiun Outlet Mall location!!
Food came out in a timely manner but there is a small wait (10 min.  max.) during lunch hours. Super delicious and work the small wait
Good beer selection. The food is nothing spectacular. They also have board games so you can hang out with friends. Not a bad place to go after a meal to have some drinks and relax with friends. Sometimes they do run out of some beer in days with events in downtown Kitchener.
Disappointed as I had set very high expectation for this one. The spread was not huge. Most of the cuisines lacked flavor, especially the Asian counter was a big let down. The Vegas buffets are more of hype than substance I guess. The only thing to write home about was the dessert bar!
Since I found myself in the Mirage, I decided to try the buffet here and found it decent.  Their dessert section was a bit lacking since it tended to lack variety (all being stuff I usually don't eat) and they did have a variety of items but nothing really special.  I prefer the buffet at Paris' over this.
The worst place, rude employees, i come\nOver to repair just one finger, and they just say wait nothing else, how long or I don't know i am very disappointed
After a second visit, the chicken was a little dry and lacked flavor. Quite a contrast to my first visit. Still enjoyed the meal, but wasn't as impressed with the chicken. I'll have to go back to see if it was a fluke.
Good service & good food.  The only reason why i didn't give them a higher rating because of the prices.  Wish it was more affordable.
have been taking our almost 6-year old to Plantation since the day we brought her home from the Humane Society 5 1/2 years ago.  Couldn't ask for better treatment or friendly folks.
Very mediocre Indian food.  Naans were cold. Currys that these guys serve are cheapest and most commonly available in all Indian restaurants. For this you will be paying ridiculously high price. \n\nPlease improve your food and menu.
Incredible.  I eat Vietnamese food in many cities and this is the best.  I usually order the same dish and have come to recognize if fresh ingredients are used.  This restaurant is great for quality and flavor of the food, clean and fantastic staff who are friendly and know their menu.  You will love it.
Kind of boring I wish there more Qdobas in Vegas
Hands down the best takeout sushi spot in MTL! #1 Fan
like all the other reviewers said, only go there for the drive thru car wash.  Everything else is a scam.
One of our local favorites!  Great food and coffees.  Friendly staff and owners.
Been eating here since I was a kid apprx. 30 years. Undercooked wings have me being no further than 15 ft from a bathroom. Never again.
Great juice bar! Staff is very friendly. Although when it's packed it takes some time to get your order, the wait is worth it!\n\nHighly recommend the PB Bowl!
Went to night had the spinach dip it was good but not really any spinach more like cheese dip. Also had the fish po' boy, good not great. Drinks were good. It's dog friendly which is always nice. Great ambiance. Nice for spring happy hour
I once walked in to see a guy w a French fry salad. The guys at Coney Island will make my meal up just the way I like it. The burgers are fantastic! Customer service is excellent. BikeForce delivers too!
The southwest terminal C needs a facelift.  It smells funny. The terminal also needs healthier food restaurants. Terminal D is quite nice, it has better restaurants and shops. Terminal A and B also need a facelift and better restaurants.  They seem to have a lot of sweet shops. \n\nFree wi-fi!
Genuine waitstaff...\nGood greasy burger and fries...\nGreat funky feeling!
As good as it gets. Excellent food in a fun atmosphere.
The drinks are excellent and are my favorite especially the pineapple chipotle margarita. The zucchini sticks are awesome also. They use whole real zucchini and quarter it. For me this does it all. The burgers are good satisfactory. But for me the drinks and zucchini are the best.
Lack of Atmosphere (Even during sporting events)\n\nFood is terrible.\n\nBartender/Waitress were incredibly rude....\n\nEverybody has bad days, they should not be this bad.....
Seville Veterinary Hospital is a quality, caring business. Two out of three of my dogs have now been there. The staff is efficient and knowledgeable and understand that most people's pets are like family members. They offer numerous services for all pet related needs but do not push them unnecessarily.
What a cool atmosphere, the owners were awesome and the food was just as good...could'nt ask for more personal service, the big chains could learn from these folks...Thank you guy's for the great experience!!!
Nice place resort people friendly , price was affordable for a resort , the room where clean and fresh will come again
I love IKEA.  Went recently and had forgotten the breadth of their products.  I bought soda straws and Christmas lights--in August.  Great food, too, at reasonable prices.
After a recent move from Chandler to Mesa I was hard pressed to find a decent Wellness Center until I found the giving tree. The staff are very very courteous as well as knowledgeable about the product. The location is very clean and very welcoming. In total 5 star great job guys
Always great food and service. Havent had bad experience yet. Ordered spicy machiko chicken and finished with coco puffs for desert. One of my favorite spots for plate lunch.
The essentials to Pho are the following: the broth, the noodles, and the trimmings.\n\nI felt that the broth was decent though, and so was the noodles. They gave me soo much meat though, which only tasted so so.
Decent fast food Chinese food. It's close to the house for those I don't want to cook kind of nights. I will go back since the food is always good at this location.
Is supposed to little bit harder to find specially at night it's on the east side of grand just east of that bridge.
Expensive compared to other top rated transportation services, arrogant  and egotistical driver (the owner) and all around poor experience. We are hosting a private party for 22 next weekend and we will definitely NOT be using this service or recommending them.
Airport with the NICEST people!\nThey try to be funny and actually smile at you! They don't yell at you to take off your shoes. They just tell you instructions!\nWith free wifi, restaurants, and slot machines, LIKE =)
Inexpensive supermarket with a bit alternative selection over Walmart or Vons. Not very unique but excellent for quick shopping for basic food items. They also have good bread and low-end cakes do not taste as low-end as in other stores. Overall much better than 7-11 :-)
Expensive compared to other thai restaurants. Service is bad. Run away if your server is \"Yok\". She scares me.
OK, that burger was awesome.  It clearly earned Ric's the final star!  I can't wait to go back once i recover from the last one!  YUM!
The Butterfly Exhibit was worth the trip.
Service was horrible and a long wait! The only reason I gave 2 stars was because the manager was really nice.
For the price at lunch I am not sure you can get much better.  The food is good to great.  The price is cheaper then Panda Express and it blows that out of the water.  I love the Sweet and Sour, and the Kung Pau.  They give you soup and a salad with your meal as well.
Love everything about this place! My family has been ordering carry out from here for at least 10 years. It's the best Chinese on this side of town. The lo mein rocks!
I had a late night shabu shabu here. Ordered the kobe chuck and it was very nice presentation. However they only provided the clear broth instead of the spicey broth. They did served with mushroom, vegetable, and other. Excellent service
If you are looking for beer....stop by the pub!  The Pub has a ENORMOUS beer menu.  We didn't stop in for food, so I can't give any reviews about the grub.
Thankfully I had previously purchased a restaurant.com voucher for this place (pay $2 for $25 or something). While the food was alright... nothing spectacular by any means, I thought it was over-priced and really not worth going back to.
There is a reason Milanos has been in business as long as they have! The selection is great and it is one of those few places that you can establish a relationship with the guys working there.
Great bar! The bartenders are awesome! Tori is one of the best. Never have to wait for a drink. Prices are reasonable. You can always make a friend at Cheers.
By far one of the best hamburgers around. Fries served in a little shopping cart and the mixed sweet potato fries with the french fries were to die for.
The office setting is great.  There is an efficient and friendly staff.  Dr. Ho is very good.  I think the prices are very reasonable.  I would highly recommend this practice.
Great atmosphere, great food. I had the pasta with butternut squash. it was one of the most delicious things I have ever had.
Ripoff. Beware. They send out the print job. Cards are delivered from China! Don't be fooled by the web site. You will NEVER get a straight answer from them. Is this even a real B/M store?\n0 stars if I could.
Best tacos in the whole vegas Valley people are missing out. Pastor is killer here not to mention i love ther habanero salsa. I live in Henderson i don't mind taking a trip down here for sum tacos.
So awesome! I wish I could have spent more time walking around, at least just window shopping. Can't wait to get back!
Nasty pizza could not even finish it. Would\nNot eat there agin. Over priced and the dinning room sucks abs was hot.  Soda was\nFlat.
Whenever I come to PHX, I come to Hannys. I love this place. I love the DJs and the champagne cocktails.and did I mention I love the music here???
So disappointed.  I have been seeing Dr. Davey for a year.  I went to have a prescription refilled and the phones have been disconnected, they pharmacy can not get any response.  Did this practice close?  Where are my records and why was I not notified?
The whole-smoked chicken was horrible. Dry, overcooked, no juice...looked nothing like their photo; so far everything else is great & tasty except for the yardbird. Could be done so so SO much better.
These guys are great!  Went to them for several months after a major foot surgery.  Dave, Jessica (aka Amazing), and Lisa will take care of you.  Family friendly an professional, it was strangely sad that my therapy was over.  I experienced major improvement and would recommend them to anyone.  Thanks guys!  Sam
The food here was very good and service was quick. I got the sangria margarita and while it was tasty it was definitely weak on the alcohol. The ambiance is also a little lacking and could use some updating. But overall a good experience.
This place is filthy.  I ordered before I looked around.  As I have been here for 10 minutes at 10am and not one staff member has cane to clean a table and the bathrooms are disgusting. Go to the one at Chandler and 101
The food is amazing. The customers are rude... Super super rude. Take out dont dine in its always busy... Online menu thegreekwraps.com
this has got to be the best location the burgers are the best  the people that work there are good at what they do i would recommend it to eveyone
These guys always do a thorough job. My rig looks good every time. Really great value in a car wash.  Been there with my old VW van, and with my late model Touraeg and they give equal attention to both.
Wow!  Our new best place!  This is a jewel for west LV...  We will be back.
Good price, good timing, good taste, but made us sick each night we ate it. Very disappointing bc everything else was good.
Super cute!\n\nIcredibly cozy wine lounge with 5* Appetizers, pedestrian friendly wines & relaxed atmosphere. Perfect pre- cirque show drink spot .
Poor service and so so food. Group of five on 8/3/13.  Our server was training another server - poor choice for a trainer, she did not set the example for a new server to follow.  Too many other great restaurants with consistent service and food to go back here, particularly at this price point.
Decent Vegas buffet. Nice selction from different regions. No watery mashed potatoes at thia place. Shrimp was a little odd...but the lobster was tasty!
I LOVE In-N-Out but this location is the slowest I've ever been too!(California included) I can understand long wait when they are busy but there were only 3 other cars in the drive thru and a handful of people inside.
The rooms are nice especially the ones facing the strip. It's defiantly a gorgeous view of the whole strip. The highlight of this place if the giant wave pool, lazy pool, private cabanas and then the public pool. A great area to relax and enjoy the sun and have some drinks.
Installed new water heater and the results are excellent.  Sam is conscientious, reliable, thorough, knowledgeable and courteous.  Recommend you ask for him for plumbing services.
Zum Fu\u00dfball schaun und satt werden v\u00f6llig in Ordnung!
All I can say is yummy! All of the flavors I've tried are amazing and they come in all sizes to fit your needs. The people are very friendly and patient.
Bedbugs, urinated carpet smell, shady looking people, and probably drug dealers and prostitutes. If this is what you like you've come to the right place. Enjoy!
Giant coffee now uses credit card machines....now offering espresso to go....but central phoenix is inundated with great coffee shops, no reason to return to a just so-so one. I think it's the honey latte that's saved them in my book.
Ce n'est pas une vraie cuisine chinoise. \u00c7a change trop pour s'adapter le go\u00fbt occidentale. Et le service est bien ou pas selon votre d\u00e9penses et le pourboire.
Bland, boring, and slow.  Oysters were okay but everything after that was fast food like, without the fast.  Not much lunch trade and still wasted an hour there.
Amazing wine List, amazing staff, peaceful interior and to die for food. Seafood platter trumps my seafood list!
Place is good. The menu is extremely over priced. I think if they toned down their pricing they would see more return peeps. The plus side is after 11pm its 20% off your entire check.
I ventured out to Einstein's to try something different for breakfast. I ordered an egg, spinach, and cheese on a whole wheat bagel with coffee.  I love the fact that this place offers healthy options however the food was very bland and overpriced 7 bucks for what I ordered is way too much.....
Huge portions / poor quality.  Basically all of the buffets in the Rio are horrible and, of course, quite expensive.  You are better off eating at the Mediterranean or the Asia restaurants.  Not cheap, but excellent quality.
Assigned seating is childish.  Service is horrible and some workers are disrespectful.
San Tan is not quite up to the high bar set by their competition at Four Peaks (for beer or food).  However they are still a great choice if you are near downtown Chandler.  The beer is very good, the food good enough as long as you drink enough beer :)
Horrible service! I've been there over a dozen times and every single time we went, they would mess something up.
Some things are better left unsaid.
Beautiful! Not the usual buffet. Great cheese plates and cold cuts but the hot food wasn't special. Tasty, but don't build it up in your head.
Fantastic food and attentive service. Burger was phenomenal. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant!!!
Great ambiance! And if there's anywhere you're going to splurge on carb overload, this is definitely the place to do it with their pretzel bites and fondue.
Dr. Chandler has been my eye doctor for at least 6 years.  I recently had an eye issue and needed to be seen asap.  Her staff was so helpful in getting me in for an appointment and treatment. \nThanks so much and I will refer everyone I know to you.
Food is average but soup is usually good. I wish they still had chili it was amazing. The change on the sliders to a pretzel bun is terrible. They are no longer edible
One helluva view and fantastic jalape\u00f1o crab dip.  Pair it with some ice cold beer and this place is sure to be a hit during the summer time!
Fantastic meal everytime. Whenever I go to Vegas, this restaurant is always on my list. Lobster, King Crab, Stone Crab, and Chopped Salad are a must have. You will not regret.
I must be missing something. Zoe's strikes me as just average fast fresh fare.  The food is okay and fairly priced.  The decor is not much different from the nearby McDonalds.  Good but nothing to rave about.
I find myself always coming back here for their Sunday roast. You can never go wrong. It is the best roast I've ever had. There is another one in Toronto call, Queen and Beaver, but the roast here is better for sure. Highly recommend it.
the massage was ordinary and a bit rushed.. I requested \"just to relax\" and the therapist felt the need to keep talking even when i didn't respond...
Sausage and beer are good. Avoid the schnitzel, unless you have a hankering for shoe leather. Toughest piece of meat ever.
The food and service are fantastic, but the real star is the view - best spot for date night in the valley.
Great club..Good music, crowd nice. They say free but it's not free. It was discounted with a wrist band. $20 for men and women. But you do get two free well drinks. Crowd is mixed...hip hop music with a little techno every now and then.
Bad ambience. 1h wait for food when there were only 3 other tables with people. Bad quality and quantity of food.
1st timer... 2 slice Lunch special w drink. \n\nGood deal.
Loud and uncomfortable.
I had the lunch buffet and I really thought it was just ok. It felt very limited and I was left wondering what I am missing.  I thought because of the good reviews and my passion for Indian food I would leave happy but I did not plus atmosphere and service were not great.
Very interesting menu; Good Food, but fare is overpriced.
Wow!!  Brad and crew created a paradise out of yard of weeds.  I interviewed 15 landscapers, Native Bloom were the only ones who listened to me and did not offer a generic az design.  Always on time and great communication.  The Best!! \nPS My neighbors thank you too!
THE BEST CAKE EVER!!!\n\nI had my wedding cake made at GFC, because I am allergic to wheat and milk.  The cake was beautiful and the best tasting frosting I've ever had.  I have been craving that cake ever since!
Russian  Chocolate Babka!
Friendly staff. Clean facility. Not too happy that rent was raised for no reason other than I had been there for 5 months.
Great BBQ - Friendly staff, super atmosphere and reasonable prices - what else can you ask for? \nRibs and BBQ Chicken are my favorite.  Try the Devils spit sauce if you dare.
I enjoy Vietnam Grille, their dished are well prepared. I've never had to wait for lunch or dinner so that's a big plus! Their pho is good and their service is quick! I haven't had anything bad in this place.
Blah overpriced airport food...how can you mess up a quesadilla and salad??  Better stick to the tequila Sammy!
Best BJJ team!! A lot of talented practitioners; clean gym; everybody treats everyone like family here. Go team Mica!!
Paid for some repair work here. After the problem continued I took it to another mechanic. I was informed that the spark plugs and air filter for the ac I paid to be replaced were never done. When I spoke with them regarding this issue they were very rude and aggressive.
GREAT FOOD!! But how the hell does a Chinese food restraint run out of chow mein on a weekday at lunch time. Get your shit together. I don't see any managers. Must be nice.
Try a lot of samples. The sea salt caramel is their signature flavor and as I'm eating it while writing this I can fully agree.
It's usually pretty busy, but at least I've never been disappointed by their smoothies. I always get the wellness drink. Definitely a favorite!
Bier Markt has now become my goto spot for team lunches and business lunches. The new menu that was introduced on May 21st brings some great new dishes. \n\nSpecials of the day tend to sell out quickly, so if your a little late for lunch - you may miss out.
I had a baseball game the next morning I arrived at bat-r-up right before it closed. they were closing down but cut me a great deal to get some swings in. the batting cage did it purpose. miss the days where you could take batting practice for $2.00 for 20 cuts, scandia where have you gone.
The classiest and most amazing club I've ever been to hands down! An experience. The outdoors and indoor dance floors are very spacious! Will def go back again :)
We had an amazing meal here...granted it was 3 years ago. Had a spicy shrimp dish and it was so delicious. Service was wonderful as was atmosphere. Both my husband and I still talk about the amazing Mexican meal we had here. Give it a try....
if you are looking for an old school/ classic style, this is the place to go. but if not, look for another place\nlove the complimentary beer!
Best pedicure in all of Vegas! Ask for Liliana and callus remover. Definitely get the 60 minute package! Relaxing and feels wonderful. It's my second time here and I will definitely be back again!
We love it here!  They completely redid the menu a while back but we and so many others thought it was the same old awful cheez whiz menu...it's not!  Great, new chef and great new menu!  Their Sunday brunch is fantastic!  Give them a try if it's been a while!
I gotta admit, this place is pricey for what you get. The food isn't even the greatest I've had but I've definitely had worse. The atmosphere is really nice though and the decor is gorgeous. Next time we go, I would give it another chance.
This is Krispy Kreme, is a review of less than 5 stars possible? No. The only challenge with this store is getting here as you have to go around the block. Look for specials online if the panthers win and certain days like Talk like a Pirate or hat day!
i boarded my dog here on vacation.  It was very reasonably priced and the staff was very friendly.
Stopped here for a quick meal a couple weeks ago and had a sashimi salad. Well proportioned, this was by far one of the best sashimi salads I've had to date. The service was great and everyone was very nice and attentive. Will definitely come back!!
My husband and I tried this place based on many telling us we should come here for the best Mexican.  It was divey inside, but that was expected- the food was not good at all.  I have seriously had better Mexican food in Connecticut.  I was so disappointed.
The staff are very friendly, very nice, very attentative.  The game was on, and the folks that go there are very passionate about the football, so it made it fun to watch the game.  The food was very good, and game out, very quickly.  This would be my choice of places to go on Mill Ave.
Great location and nice clean rooms.  The housekeeping staff was not the best at keeping the noise down in the hallways though.  Other than that my stay was great.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  The place is right downtown and you can walk to just about anything you want.
This location is the diner staple of Oakland. Its extensive breakfast menu makes it a popular destination for many students (and their visitors); so much so, that there is usually a line out the door on weekends. Pamela's has limited hours, but if you can get there during off-peak hours, then you're in for a pleasant meal.
Terrible service, terrible food.  We were sick for a few days after we ate here.  My fork had cheese dried on it.  I realize it's fairly new but come on.....
One word: Salmonella.
Enjoyed most of the food.  A few things were not for me but someone else might like o. Four stars because it was $30 for breakfast .
It's OK.  I wouldn't go out of my to visit. The  restaurant is very clean and staff very friendly.  I ordered special of the day (carnitas burro). Even with pico and guacamole is very dry.
amazing atmosphere & service!
I've ever had to deal with in my life. Mediocre quality food at breads  not that great either.
Fully loaded burgers for cheap late night in Vegas!!!
Ottawa University was a welcomed breath of fresh air after attending University of Phoenix.  98% of the facilitators were involved, caring and really knew the subject they were in charge of.  I truly see and feel the value of my degree.
overall pretty good.. applewood bacon & cheddar burger was so bomb.. \n\nthey use fresh ground beef so don't be scared 2 order it a little red if u like it that way...\n\nservice was fast and always attentive..
Pizza is ok pasta ok wings ok salads ok \nService sucked one of them was mean to my sis when she worked there but she doesn't anymore. Enjoy if your going
Not sure how it stays open. Missing basic 101 service.  Ordered fish tacos. Somehow they got that wrong. No flavor. Plate was super hot but fish moderately warm. I don't recommend.  Phoenix has more to offer.
Great service, great food.  Be prepared to open your wallets.
Stay far away from this Dr. The RUDEST office staff ever. Can't believe they think it's ok to treat seniors like this. Never ever going back. Had to give one star no other option.
Try the cheese croissants !!
Went there for breakfast and the food came out quickly, service was quick, waitress was nice. Just ordered dinner from there and well let you know about the Spartan Lamb chops
A teenage boy from France came for a couple of month. We enrolled him into an english class, group class (low intermediate). \nThe teaching was great, very interactive, great teachers.\nThe school was accommodating for his schedule for private classes. All teachers and staff are great. I recommend it.
If you go here ask for Gitty! both my boyfriend and I have her cut our hair and she is great! We love her! Super nice too!
Always fresh and amazing. The service is great and quick! Love this place #20 is my fav!!
YUMM!!\n\nUptown, easy parking, service is quick & friendly. The food is delicious!! Completely fresh and local. \n\nBest Tip about this place: You can sit upstairs at the kitchen-side to watch them cook everything right in front of your eyes.
Came here for lunch with a group of coworkers, all first timers. This is some seriously good ethnic food. If you are looking for some tasty flavors and you already like vietnamese/thai food - this is the place. Had the beef sandwich, it was delicious.
Nice atmosphere, service was lacking . I had the 8 layer salad.. Tasty and the red sangria smooth and the myan milkshake was their saving grace.
Great location, great servers provide by Mai, thank you for the good deals. Definitely will come back!
Delicious cafe menu and fun place to shop for tasty non-perishable delicacies, cooking ingredients, high-end chocolate bars, etc. The menu, changed seasonally, is fresh and light. Sit outside and enjoy people-watching along Southport Ave. and catch some rays on a sunny day.
Their breakfast sandwich is the bomb!!!! Super fresh, the softness of the thick toast with eggs, Bacon n cheese just made it so perfect! Their pies are off the chain!!!  Will def go back if it's in twon again.
At a $1 a piece for wings way too pricey for very small wings, good service but wouldn't try the wings again
Convenience stores earned their name.  Nothing stands out about this one good or bad.  Quick in. Grabbed my item.  Paid quickly.  Got out.  convenient!
Visit for the experience. The servers will tell you not to bother ordering anything but the smoked meat. The servings are somewhat enormous. Terrific people-watching, entertaining wait staff, definite Montreal experience.
Perhaps the lunch slices are different from the normal fare but this place just doesn't do it for me when it comes to pizza.  The crust was the biggest let down, grade-school cafeteria-esque.
Cool bartenders and good bar food. Beer pong, pool tables, and HOT machines!
Outstanding and interesting Mexican style food.   The tacos are delicious with many different flavors and spices.   My group was full and happy after our meal and we liked it so much we returned the following week.   If you like interesting, non-traditional Mexican food, give it a try.
Not a bad airport to transfer in.  Nothing to really complain about, my experiences here have been ok.  =)
Great grilled chicken and grilled veggies! Super clean and friendly. Great dips! Love it and it was healthy for me, my brother had the Mac and cheese too so not as healthy for him but he said it was great! :)
Best brunch ever..they have bottomless mimosas what more do I need to say and review amazing that the corn beef hash with poached egg your climax trust me
The prices are decent for vegas, but its definitely not cheap.  I had the salmon burger which was moist and delicious!!!~  The portabello mushroom add on is pretty good~ good place to go if you want to eat fast at the bar opposed to something else cheaper on the strip.
This place blows for watching a UFC fight, what bar doesn't turn off the music? Manager had shitty follow through, at least the mediocre food wasn't highly priced... Though, would have paid more to hear the fight.
CKs is your neighborhood bar/restaurant.  The wings special on Tuesdays is great! Staff is friendly!
Customer service is so poorly I left there mad. Tried contacting the owner still no answer to get a problem resolved. \nThe snacks are good, they just the service was horrible and the staff decided to pull a race card when I had a complaint
Great food lots of portion!
The cover band was fun as hell.
This is my go-to grocery store. I love how they are 24/7! Plus, with a Smith's card, I get some good discounts.
A haiku, Ode to the Chang:\n\nWaitress, bring me rice\nCheap utilitarian \nWrong dish, take it back
Great place. I prefer the cheese here over Penn Mac any day! Plus, the french feta is to die for!
I always hear from everyone and their mamas how good earls is and I honestly didn't experience the magic of these sandwiches that every is mystified about. They're nice and warm and that's about it. My favorite part of the sandwich - the bread.
Best Mexican I have ever had!  A weekly must...  Family owned and operated, great people and relaxing atmosphere!
Parking may be a pain in the butt sonce it's such s small parking lot shared with Hot & Juicy but it's so worth it lol I'm here at least twice a week and so is my mom.  For something fruit filled and refreshing I recommend #6. It's my favorite.
The restaurant lobby was just dirt. \nTables tops sticky.
A cool beer selection (I can now tell everybody that I slurped down an Old Chub in Madison) and my bar favorite, couches.  We came in late so it wasn't very busy, but it seemed like a nice enough place to grab a beer next to campus.
It's pricier than supercuts or great clips, but they're kid friendly and we always get a super cut from Kristi. My daughter loves the princess station!
So lucky.  Found them by accident and I love them
It was great. I highly recommend it. Especially garlic butter and filet mignon are perfect.
Meah, it's airport SB and service is what you'd expect in PHX. Slow, slow, slow.
just a neat place! food was good and the view was even better. :)
99c hot dogs / chilli cheese fries/ deep fried oreo / deep fried twinkie /...\n\njust had some last night and honestly you cant beat the price at all. the twinkies were great and a nice end to a long crazy weekend.
Flavorless lo mein and almost out dated beef (it tasted and smelled funny). Shrimp friend rice was edible but not the next day. The egg drop soup had a metal flavor to it like it had been canned for years =P
Want to watch the Pens game? No worries...the little puke bartender changes the channel at will and would rather watch The Little Mermaid. \n\nRidiculous.
Perfect place to go when in Vegas.  Great food and a good price.  The nachos would feed two football offensive linemen.  Easy to order one dish to feed two because of large portion size.  Great atmosphere and good food.  Of course the margaritas are the bomb!!!
This restaurant has changed management and has a new name. Delivery minimum went up and now there is a fee for delivery. Much of the food has changed recipes. Most everything I've ordered has still been fine, some things better, other things not. Portions definitely seem smaller.
A bit limited in selection and a bit overpriced... The Sprouts made salsa is really good and pretty frickin' spicy! I'll definitely be buying more :)
I typically hate fast food, but hell, when i need a good hamburger I go here. Only problem is if your on health kicks like me, sometimes this sort of food doesn't agree with you. But overall I believe they have very competent staff!
I eventually stopped going here: the service became extremely slow, and the quality of coffee declined. Found some better options in the neighbourhood too.
The food was good. The margaritas even better. I had the potato taco plate. It was good. My partner had the 3 taco rice/ beans combo. I'm picky when it comes to mexican food but I enjoyed it. It was nice to sit out on the tables located as people walk by
Chen's is about as good of Americanized Chinese food that one can find in the plaza. I enjoy the atmosphere and the people who work their are always friendly.
Ever since we moved to FLW and Shea we have enjoy Osha Thai almost every weekend!  We love their Basil Fried Rice and I always get the phad thai medium so it has a little more spice.\n\nSo yum!
Great seats, good food and strong drinks. Always a plus in the Burgh!
Well I love a good Italian beef sandwich ! I must say this was the worse Italian beef sandwich I've ever eaten ! Provolone cheese not melted and the gravy was salty ! The peppers were horrible!  The bread wasn't fresh!  First time last, Last time.
This isn't the closest hardware store to my home but I often drive the extra distance because I like the staff, who are both knowledgeable and helpful, and because their store is bright and clean.
Best carne asada tacos in AZ. The mulitas are crazy good too. Best taco spot in AZ hands down.
Excellent ambiance, not so flavorful meats.  Definitely a place to go for happy hour, but not tacos.  And not the grilled corn.  No good.  Sorry guys.
I had an excellent dining experience here. An awesome varied menu-I'm looking forward to going back and trying more. Our meal was delicious and the service was top notch. Our server even brought us some complimentary dessert at the end of our meal. 4 stars instead of 5 only because the ambience could have used a little help.
A chain restaurant with average food those I ldo love their ribs.  The staff there was awesome!  I would definitely go back.
This is by far the best theater in town, and Sanford, the owner, is obviously passionate about films and always brings in the best line-up.  He also cares about the community and the snack/drink options are wonderful.  Don't miss out on this place!
Pizza was good garlic knots good. Waitress seemed a little preoccupied had to finally call her over to place order. When we left the tables right outside door had smokers at them, a real turnoff for me. Thought the law stated they had to be 20 away from door.
Soup plantation, sweet tomatoes, they are the same exact thing. For some reason, I found the sweet tomatoes much more savory than the soup plantations I have tried. If you love soups and if you love salads, this place you will love. If you want meat and lots of it, this place is not for you.
nice stereotypical diner decor, food is pretty good, but the wait is a little longer than i would like.  definitely above average.
I have to agree with the above reviewer. Dr. Thompson is great to work with - he is friendly, knowledgeable and caring. He does a wonderful job explaining your vision issues. highly recommend him for an optometrist.
Really tasty sandwiches and queso! They were dog friendly and came over and visited and gave my dog some bacon. Only problem was they didn't give us plates with our queso so we made a mess. I'll be coming back though.
Always a good experience.
Best sushi place in Gilbert.\n\nyes even over Otaku and Blue Wasabi
Had omelette for breakfast . Everything was fine. Come lunch time , service was terrible. They took one hour to bring our lunch. Besides, my friend ordered what was supposed to be a vegeteriann dishh, and they had bacon in it. This my friend realized halfway through his lunch.
Viet food is below average. Service is great. Price is too high for mostly unfavorable viet food. I am from Los Angeles, I know good Viet food, this place is just average.\nI recommend you go down the street at Krung Siam for favorable Thai food with actual spices and the pricing is very fair.
Amazingly slow, so I decided to walk to the window to what is taking 20min... Once you see the inside, suddenly you are not hungry anymore...
I took my mother on Monday, May 14, 2012.  It was her first one and the therapist provided extra care.  My mother is asking for another one very soon.
A novelty.  2  orders of soggy all you can eat fries, 2 single cheese burgers, 1 -1.82 water, and 1 coke. $24.00 . CASH ONLY! Lobbys has a much better burger.  I wish we would have went out for anything else!
We just finished our first class with Leah. I have seen an amazing transformation in my dog and it is all thanks to her. She is available to help any time you need it and has solutions for every issue. I never thought the results would be so dramatic. We are extremely excited to attend our next class with her and look forward to more great results.
Tasted like chicken, which is what I ordered so they have that going for them. Pretty decent food, nice staff at this location, quick and easy for lunch!
I love the casino in the airport. It took the rest of my money that the casinos didnt take.
yummy New England clam chowder . fish n chips was not very good.  My husband had mahi mahi and it was delish! Probably give it another gander as the soup was so good.
I love the atmosphere of this place. Total college hole in the wall, relatively authentic Nepalese food with great service. I had the wheat gluten dish, which was ok but too salty for my taste and overpriced. I think their tarkari is worth it and I wish I had gotten that instead.
Great new breakfast option at the SLS!  Pancakes were bigger than my bf's head!!!  Lol. Beware only order the pancakes if you are sharing!  The hashes are to die for and the French press coffee is the ish!
The folks at Larry Miller Nissan were able to take my car in the afternoon and turn around my regular service quickly and without hassle. Thanks!
King crab legs were great but the place leaves you smelling so bad that its not worth it.
Hells yeah!
Stopped in for a quick breakfast. I had the scrambled eggs with lox. It was a fair amount of lox so I'd say it was a good deal. Sandra's bacon and eggs was good, she really liked the bacon.
i think it might be a california thing, but i like my slushes a bit icey.... they are more like a slurpee here, overblended and watery... they didnt even fix it after we asked for a replacement. fail
Chilean Sea Bass! Melt in your mouth delicate deliciousness........had to update! Oh and for dessert Chocolate Mochi Icecream.....a truely tasty and original dessert.
THEY ARE OUT OF BUSINESS!! It dosen't surprise me the owner was never there his people stepped all over him!
One of my favorite casual dinning places in Vegas. Very upscale for a cafe but I wouldn't expect anything less from Wynn. Mac and cheese bites are amazing.
Pizza was just plain, nothing special. I have always feel when you make a pizza, something needs to be special! Sauce, dough, or cheese? Something! Their pizza has absolutely nothing special, nothing to brag about.
3AM greasy NY style fold that shit over and wash it down w/ a PBR goodness for $8.75 total.  At the Cosmo of all places too.  Delicious.
I had to purchase one item, and found out the closed a few minutes earlier than advertised. Not cool.
Outstanding food!!! The Nachos are awesome and probably the best we've ever had.
Horrible service! especially on NFL Sundays. We waited over an hour for an order of wings and a pizza. The wings were tough, and the pizza was cold. The bartender screwed up on a simple rum and coke, and the servers were not all that friendly either.
Lakeside seems to be more inconsistent lately. It still has a great menu but the Service and cooking are starting to slip.i don't see the owners on site any  more. Last night my salad was drenched in water and the hot pastrami sandwich was just not up to par. Wings are still great.
The varied menu is accompanied by a great service. From fish to salads options are excellent. Also has a good happy hour and wine by the glass at a fair price.
One of the most wonderful places in the world. Great to go in the winter to feel some humidity and feel better, great for summer to see all the flowers. The gift shop is excellent for any (particularly female) gift occasion. Just a great place to go. Would be great for a date.
Service was excellent! \nWe came just before the lunch rush. Ordered the spicy chicken wrap. Apparently it's one of their popular plates. \nThe proportions were more than enough! The meal was so full of flavor an perfect blend of veggies & meat. Perfect timing on wait service & great friendly service.
This is a cool place to visit while in Vegas. I love chocolate and they have lots of it. You can find unique things in this pricey 2 story store. They sell everything from apparel to bake goods and your greeted with free samples. I enjoyed my visit
Beer selection was great including both draft and bottle favorites of mine DVD new ones to try also. Location is close to lots if other attractions. Very walkable neighborhood. Friendly knowledgeable staff. Had live music also on my Friday night visit.
I tried to go there for the first time yesterday afternoon, but they were closed from 1:00 to 6:00 for a private party. Maybe I'll be able to go back next month. Uh...whoever heard of closing a whole restaurant for a private party?
Let's just say right on time. Sunday night with my lady happy hour almost everything. The staff on top of there game for a Sunday Funday. Relax drink eat an appetizer and caught up on espn with friends or whom ever. This TGIF was prefect for being on this inside of a casino.
I found this to be a nice, well planned airport. Security can cause a bottle neck so show up 2-3 hours before you are slated to take off. They have nice shops, a nice selection of food and it is a fairly new and up to date airport. It offers a great view of the mountains too.
Waste of money. Pizza was cold. Ordered carry out & had to wait 5 minutes for someone to help me while my pizza sat in the window getting cold. Pizza was cold, the toppings were skimpy & they shorted my order of chicken poppers which were gross anyway. Wouldn't order from here again.
Cool\n\ndramatic and entertaining for a family outting.
A friend recommended this place so I brought my 4 year old son with me.  Very good.  We each had a chocolate milkshake.  Not earth-shattering spectacular, but still very good.  The place is unique so that helps.  They use Thrifty brand ice cream, which I love.
Great service.quick in and out. Employees are always helpful and answer any questions.terrific beds and products.
Good location and I've never had to wait for a table.  For me, the Big Wave is the perfect burger.  Nothing fancy just a lot of great flavor.  Excellent chips and guacamole.  Ranchero beans are also tasty.
Amazing food! Love Love Love ! So happy they opened a location in Charlotte! \nTry grilled octopus! \nPizza is amazing \nI love my Ceasar Salad \nEvery friend I introduced this place to, loved it!
i really enjoy tacos and more, there food is impeccable and the staff and management are very helpful and polite. I highly recommend if your in the Maricopa area to stop in and grab a bite.
Chloe's is a perfect lunch spot for the price. The shop itself has a positive atmosphere without the snobby Scottsdale air about it and the food is dirt cheap. I'm not sure how they make such great sandwiches for $7 but I plan on going back repeatedly. Be sure to check them out if you want to relax for lunch.
I would study here late night because they offer the endless coffee pot where they will refill your coffee all night! I've also eaten breakfast here with my parents before a football game!
Not so \"hot\". Really not so hot.   Slow service. Cold food. Badly cooked eggs.    Maybe they need more practice.    They are new.
This is always a place that draws me back time and time again, every time that I visit Vegas. The traditional french cuisine is superbe, and so is the service. The new renovation is quite contemporary, which was overdue. We always get treated first class whenever we stop-by, which tells you of the consistency and quality of the establishment.
Service was pretty good and the food was prepared quickly. The first time we went there we were less than impressed but decided to give it another try. Food was better this time, but nothing spectacular. Our bill was about 25 with the tip for two people, so it's relatively inexpensive.
Awesome place!
They have a Pizza Hut attached. I got a pizza, came home, it was cold and rubbery. I live less than a fourth of a mile from here. Driving is literally a 1-2 minute drive. No excuse.
This place has a really good hummus selection and the veggies and sauces they have to accompany everything is spiced and just delicious. I've been there a few times and I like my creation every time :) Good price too!
Very nice staff. I really enjoyed my experience here and will definitely bring my dog back for her routine care.
Lettuce wraps and spicy orange chicken my fav the atmosphere loud food great tasting service nice mainly for a group though for romance there are other places but very clean drinks are reasonable
Meh.  The service is on the poor side as most IHOPs but it is food.  I can't say the food is memorable either way.
Tall soy chai tasted like any other one that I have had at Starbucks. The BFs drip coffee did not taste like it had been there for a decade.... and they had a mug his mom wanted (she collects Starbucks mugs).
Loved it! First time trying something like this. As a newbie I went with Taro/condensed milk/almond cookie. It was delish! I honestly can't wait to try other toppings & flavors.
The store manager is soooo nice, helpful and kind.  I recommend this Aveda for your hair care, skin care, and makeup needs!  I usually don't head out to Chandler, but when I do.... I always go to Aveda!
Another Yelp success story!  I've been looking for a neighborhood pizza and wings place and finally found it!  I'm very particular about my wings and happy that they measure up!  The pizza is great too and the antipasto salad is just right.  Add delivery and Bruno's saves me from cooking dinner!
Really great flavors! This guy is a mix master- comes up with some neat combinations! Try it- i'm not even a Snow Ball lover and I liked it. So did hubby and niece!   Inexpensive and large sizes too!
I have been to Azteca many times and have always been satisfied. This time not so much. I can't put my finger on the reason, but I have to wonder if this time was an exception, or if the place had changed. Before this visit I would have rated Azteca 4, but now it's a generous 3.
I ordered some sushi, a couple of people waiting there. They said 15 min but it took about 30minutes. \ntaste ok, but I can't wait so long...
Wonderful service and very relaxing atmosphere.   Will definitely get my next manicure done here again.\nThe free parking is always appreciate - especially downtown.
A little bit of heaven in sin city!  The spirit and flavor of authentic Louisiana.  The owner, Gwen is a gem who goes above and beyond for each customer.  All Cajuns know- the po-boy is all about the bread :). Streetcar po-boys won't disappoint!!!
Great bagels and coffee. Very kid friendly.
awesoooooommmmmmmeee
The WORST Hot & Sour Soup we've tasted, no other taste but Sour. We had to add a lot of soy sauce & hot sauce.\nThe Shio Mai was good though. The Chicken Lettuce Wrap was ok.\nThe food is expensive. Not worth it.
this place used to be great. The guys in my office went once a week.  New ownership came, they changed the recipes so now it's gone downhill. Big time.  Please change the recipes back!!!!  I miss the old Tokyo Stop.
Food is tasty and a good value. Don't let the name fool you, not everything on the menu is greasy. Wish they had a little more indoor seating so one could avoid the flies and the heat, but I guess that is part of the restaurant's character.
Had eggs benedict. Ridiculous amounts of jellyfish-like yellow sauce. Not tasty. Asked for fresh orange juice. Not available. Coffee wasn't good. Waitresses not friendly. Would avoid this place, except to enjoy terrace for a few minutes with a glass of water.
The food is no better than its counterpart, Denny's. Don't waste your money.
Service was very prompt tonight & food very good.. Excellent drinks..menu is large with many choices..different size burgers available is always a plus
My food boner went from 6 to midnight after walking in here. \n\nI'll never shop at another grocery store. Vons lost my business the second I took a look inside this place and shopped there for the first time.\n\nI highly recommend shopping here if you live in the area. Highly.
This was my first visit.  I love the interior decoration of this place.  Clean.  Had a really yummy sundae.  A bit pricey though.
Best ravioli on the planet. Great fresh fish as well
Awesome!!! Everyone is always so nice and helpful. I will drive out of my way just to go to this location :)
Still going strong. Customer service is excellent, their pedicures are great, my gel nails last longer from here than anywhere else, and I just like the people who work here. Give them a try, they're worth it.
Great, delicious food, but for the money, I want to leave a BBQ place feeling like I just ate a horse... Portions a little too small...
Great staff very welcoming and great job on my eyebrows. I was in a rush so i wasn't able to browse the mighty purse selections but ill definitely be back. Happy customer
I was impressed.  This particular location isn't in the best part of town, but it is close to my work and attached to a hospital.  The facility was super clean and organized, the staff were all friendly and knowledgeable, and they had me in and out within 15 minutes of my apointment time, which I truly appreciate.
Molto buono
We love Sambalatte but tonight was depressing. Hours say open to 10 but they are closed at 5!! can't do that in a 24 hour town like Vegas... Especially at your strip location!
Great if you want a cup of Joe. Not so great food. IHOP or Village Inn, or even McDonald's would have been better than what was served to us here. The service was great, the food was horrendous. Would not recommend eating here.
Found this nail spa seconds from my house and love it!!! Tiffany is outstanding! Definitely going back! :)
Nice place. Pricy for being in a mall, and the waitress never let us know about any specials.
I went today with a co worker for lunch.  I am sure the cook at the shelter cooks better than this place.  Although the lady was nice and the portions are huge.  No seasoning and the quality was substandard.   I wasted money on this place.  I will not be returning.
Turd. Bad staff from the top down. Restaurants way below average.( Even compared to Memphis TN)  It was my first time in Vegas but I would not stay here again.  Please tell me there are much better places in Vegas. Supposed 5 star that is lucky to be a 2 star.
The sushi tasted old and they tried up selling me to a different item that had more sushi with it, so I accepted, but the sushi didn't taste delicious at all and my total ended up being 30 dollars for one item, an edamame and drinks.
I ordered a couple of items from this place and nothing was really that good.  The speed of the order and customer service was excellent, but the food was average at best.
It was a rainy night. I wanted pad thai take-out and Sa-Bai Thong is just a couple miles down the road. Not amazing, but it's pad thai, so what do you expect. I thought their version was solid. Thanks, Sa-Bai Thong!
This store is very clean, speedyA and accurate. The three times I have eaten here I have received EXCELLENT service from Giselle. I am a big fan of friendly service and cleanliness. This store does what it takes and has great employees.
Worst customer service I have ever experienced at an Arby's. Maybe they were having a bad day?\n\n\n\n\nFood was still good. Mountain Dew sucked though.
Took me 1 hour to get a fish sandwich(they told me it would only take 20 minutes) ridiculous!!!!!!!
This is very good \"cafeteria style\" food. The store provides a very nostalgic feel and waitstaff is very courteous,  We went on a Sunday early afternoon and the wait was not as long as expected.  Food quality was good but obviously pre-prepared.
Where everyone knows your name.   Local bar was a great view of the ice rink.  And pages of beers to pick from.
Wiked 6 is our new favorite date night. Dinner was amazing with excellent service.  After dinner we had cocktails outside where there was a fire pit, rockers, and live music. Such a hidden gem in Foutain Hills.
Barf.
One of the only places in town where you can get a Tinga Taco.  I love this little spot.  They have a wide variety of tequilas and also my favorite a pomegranate infused tequila.  So good.  If your looking for a place to go chill have some great food and drinks this is where to go.
Good service, awful food.\n\nI had dinner here. Got French Onion soup. Wasn't that good. Got a pasta with grilled chicken... ended up just eating the noodles.
Food was good, not crazy good, but good breakfast for the family.  Service was ok, they seemed to be short staffed and the kid serving us was not great but ok.  I heard the owner being a bit rude to other Patrons.  That itself would prevent me from eating here if I saw that again.
Restaurant 80% empty for Xmas Eve Dinner.  Bad food at outrageous price.  However, the waiter and hostess are very good and accommodating.  Pretty much agree with Monique M about the food.  Hard to imagine how bad you have to do to fuck up Italian food, but Ago's kitchen did just that.
The wood oven roasted steak, and the scallops were good. Loved the lobster bisque
By far, my favorite sub joint.  I've tried most, but keep going back to the Italian.  Awesome bread joined up with grilled meats run through the oven with cheese and finally dressed with all the goodies.  Getting hungry just thinking about it.  Awesome home cut fries, good home squeezed lemonade.
This is my favorite nail place however, this time, my gel manicure looks terrible. The color I picked & the color I got are very different. They also applied the color so thick, it looks awful!
So close to my mom's. The green chilli ones were yummy abd just enough spice.   I will be back!
Great food but it's more of a night club / restaurant.
Less than ideal. We came here before a movie and were seated on the outside patio. Guess they are conserving electricity because it is so dark that I can't even see my food!! I will have to think twice about coming back here.
This is an oasis in the desert of airport food choices at Charlotte. The salad, salmon and flight of mousse were all very good but the sweetness of dessert was surpassed by the sweetness of my server Sarah.
Talk about pro!  Pamela knows where to go and how to work it.  She has her system down and also left room for my unique areas that kneaded extra attention.  Thanks Pamela:)
The food was delicious. The service on the other hand was horrible. I could get better service at The Applebee's that just shut down in chandler. I'm normally a 5 star giver. But the service was embarrassingly backwards
a fun place for drinks and food was good but the worst service I've had in the valley!! will not come back for for that reason alone.
It is ok. Food is good not great. Prices are average. All and all very average in all respects.
Mojo's was my favorite till I tried Menchies..much better flavors like Chocolate Covered Banana and even Pumpkin (awesome) for their seasonal!  Lots of flavor, very rich, clean & priced at about what they charge at mojos..maybe a little more but Im not sure!
Chinese and Thai food awful. Vietnamese food...meh. Boba also meh. Enough to tide me over when I can't get to Chinatown. And they deliver (sometimes) when I'm super lazy.
The shrimp balls are the bees knees!! I wish they had more places like this in LA, we got served really fast and the staff was friendly, LOVE the Jasmin tea, a little pricey but we only come here once every time we visit the city, and will keep on doing so.
This is a colorful place.  The Gyro is the best!  The atmosphere is a TV playing Directv's greek channel very loud and old greek men playing dominos.  The restaurant is a dive; but, the food is always good.
It's just OK. High traffic due to location, but food was just alright. Service was really good: professional but unobtrusive. Atmosphere is the hook for this place, sitting in the main plaza
Been this place for Rides and buffet. Rides are fun but buffet is the worst ever buffet i ever had in my whole life. Food is cold and smells bad. Never go to this place for buffet and area is also different and not nice. Better to stay around flamingo area
Love this place.  Great prices and Atmosphere.  Apple is amazing with designs!
I order the shrimp salad for delivery and it was very tasty. However I paid $11 for 5 pieces of shrimp and three pieces of greens...seasoning was great but I was expecting a much bigger portion. On the plus side, delivery took only about 15 mins.
I usually enjoy eating at RA Sushi, especially at a prime location such as Las Vegas, but I was quite disappointed with my latest experience. It was a pretty slow night and the service was still unusually slow. Also, we requested ginger but it was never brought to us.
Nice atmosphere. Service is good and food was good. There is a lot of space and enough parking. The only thing was you are gambling on the type of chef you get; either entertaining or not entertaining.... we had a party of 7 and we got \"not entertaining\". Would still go again if I were in town.
Wandered in while after Red Ribbon. This shop is so cool! Everything that caught my eye was under $30 so it's a perfect place to run for a last minute party dress. Good selection, friendly staff (they gave me a discount card on the way out). I will definitely be coming back!
I love the wings here, they have a variety of flavored sauces, I like drums and I was able to get all drums with extra sauce without being charged extra money. I love that, plus they have very good specials. The price per selection is reasonable. I highly recommend eating here.
Just ohh kay... Black angus burger was tasty, but kinda on the smallish side. Didn't cover the whole bun.
Great executive course right in the heart of Scottsdale. The 18 th hole gets me every time. There are discounts online at golfnow.com. The course is always in great shape and their driving range is good.
Muy buen Restaurant, con un excelente servicio y buena relaci\u00f3n entre el  precio y el valor. Buena presentaci\u00f3n de los platos.
Was so excited about eating here due to the great reviews.....so not worth it. Ordered a turkey sandwich and a tortilla soup. Sandwich was good but small, they only have one size. However the soup was horrible. I'm glad I tried it but I will not be back.
My mom and I went there yesterday and it was delicious! Highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogi (pan fried) as well as the potato pancakes with apple sauce. We ordered them to-go and enjoyed a Polish beer while waiting - very good also! I definitely recommend Taste of Europe for something delicious and different than the norm.
This location is CLOSED! :( I just drove 20 minutes to get here... Wah wahhh
I'm trying to throw some business their way in my efforts to avoid Wal-Mart due to their unethical and illegal labor law violations and harmful products from China. I've spent a hefty sum of money here and the employees are always apathetic or down right rude!
A great, quirky, hipstery, bowling alley with an awesome bar.
Lines out the door for patio seating. Tried two of the breakfast crepes apple-chicken & ham-bacon-egg, both were very good. I plan on going back to try the big skinny pancakes (which I suspect is a big crepe).
Service was horrible and the server had zero personality. It took ten minutes to get two beers. The food came quickly but was not very flavorful. The enchilada was dry and doughy. The rice was horrible but the beans were very good.
Was not impressed we came there with a very large party and the food was nothing to write home about. My ny strip had too much pepper and way to much salt the side dishes were nothing special
Huge place with tons of great shopping including most of the same chain stores you see in the US. There is also a Starbucks here and an extensive food court. It's easy to get lost in here but it's a fun place to pass the time.
Use the \"Chipotle Tabasco\" The bad rating is for the Service I recieved:(
Came here just for the margaritas since we were staying across the street at Caesar's Palace. The drinks were delicious and the service was awesome! As expensive as Vegas is, the margaritas here were fairly priced:)
5 church is probably one of the best date and meet up spots in Charlotte for 30+ professionals. I would rate the food 4 stars and the atmosphere 4.5 stars. It is crowded and a little loud on the weekends but worth a stop.
If I could give them less than 1 star I would.  Service SERIOUSLY sucks - and that goes all the way up the chain.  Nobody cares, everybody says the same thing but nobody takes action to change it.
Great service and even better soul food. Try the fried green tomatoes, Mac and cheese, collards, catfish and fried chicken.
Very nice bar, the crowd is observed by curious ostrich heads.  Long list of beers and plum brandy to warm up. :)
i'm basing this review on pie! stop and get some! the fruit crumble pies are the best.
I'm always disappointed. It's expensive and 3 out of 4 times I have not liked my meal. Portion size varies drastically, too, especially with to-go orders.
They got this down. The chef is the best. He definitely knows how to please peoples pallets. amazing food and great staff. I recommend everyone to come and dine here.
Watered down frozen margaritas and mediocre food.  The one in cabo is great which is why we wanted to go.  With all the choices nearby save your pesos.
The best steak ever!!! dry aged and ribeye with onions were cooked perfectly. No complaints. We had a side order of creamed spinach and broccoli au gratin.
They serve great poutine and steamed dogs; can't get much more straightforward than that. Both are tasty (and filling), and you'll be glad you ventured in. This is a place I'll be visiting every time I visit Montreal!
Loved the relaxed atmosphere!! We sat at the bar and the service was great!! Food was very good! Definitely will go back!!
Overpriced, bland, typical food.  Not bad food, but typical.  But for the price, and the other options available, no reason to come here.  Sorry, Frank.\n\nThe Oscar, Emmy, and Grammy was pretty cool, though...so maybe it get's 2.5 stars.
I really liked this bar. It had a cool atmosphere and good drinks.\n\nI don't exactly remember what I had but I remember it being some kind of pineapple mojito with absinthe in it. It was sooooo yummy!
This place was a nice break from the strip. I used the Groupon for the 9 hole, par 3 course and 90 balls for the driving range. Balls for the golf course are $1 each in the pro shop. Vegas strip in the background.
Nice shop, awesome service, all around a great experience! I will definitely be a repeat customer. The guys were very knowledgeable, extremely helpful, and totally down to earth.
Fake fish for California roll and ordered the bento box. Food tasteless, boring and tasted canned.  Would not recommend or revisit!
This is a decent place to grab some food near the airport when you need something quick and easy on your arrival or departure.  It seems to have more of a bar with food type atmosphere and could be compared to a local version of an Applebee's.  Its a decent sports bar type atmosphere as well with adequate TV's to view from most locations.
Went here since we got a free meal for booking the hotel.\nKind of feel bad to talk bad about a free meal, but i just was not impressed with the food here.
This place is great! I love the donuts, especially the sprinkles, but I don't like the fact that they only accept cash. They've raised the prices & the least they can do is accept debit cards & pay the tax for that.
Check the police reports.  Many break-ins here.  Lack of security camera, they keep the gates open at night, and they claim to have a security guard at night, but he is only there once a week.  BEWARE!
The breakfast buffet lands somewhere between \"meh\" and \"better than you'd expect outside of Vegas.\"\n\nThey had some logistical issues with our group (day-after-wedding brunch), which stressed out the organizer (the bride).
Service still sucks. Wsit forever but staff just sitting in their cubicles. Manager doing the same thing.  No sense of urgency.
2 times in 2 days. Must be good food. Once for lunch. Once for dinner. Gyros were terrific. Salads are enormous. \n\nGoing to come back.
I love the Almondine croissant.  The customer service is very good and from time to time you'll see the owner drop in for breakfast.  I have also seen the Mayor of Tempe on several occasions.   Go early for the best selection or order in advance to guarantee your fav's are in the box.
The worse ice cream ever. Even my 7 yo said so. We tried the mango & mint chip. Both had grainy texture. The chocolate macadamia had extremely stale nuts. The depressing ambience fit this experience.
They don't take reservations and the hostess was rude and also inept. She seated a party of 2 at a 6 top table which meant the wait could have been even longer. Wasn't worth it. There's lots of good restaurants in Pittsburgh that take reservations and/or know how to seat people effectively. Go to one of those.
The staff is super nice!!! Easy to get along with. The pizza was great, I got the cheese special ($1 on Mon/Tues) with a drink and another slice of mushroom+pepperoni for only about $4! \n\nThe food is great and so is this little spot in eastside vegas.
Food was just ok and service was mediocre. It's a long walk to the top of Caesars forum shops to. Overall I wouldn't recommend nor go back.
Interesting but my hamburger was not good. Cheese wasn't melted, roll wasn't good, and beef was not juicy.
My hard drive crashed but I had an extended warranty that covered the cost of repair. The Geek Squad was very helpful, informative, and were very quick with thier turnaround time. I am happy to have my laptop back so quickly.
Lucky to have found Valentina!! My bridal boutique quoted me double the price for what Valentina charged me. She is AMAZING and she sure will make the alterations to your dress until you are happy and satisfied. \n\nA+ work!!! I have been referring my clients to her.
Erm, this place is closed or out of business? I went there yesterday about midday. All I saw inside was a painter's bucket and a couple of office desks. Their website says they're \"Now Open!\" but unless they've moved (there was no sign indicating this) the place doesn't exist.
I think it was expensive for what it was, cause it cost almost as much as Sea World in San Diego, but its much less than 1/3 the size. The exhibit in and of it self is interesting exotic and worth checking out, I would give more stars if the price wasn't so high. Lots of different wild life and educational.
The food was excellent as usual at Sullivan's. The filet medallions were great and the bone in ribeye excellent. The banana foster bread pudding was the perfect dessert. Alex our server was very attentive. The manager Stephanie went out of her way to make party feel at home.
Ordered the chicken supreme thin crust and it was okay. It didn't really look like thin crust and it was kind of soggy. They do put a lot of topping on it, but I would have rather gotten the thin crust at dominos.
The store is fine but what really ticks me off is their credit card. There is always a problem, always a hassle despite my perfect on time payments. Also it would be nice to see the plus size section stocked.
The food was so good.  The baba is awesome.  The children kabob with afghani style (Orange) was amazing.  Ask for the garlic sauce it was tasty. Overall great experience.
Had take out:\nNot impressed with the sushi.  \nPortion of the curry was large.\nGarlic chicken was the best thing we had.
Great chopped salad!  Outdoor area is quaint and has a beautiful view.  I've been there twice, the first time the service was pretty bad-our waitress was a mess, but the second time was the service was excellent.  The ambience and the salad will keep me coming back.
My sister ended up buying her dress from here but I was the one doing all the work.  They did not have any dress's pulled even though we had picked a ton of dresses online prior to our visit.  Staff was not good and very unprofessional looking employees.  Do not go to the PV location go somewhere else.
These place is a little slice of heaven they make the best donuts in my opinion in az if you get a chance to stop by its off the beaten path but its with the trip its a bit pricey at a dozen almost $10.00 but can also get the best Coney rt next door as well !!
The worst attitude at the counter.  It was the owner too. I hope to shout his food is good because his service skills stink. We turned around and walked out.
One of the best burgers I've had in a while, when you go in there, the place is full of  Definitely orders the fries because you get a A LOT of them and they are hot n fresh
Elegant foodie restaurant. Imaginative presentations and flavor combinations. Sorry we didn't have room for dessert.   Very good value.
The pool is cold, the rooms are huge, the mattresses are terrible. Take it or leave it. But you still have to sit through a timeshare presentation. Bleh
While outside it is advertised as a 24 hour drive thru, I waited 15 minutes with no service.
I was in philosophy and I can't believe they are having an event going on with the Canfield imaging camera on June 16-22 and you book your appointment plus. 30% off preorders and get a gift after you spend $65 wow that is terrific I am telling all my friends and family.
Very good food and slightly entertaining servers.
Come see janito if you want a consistent, sharp, clean cut.  I have found my place for haircuts FINALLY.  He is a perfectionist!
Solid burger chain. I really like the Spicy Baja style great with Burger. Good with grilled chicken. Wish they did a little more to the chicken. Still quality food though
The interior is fabulous. Lots of red. Gotta love that Commie theme.\nDidn't try the food but enjoyed the ice bar and the martinis.\nAnd of course, the people watching. (But then again, Vegas is made for people watching)
My kids look forward to visiting Sea life aquarium. We stop by every other week just to visit the sharks stingrays jellyfish and the octopus for about an hour just to say hi. The annual pass is a good value if you visit as often as we do.
All you can eat steakhouse...Chicken, Turkey, Pork, and Steak. Delicious hot and  cold sides. The staff is outstanding. One of my new favorites in Las Vegas
you might or might not find a good deal and gets really cold out during the winter nights.
Watery bloody and slow service. Terrible management.
After living on Maui for 12 years where we have the best sushi, I'm happy to find a place here for great sushi!!!  We'll be back for sure.
Good food and good beer. Shrimp and grits and the fish and chips are phenomenal! Only complaint is that the stout is 4.7% alcohol. Most great stouts  have 6% or higher. Other than that, it's all good. Don't go on a weekend night though, you will never be seated!
Bananas foster bread pudding was too much after I licked the bowl from my catfish and grits. If you don't leave the strip and try Lola's it doesn't matter how much you win you're leaving Vegas a loser!
This is a typical Bashas.  The store itself is very clean.  Produce looked fresh when we were there.  We purchased scallops which were really tasty and cheaper than Costco.  I can always find everything I'm looking for.\n\nThe workers are very friendly.  They always greet me with a smile.
Yes, they have a lot of beers on tap and that's why I gave it 2 stars. Otherwise, food was not good and the service was awful. Unless your going for the draft beer I would skip yard house. There are tons of restaurants in the area with better food, better service and beer on tap.
I gave this place a 2nd chance for breakfast. Apparently, when you ask for not tomatoes you get them anyways. :-/ I'm never going back there again
Cafe Au Lait seriously disappointing. Very weak, burnt taste. Chocolate croissant pretty good. Seating area to the side if you get lucky.
Megan is a great hair stylist - professional and meticulous.\n\nInterior of the salon is cool and everyone I have talked to was friendly and accommodating.
Good spot for brunch, but over priced
awsome little farmers market with everything from free range chicken to locally made cheese!! I got the sharp chedar!!
GREAT food, GREAT staff, GREAT atmosphere. The owners are very friendly and they interact with everyone. It is my new goto dining facility!!!!
Fun place with great drinks and a great view upstairs. The reason for the 3 stars is that the bartenders are  doucht and when I'm paying a lot for my drinks I expect them to be nice. Oh well.
I was so excited about this race but man was it a let down. It was overcrowded and at 8 miles when i hurt my knee there was no one to help me I asked for help from several people and they all said just keep going.  A major let down
Once again the R Bar lives up to its beautiful setting. The happy hour menu is fabulous and the drink specials are great! It was the perfect place to take out of town guests this week. It is always a good place to enjoy an early cocktail hour with friends. The Mojito is delicious!
The food is good, but the service is Horrible, had to wait 20 min just for someone to tell that we needed to order and that's after my girlfriend waved someone down like an SOS on the freeway, I never got a refill at all on my iced tea!!\nWill never go there again!!
Summary: every dish, and I mean every dish tasted like it was under a heat lamp for 6 hours. I expected much more. They had a great selection of sushi, classic Chinese dishes, stir fry counter, and extensive seafood bar. It is a shame that all were so bland. I will not be back.
Sat at bar for about 10 minutes and the bartender never even once looked in my direction to acknowledge me.
Late night bar service was awful, but food was pretty good.
This is the type of place that every airport needs. It has comfy seating. It has slamming tunes. And the food and drink are few notches above what is expected at an airport. Keep on, keeping on...
Best breakfast in Gilbert... No contest.
Good food, fast and friendly staff. I like their loyalty card system, have made use of that for some free food over the last year. Recommend the 3 soft tacos if you want to try the different flavours on offer.
The food & the restaraunt is a nice place but the waiting staff is beyond slow. My waiter Gina took 25 mins just to bring me water. I find it ridiculous that the service is so slow. The to go menu by the door lists different prices for happy hour items but the management barely wanted to honor it
Awesome find, one of the best kept secrets in Scottsdale/Phoenix ( thanks from my friend Tim)Corned beef hash, Huevos Rancheros was off the hook .. Even  the owner was out working tables and greeting customers - love to see that old school service. Food was exceptional!!
Whenever we get a floral arrangement as a gift, they usually come from Wallace Floral. I have called them on many occasions and complained that their flowers seem to fall apart and die just hours after receiving the arrangement. It's unfortunate that anything called through 1800-flowers comes through Wallace if you live on Mt Washington.
Food was average. Service average. Not worth the price at all. I was looking forward to a great dinner before a music show at the Cosmopolitan, and was really disappointed. Nothing was horrible. But nothing was impressive either. A bunch of servers hanging around doing nothing and we still had to wait 45 min for our food.
This is my go to spot for Chinese food. It's always fresh and yummy. I typically get the orange chicken with rice. The chicken is white breast meat and not prepared the typical deep fried way. Also their soups are good. Everything is always great and super fast takeout!
I did not like the food at all. Everything made me hack.
I really don't care for this park at all.\n\nThe park itself is quite large, but it is dirty. There are cigarette butts all around - it just doesn't look well taken care of.\n\nI would only take Sam here if I had no other options.
The food was good and I would recommend the rolls\nBut the appetizers should come out before you are done eating the rolls
The food was pretty good, but their drinks are what will bring you back. The $20 pitcher of margaritas are awesome.
The food was great but unfortunately, the service was horrible. Do not recommend if you have a party of 8 or more.
My watermelon juice was tasty. The boyfriend's BBQ bacon burger wasn't anything spectacular, but it was definitely decent. Overall it seems like a nice place.
This place is just okay.  I admit that I am picky about Italian food, but I really thought the good was boring, and slightly overpriced for what it was.  I do like the interior vibe of the place-- homey and not overly pretentious-- and our server was nice enough.
Food off the menu is pricey and not worth it! \n\nDim Sum is horrible! Reheated in the microwave after a long rancid stay in the carts. \n\nThis place used to be good 10 years ago, but I am so over it! Blech!
Planning a Trip to Brazil? if you know what I mean... This place is nice.\nThe employees were cool and laid back. They do employ some young girls which is weird, but they do know what they are doing.
Wow, is really what I have- from the great tasting food to the awesome customer service. We actually sat and visited for quite a while, great spot for that too. Priced conveniently for daily visits if were closer for me. Tastes true to the style, the employees are so friendly, and will most definitely be returning.
Love the concept-- I've had the horchata and mango con chile popsicles which were both great
love the pho and spring rolls !!! the best vietonamese restaurant !! i
I love Matt's. I hate the wait. But if you have the patience, it's worth it. Really yummy hash browns, waffles, and I am never disappointed with their specials. Irenia is super nice and remembers her regulars which makes it feel less like a conveyer belt of customers.
No only have we waited 8 min for someone to come over and take our drink order.  She tried to tell us we can only have the appetizers in the bar!!!!! WTF GET YOUR MANAGER NOW!!!!!
This place have very good chocolate but its like 8bucks for 3 truffles better off getting a herseys bar for 50 cents at walmart.
One of the best shows in Las Vegas. Worth the money they are charging. I didn't buy the best seats but my view was wonderful.  It was artistic, funny, beautiful stage and costumes, very talented performers....simply amazing.
Awesome bar, great food, nice beer selection and great staff. I highly recommend the fish tacos!
It was fun while in University, but if you're past that stage it's just the locals... the line ups are long during the hot nights and it's not really worth the wait if you don't know everyone inside.
Excellent service.  Extremely polite crew, timely and reasonable.  Removed 10-15 shrubs/ bushes and trees in perpetration for updated landscaping.  Cleaned up all areas,  replaced rock to the point you would never know a plant was there.  Couldn't be happier with the job they did.
Rio's World Buffet is good, not great, and at around $25 after tax/tip for lunch per person, I think you'll get the same quality at Luxor or Flamingo.  I think buffet's on the strip are all on par these days, so the only difference is the price.
Bad customer Service. They sell out of date items also. Way over priced as well, if your search a little better you can bet a better deal for the same item.
A cute and wonderful bakery with great service! I love the atmosphere and of course, their delectable pastries! The store is shared with a coffee shop and the weird thing is that you need to pay separately for your coffee and pastry! Otherwise amazing stuff to be had there! A must go in Verdun!
Stopped by with my daughter - they were open but unable to make pizza for 45 minutes!!  Huh?  Thanks for the heads up - no need to try again with competition everywhere.
About 20 minutes late starting my MRI but the tech was very friendly and helpful. The tech would've received 4.5 stars herself but the actual location is about 3 stars due to age, condition and not being very timely.
Drinks not comp when playing and very hi price. There is a reason it closed before, \nFood was so so for bar food\nHi priced
Has Gone Out of business
I don't understand all these terrible reviews. I absolutely love yans. My family and I eat here almost twice a week every week and we have yet to have a bad experience. The food is amazingly fresh and the service is always great. This place is family owned, and they will always greet you with a smile (:
Love the smoothies an Immunity drink
It was not bad.  '50s style atmosphere with a friendly staff.  Their prices were comparable to other frozen yogurt shops but their selection and topping selection is smaller than that of Yogurt-ini.  I would more than likely return though.  Check them out if you're in the area.
Drinks were really good. The food not worth the trip...(Crab & Corn Chowder, Seafood Mac & Cheese - Bad; Fish Taco's very average).  Atmosphere fun.  And, service was average.
This store is excellent. Don't get me wrong I still like Lee's Liquor but this place is huge, and set up a lot like Bevmo (california). I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for off the wall beer/liquor. Excellent customer service too.
Excellent design work and the email marketing program is the best on the market.  They do it all in terms of online marketing and won't blast you with crazy monthly fees like some of the others in town.
Best Italian in Madison. I recommend trying their seasonal vegetable dishes. It's a very nice restaurant where the staff are not snobs. Still can be a place for causal dining.
Clean tables and floor. Outdoor seating. Tasty fish tacos. Great place to stop for lunch.
This Kmart is one of the worst I gone to. It is very quiet and the people aren't very friendly. The shelves weren't very well stocked and there were things a mess in the aisles.
Went again for our weekly NaRai 'fix'....Tried 'FANTASTIC ROLLS\" which were clearly named by the first person to try 'em. Outstanding. LOVE this place.
What if I told you I would overcharge you for food that is mediocre on it's absolute best day and AND never get the order right. Would you keep going back? Well I had just had my last visit there.
I grew up on the Texas border and decided to give a Taco place in Charlotte a shot. Had the carne asada tacos on corn and they were great. Slightly greasy corn tort is just right! Good service too.
The food and service are good; however they don't have the Lemon Pepper Shrimp appetizer anymore.
The service at this location is slow, the prices are outrageous, the food is totally sub-par, the drinks are always made super duper weak, and they close really early. I don't suggest coming here for a good time. The servers are nice, but I would suggest going to a more delicious location.
All you can eat $25. How could you go wrong? The sushi is very good. And the hot food as well.
Had a Banana Cream Pie tSoynami and it was delicious, and grabbed a Vegan Victory Bar and even though it had a dark green color to it, it was still great to top off my Calexico Burger from Green next door...I'm def coming here more often
Good small market not too far from my house. Just what i needed,  philipino all purpose sauce for the lechon that my homies mom made for me. This store saved my life, close and convient.
Foods ok but They have really good customor service i posted a negitive yelp review and almost immediately i got a Message asking how They Could change my expirence. That completely changed my point of view also there Mac and Cheese is good according to a most kids.
I love what they did with the place. I played craps and black Jack for several hours. The dealers are awesome and the music and dancing girls are entertaining. Of course Fremont street is lots of fun, the band outside was great tonight!
I Love this place.  So much better than that horrible subway.  I love the sourdough bun and any meat you like.  You might want to double up on the meat though.
Will not return. Our food was cold, didn't taste good & service was not friendly.
All of can say is they are rude !! I had to pull teeth to have someone to help us...and then when she rang us up she didn't say a word and No thank you for shopping nothing... I love the store But hate the service
Ok good\nNothing special\nVery loud. Music is not conducive to having since, quiet meal
Probably will never gamble at this casino again.  I just can't seem to win here and the service from the casino staff seems to lack.  The only good thing I can say is that my host is very accommodating after my big losses.  Other than that the restaurants have all changed and have gone downhill as well.
Food and service were great.  The lobster benny is to die for.  It was a more than generous helping of lobsters on probably the best croissant I've had in my life.  Everything was a tad expensive, but I had reward credits to use up which made this free!
Awesome little hardware store in just the right place. It's nothing like a home depot. If you're looking to renovate your kitchen then this isn't the place. But for all the little things it's great
Solid pizza considering this is Las Vegas. For a Chicago chef I expected more, but definitely a better alternative to Grimaldis.
Best sandwich place in Las Vegas hands down. Their ingredients are fresh and always delicious. I just wish they were open on Saturdays also!
The best red sauce in town! I highly recommend trying!
Il y a des moments o\u00f9 vos papilles se souviendront toujours!!! pour bien conna\u00eetre les saveurs marocaines ce sont surtout vous yeux qui auront du plaisir
Sign up for the players club and get free goodies! I got a vegas T... Walk around the second floor shops for a nice view of the gondolas.
Good cheese pizza and the cops that go there as customers adds an extra feeling of safety.
One word: disgusting. Avoid at all costs.
Its ok, but I got sick from the corn dog. The cherry limeaide is alwayse a winner though.
The name says it all. I had to go here at least once a week to satisfy my craving. spicy chicken/beef Ho Fun my my favorite dish. There was a beef noodle stew which I also enjoyed. It gets packed there around lunch and dinner time so sometimes get take out.
Having traveled to Peru numerous times, I must say that the food here is equal to or better that what is available in Peru. We went there for lunch and went back to have dinner. The owners and wait staff work very hard so that your dinning experience is well worth a visit. Enjoy!!
Place never seems to amaze me just had them set a party pack for me in pretty much with no notice. They had it ready to go and it went over like a hit. Just goth oneself a new set of fan based customers to follow
Starting the new year off at our favorite place.  Happy anniversary Matt and Ryan!   It's been a great year!
Gross. Gross. Gross. \nThe food quality, service, and overall atmosphere all leave something to be desired. \nYou couldn't pay me to eat here ever again.
I ordered the Hawaiian pizza today and I have to say it was not good. The red sauce isn't bad but the cheese and meat were born. The garlic wings pretty good. And also the delivery time was very good. I would be willing to give more shot though.
I have never felt more taken care of by a company in my entire life. Ask for Marci, she is the best!
Not in my side of town, but really good!! Friendly staff, fresh ingredients and everything we ate was delicious! Had the steamed fish taco and the shrimp quesadilla.  Highly recommended and we will be back again!
Bad quality...$150 shoes completely wore off after only 3 months
this walmart is Terrible, they close early randomly on days that are barely holidays.\n\nAlso it is listed online as 24 hours but they are not 24 hour. It's super annoying.
I love my wet and sloppy ribs!
The food is great big juicy burgers, may need to share. The staff is fun and very helpful. A bit on the pricey side
Every time we come to this location, through the drive-thru, and ask for more sauce - the girl at the window always looks extremely annoyed to go and get it. Either she needs to not be so lazy - or move the damn fridge closer to the window so that she isn't \"inconvenienced\" by her job.
The food was god but really could not enjoy it to the fullest because of all the flies..there were so many flies inside and outside.landing on the uncooked food.. The guy sitting next to the meat made no effort to get the flies off the raw meat ... they really need to get that under control..
They have excellent brunch on weekends, the pancakes are not to be missed.
This place is pretty delicious. I've come here for a while and the food is consistent. I enjoy their cheesy beef and their delicious fries. \n\nSo if you like greasy food and ESPN, this place is for you.
Not sure why everybody is dogging this location. Been at this location a few times and the food is just as good as any other standard Chipotle.  Nice patio area to enjoy good food s well.
They lost my debit card and couldn't care less.  No apologies,  just \"cancel the card\" was their response.
Know what we like here?\nYou can avoid the singing.\nHang out, don't sing out.
First time and I wasn't impressed. Chicken is flavorless, dry and way too pricey. Will not return.
Decent bar, nice patio though it can be loud on E-Wash.  Good place to relax with a nice beer however I was disappointed they did not have more Belgians after being places like Brasserie V.  It would fit well with the decent bars on Willy street, but has the bonus of being porn-shop adjacent.
Argh!  Thought I could get some simple tires put on my car at this location.  Not a chance!  They took forever and now the car shakes going down the road.  Also, when trying to get it fixed, they made me wait for days!  Forget going back....need to find another place to get my car balanced now.
Its been an hour since we ordered our food... I came here at 6:45 and its 7:48pm... definently will not be coming back.
Amazing hospitality that felt like going home. They made sure that everyone did not leave empty handed. The bagels are fresh and without preservatives. The desserts are scrumptious.
This place was directly across from the hotel we were staying at and we got a 10% discount for being hotel guests, so we figured we'd give it a go. The service was excellent, the food was tasty, and it was inexpensive. I'd definitely eat here again if I was in the areal
Stopped in at their location at Terminal 2 near gate 9 prior to my flight.\n The service was quick and professional and there was not a line. Iced or hot yoy will be pleased with quality typical of the chain.
Great coffee and pastries here! The food selection is big and the staffs here are very friendly and welcoming. Definitely coming back again
I've been there in the past and enjoyed but after this past Saturday night, we wont be back.  Service was horrible food was ok.
Poke is not fresh, it was previously frozen. it's still good. This place is close to my house so I usually come by every week. The workers are friendly and helpful. I have yet to try the sushi side.
My wife and I had a great stay at the Wynn. It is truly a luxury resort. We will go back again next year.
2nd time here , even made a trip from the strip. The Place was very crowded, but it is soooo understaffed . sure the server was working her ass off , but not up to par , if i ask for a refill of water ,15 minutes is unacceptable. food was just so so .  will not return
Nope. Not worth it.
Not my favorite Amtrak location.  It's kinda dingy and in a not so nice location.  I will continue to use this station as it's the only one in Charlotte.... but it's nothing to write home about.
If you like shrimp dishes, this place could be for you. They have a plethora of shrimp dishes. We had a ceviche dish and a shrimp fajita dish. Both were definitely tasty.\n\nOverall, not an especially fantastic dining experience, but the food is okay.
Did not like it in general ambient is to overcharge , service us excellent but my meat was overcooked , big disappointment.
Best pizza that I've had so far in the Phoenix area!  It's not what you'd expect if you're looking at the place when driving by. Glad I gave this place a chance! The bruschetta and pepperoni are delicious!
Excellent service. Very good mushroom Kobe burger & truffle fries. Drink not as strong as I would like but acceptable.  Tables were clean & chairs very comfortable. Have eaten at this location before & have never been disappointed.
Absolutely delicious and entertaining, got to see our meal made in front of us, excellent food and service was okay, not great service but okay. Definitely will be coming back!
First time here I ordered the Clam Chowder bread bowl. I've had better clam chowder out of a can. If you like blah pricey seafood this is your place. Customer service is friendly but not very helpful.
Worst service of my life. The time between visits from our server was a minimum of 20 minutes every time.
Great dim sum, not enough stomach room to fit all the great food we saw.  Carts came around often, and with plenty of different dishes to choose from.
Real New Mexico Chiles here .... In the food and for sell if you make your own green chile stew at home.\n\nGreat food, outstanding atmosphere and service.\nEverything is made to order, so be patient!\nit WILL be worth it!
Those tostada shrimp bites were delicious, I wasn't excited about paying for chips & salsa. It is a great HH spot but the dinner menu was underwhelming
I think I like Salsarita's better. Chipotle is definitely better than Moe's. The service was not stellar. No smiles at all. It was my first time in a Chipotle & the assembly line mentality left a bad taste (figuratively). Not heading back anytime soon.
when in vegas am usually in the wynn side but this past weekend we tried the encore side...luv it..its just amazing..rooms very chic,gym,spa par none love it...
Very nice - had the best Bacon Bloody Mary. Great Burgers and the Pork Chili is very nice and spicy. So happy that I live right off Carefree Highway!
Service was bad and food was subpar.
Awesome food.  The hanger steak is irresistable.  Really enjoy that they usually have live music and it's free.  Great beer selection and serves food late.\n\nUnfortunately it can get packed on some nights (popular bands/events) and hard to get a table or even seat at the bar.
Fast food, good pricing!
I'm sorry but I gotta say if you are a sushi lover, you are not going to like this place. There are only few selections on Nigiri Rolls, and the fish were not that fresh. \nIt's a spot for drinks and games, but not for food.
Went in today for a full set and Han did a great job! He made them look short and natural just the way I like them! Thanks Han  see you soon!
This place serves the BEST Boba Tea in the valley.
Yet another visit, yet another soggy middle of the pizza.  This time it was very soggy and wet.  I did enjoy the sausage, salami and other toppings though.
The food tastes good, but I am trying to eat healthy and I found the protein to be skimpy and there is only white carbs to choose from.
Warning to parents wondering if they should bring kids -- lots of profanity in the show (dozens of occurrences) and some risqu\u00e9 humor I didn't appreciate.
I keep wanting this place to be better, especially at pasta dishes. It's kitschy, convenient, affordable. It is not inspiring, memorable, or even current. Maybe Robert Irvine could pay a visit
Meal was pretty average but would not go on a Friday night again. Very questionable patrons lots of leather tattoos and women that were overweight with tight clothes can you say cheap hooker!
Excellent wine choice. Reasonable value for a Las Vegas wine bar. Good entertainment on weekends with a laid back vibe. Great place for couples.
Great customer service, quick and easy service.  Highly recommend.  Got the job done after one of there so called Fast competitors couldn't do the job after 7 trys!!!
There is one good thing about this Walmart which is why I give 3 stars. The people watching here is top notch!!!!
BBQ is more than being \"SASSY\"... I've had some great BBQ in my time and this place hasn't found it yet! Either you have great sauce or superior smoke for your meat and they lack both!!! Plus they only have 3 tables so takeout is a must.
I like this airport, easy to navigate, the slot machines make me smile.  There seem to be more restaurants here than any other airport.  The food was good in all areas, restrooms were clean and there are pleanty of them.
Beautifully restored theatre... Wait, is there an echo in here? I do agree though. \n\nAttended a private event here, and was impressed by the space. Certain elements were not well executed though. 4 stars is fair.
Nothing special about this place.  Just fancy furniture and a pretty salon. They do terrible work, and are just rude.  There's better nail salons on eastern, so I doubt I'll be back here anytime soon.  It's also more expensive than the other shops.  Only positive is that they are clean.
I have never felt better int life then after a day at this spa. No more little old Chinese ladies will be touching this body again.
I am very happy at Deer Creek for the basic and as needed care of my dogs.  I do use low cost vaccinations from the many organizations around the valley, but the vets that I have used at Deer Creek have been punctual, friendly, knowledgeable and caring!  Thank you Deer Creek
Try pad thai spicey level number 6 togo, great place to go if you want to grab some food to bring up to your room especially after midnight. :-)
My front office experience with Pueblo was friendly and fast.  The xray technician was cordial and efficient.  Haven't had a billing problem.  But I do agree that the front offices of many medical establishments detracts from the medical professionalism of the enterprise.  Hope this isn't true with Pueblo in the future.
I have flown in/out of Vegas several times, this review is for a lay-over so I cant comment on Security. I did play the slot machines (hey I'm in Vegas!!) and did get dinenr to go from PeiWei.
Food came out cold! \nAlso the taste was off on the wing sauce and they wouldn't exchange it for another sauce so I wasted money. The management seems rude! I recommend not going here.
This Einstein's is very nice and clean inside. I was surprised to find that they had a large variety of bagels very late in the day. The bagel was fresh, staff quick and courteous. Convenient location right off of Lake Mead Blvd.
bacon! bacon! bacon! and every other kind of bacon!
My wife and I have been a couple times and love it. Clothes on massage but it's been better than most full massages we've had. Can't beat the price either. Call ahead if it's a weekend, otherwise you probably can walk in anytime.
Bad service. I felt uncomfortable, and there were no restrooms to wash up after eating jerk chicken off the bone.
This is the worst place for delivery!  They put you on hold for close to 5 min when you call, then it takes well over an hour to deliver the food (we live less than 5 miles away). The food is decent but not worth the hassle of having it delivered.
The mushroom goat cheese quesadilla is so yummy and a respectable amount of food. The sangria was delicious, albeit a bit pricey. The churros with chocolate sauce are totally worth saving room for! The patio atmosphere is really nice as well.
Horrible place- stay away. Filthy hallways, ice machines all broken, graffiti in elevator. My room smells like dog piss. There was dog poop on the hallway floor by Pepsi machine. This place is awful. Stay away!
I was in a bind. I hold my head down
Service is friendly, place was clean yogurt is delicious. Go for the peanut butter yogurt.
Great neighborhood bistro. Food is fantastic and service very good. Nice ambiance. Great and affordable wine selection. Relatively easy to get a good table.
We have been here 3 times since they opened.  Food is so yummy, specialty drinks amazing and the service is off the charts friendly, attentive and fun.  So excited they are open.
Good place to go when visiting your grandparents from the midwest.  grandma and grandpa will love it because the waitress knows exactly how grandpa likes his oatmeal!  You'll tolerate it because you see the waitress being nice to your grandparents.  Cinnamon rolls were pretty good!
Excellent food and service and great atmosphere.
Everyone at the company that I worked with: from Rob to the installers, were all amazing - very responsive and professional.  If you live at Veer, they know the steps that have to be taken to reserve the dock etc... and makes the entire process smooth and efficient.
Fun place. Great food. Joint them every Sunday for Watching Dead, the Walking Dead viewing party, hosted by the cast of Evil Dead the Musical. Followed by karaoke.
The variety of gelato offered here is amazing. They are very rich and flavor and very light. I understand the hype behind this place. The employees are very courteous and very friendly and help you find what you are looking for. When in Vegas, you must stop by
Is very old.  Most of the arcades ate not working or just taking the tokens.  There is no customer service at all rude workers. Will not go back for sure. Dirty and bad.
I always get the beef tendon, uni with ikura, foie and rice bowl, and anything different from the chalkboard specials that the server goes over at the table.the agedashi tofu is a must as well!
This is a great hole in the wall place. The chicken fusion tacos were pretty amazing and so was the bulgogi burrito. We also had the yummy chips and salsa with guac. So good and so cheap, only spent about 10 bucks!
I've only been here once so my review is probably not worth much but I thought the food was really salty. That's probably why I haven't been back since. \n\nThe restaurant is nice though, service is good, and easy to find.
Lots of great watches for $40-$120. Collector's watches and new fashions. They do but very minor repair work on site so that can be a real bummer. Lots of great stuff, shirts,hats,sunglasses,purses and time pieces.
This place is great! My kind of late night food. The people who work here can be a little strange at times, but i think they mean well. Go for the chicken tacos!
Nobody likes a long wait for food and soggy fries :-/
Went to Marcella's  for the second time.  I ordered a Margherita pizza.  This pizza is always made with fresh tomatoes.  Marcella's version tastes like canned tomoatoes on the pizza.  There were four of us in the group and no one was impressed with their food or the service (very slow).
Curry chicken! Best deal ever.. their lunch specials are great.. It's great for a quick, convenient  run in and get out type place with tasty dishes
Seriously soo good. They make your sandwich huge and use really fresh ingredients. So much better than Subway or Jimmy Johns!! Get the sweet peppers on top!
This is a great place. Fantastic sandwiches, nice selections for beer. The staff is very nice and courteous! If you around the area, stop on by.
This is my go-to brunch spot: consistent, high-quality ingredients and polite staff. If you are feeling indulgent, try a morning bun before they sell out. Otherwise the brioche french toast or feta scramble are wonderful.
evrything was great but somehow didnt like the seeting , noisy old style dinner in nowdays breakfast service, dont know
The coffee cake is delicious, no doubt. Yesterday morning I had the carnitas omelet. Very bland and very light on the 'carnitas' part. Not my favorite meal here. Will not be back anytime soon. Can definitely find better and similarly-priced (if not cheaper) breakfast eats in town.
Came here for the Mocha Shake ( coffee/ chocolate blended with ice cream instead of ice)  just to find out they discontinued it....\nFAIL\nNot coming back here ever again.
The sushi was excellent but the service was so slow it ruined the whole experience. It took 15 minutes between each dish, including dishes ordered together. It was the first time I've left an all-you-can-eat place still hungry.
Have adopted 2 cats from here. The staff is very friendly & helpful. The cats were healthy and playful. Very clean & sanitary.
Love this! Heathy options and a great place to grab a quick lunch with a friend or to get some work done! The food is delicious. Especially the bacon. Whatever you do- order something with bacon on it! It's so good.
Thank you for being open Christmas day. I needed batteries for my kids toy and they where open. They were pushing the cheap ones but I stuck my guns and got the energizer.
interesting menu, pretty eclectic.  there for lunch and it was pretty quiet but I expect it rocks out with the college crowd in the evening.  had the cobb salad which was pretty good, blue cheese was tasty.  friends had their special fries with their burgers and didn't care for them.
Cheese omelet by itself was ok, a little bland, but the sauce on it made it good.  The has browns were nice and crunchy.  They have this really cool dessert that looks like a burger with fries that I wanted to try but forgot to go back to get it.  Next time!
Slow service and 15-20 for mediocre philly cheese steaks.  Sandwiches and fries do not have a lot of flavor.  Also the televisions are blaring loud, if you have sensitive hearing beware.  Seating is limited.
Dig the clean contemporary interior and pretty people there. The drinks are pretty reasonable too. There is just \"something\" missing in there...not sure what, maybe it needs another area of seating or something, all in all I dig it.
Good Sliders and Chili Cheese Fries
You can't go wrong with any of the food options here. It's all FANTASTIC!! It can be a little pricey but worth it.
Food was good..\nonly people there\nservice was good.. waiter seemed a little socially awkward, maybe his first waiting job.\nGreat bloody mary!
I have eaten at Sammys many times and each time it has been great! I usually try something new each time Im there. The shakes are killer!
Good sushi and best deals at lunch and happy hour! My favorites are the yummy tuna tacos and Vegas roll are to die for. The chirashi bowl is tasty lunch.
The sushi rolls were huge as was the variety. It was hard to choose. All the rolls we ate were excellent especially the Boston roll. Was pleasantly surprised to get a beautifully prepared and tasty dessert after. Must go back to try more.
The search to find a place that even compares to our favorite, Grand Dragon, continues. Tasty house just doesn't measure up, the Kung pao is flavorless, the egg rolls are just blah and the dumplings greasy. Another one bites the dust.
Went Way downhill in last few yrs I guess.  Crappy server...mediocre food and beverages for too much money.   Too bad...we need more decent restaurants on the west side
The chili cheese dog was to die for...it still had that awesome snap when I bit into it. The taste was amazing. Service was good and cheese fries I got to dip myself. I will be back!
Decent place, Large and spacious but the employees aren't too friendly unless they know you.  I like there coffee but because they make their coffee in this location you smell really bad when you leave.  Only a few outlets for laptops.  But better than some other Tempe coffee shops.
We waited over 15 minutes to get our food! The place was almost empty. When I went to ask why it was taking so long they said it would be right out. The food then came out cold and not very good. The potato wasn't hot, chopped salad had huge pieces of lettuce. I wouldn't go back.
My friends and I stopped by here for lunch before going to Encore beach. I had the sloppy Joe's sliders and it was the cure to my semi-hangover feeling. \n\nOther than that, I would say that the presentation of the dishes and the decorations/ambiance was pretty.
Amazing food, friendly staff, EPIC desserts, peaceful environment & the tea is to die for!
Odd thing about this place - the biscuits suck.  They are a weird combination of sweet and very \"heavy\" tasting. The grits are really good though.  Menu items are hit or miss.  A lot better than le peep.
I can't believe their doughnuts are vegan! The Boston Cremes are amazing. They also have soy milk for the coffee.
Good place, not great. Atmosphere was more casual than classy or sensual. Margaritas were ok, not too strong if your looking for that. Did have the badger game on and the server was friendly, probably the only pluses.
Food was hit or miss.  We ordered several different items off their happy our menu. Pork sliders were decent. Not sure if this place will make it only because us and another table were the only ones there for the 45 minutes we ate.
We stayed at the Hampton Inn and we ended up having a nightcap there and a dessert. We were very comfortable and we felt very safe. Even if I was alone I would feel great going here. The wait staff were terrific
Great food! Hot & Sour soup is amazing.  Delivery does take a little long but it's worth it.
This was our first stop this mtl trip. Fries were crispy. scotch eggs were okay.  Curried fish mayo sauce was good  House beer was very good. service was great.
These guys have the best of a number of classic Indian dishes in town. Unfortunately not the best mango ice cream or gulab jamuns in town but I'm more of a savory guy anyways. I never knew I liked goat until I tried Indian food! Great job Maharani!
Love this place! Always good food and great service! We had a private room which was great.
Dozen's cupcakes are okay. This location is super small. More than six people and it's really crowded! I have had much better cupcakes at Oakmont Bakery. I do really like they're brownies though!
Stay away from the service department! 3 hour wait for an oil change. $100 to replace $25 worth of airfilters. No loaner vehicles. The sales staff may be different, but I will never by a car there if I have to deal with that service again.
I am from the SF bay area and have been missing Pho. Pho Kim 88 has very good for Pho for Pittsburgh. The place is a little out of the way but worth it. It comfortable and clean and you can BYOB.
Way too salty! It was too salty to point that you could barely eat it. The meat slice was good though but the overly salty soup base defeated everything. \nI might go back just to give it another shot. Maybe...
Hands down the best buffet for breakfast in all of Las Vegas!  If the amazing crepes don't put you into a state of nirvana, I don't know what will.  We come here every time we are in town.
Excellent sushi, excellent drink specials, finally a cool place right on the corner. This is the one that stays.  If you go, tell them Member #1184 sent you!
I'm not sure I even realized this was here before tonight.  Thank goodness it is!  From time to time you just gotta have some DQ.  The kids behind the counter were pleasant, respectful, and pour a hearty cup.
Worst Honey chicken , fried rice was just ok, seems quality has gone down since my last visit
Boooooo! Our very nice owner sold her bomb Indian/Pakistani restaurant (was great for lunch buffet)! New management means no more lunch buffet and steeper prices. Definitely not-so worth your time or money! \n\nThey kept the same name so do not be fooled!
Love it! - totally fresh take on sandwiches. The ingredients are awesome and the bread is incredible.  Turkey is real not butterball slices. The mix of white meat and dark meat is super good.\n\nYou have to try it.
Great happy hour menu. The rolls are pretty stacked! We ordered two of every roll because the waitress informed us only 5 pieces came with each roll for hh. It was SO much food but pretty darn good sushi.
I'm staying at the hotel and compare with others hotels around in Vegas, this is not the best. However,  the buffet here really stands out;  I coundnt belived how fresh and good it was.  Go for the buffet. It won't disappoint!!!
I just popped in to see what it was like, didn't gamble or eat. The casino is very clean, and it looks like they did some renovations. I don't think many people visit, so if the rates are right, I may plan a stay here in the future.
I've been going to the Visulite since it opened.  It's my favorite live music venue in Charlotte.  So many great bands have hit this stage.  Most of the staff have worked here since the beginning.  Great atmosphere.  Many wonderful memories!
Great food, great atmosphere, and great service. Can't really ask for much more. I'll definitely be back.
Was a fan growing up but was not impressed with their live show.  Though I didn't expect insane theatrics, I expected a bit more entertainment value.
Chae our waiter gave excellent service, very knowledgeable on dry aging processes.  I will definitely recommend it to my hotel guests!  Very reasonably price. Each entree has inclusive sides with price.  Must check it out!
Good simple American Italian food. Prices are great. Service is pretty fast. \nAvoid Wednesday night as it's Lowery organ test night. Loud old-time music. Not sure why.
This place is a dive bar for the people that love a REAL dive. Many of the patrons are questionably high... the bathrooms are gross. Sadly it's one of the better venues for punk music so I'm sure I will be there again.
1&1/2 hours waiting in line to get to the counter . Unacceptable will rent with one of the other companies next trip to Las Vegas
Horrible.  The salad bar was decimated and messy.  The service was erratic.  I will be shocked if this place is still in business by February.
The food here is so mediocre as to be funny.  But the place itself holds a special place in my heart.  I spent many a high school half-day with my friends sitting in the trolley.  And I always loved the decor.  It was like walking into a mansion that is some old-timey wonderland.
My wife and I have been coming here for two years now and have always had an amazing experience!  Try the mac and cheese!  The great selection of wine is great, too!  We also enjoy the friendly staff and atmosphere.  This is our favorite restaurant in town.  We have tried many, many restaurants in Las Vegas, but we keep coming back here!
I am just unimpressed with this campus. The whole place seems dirty and poorly maintained.
Been to that restaurant from time to time since 15 years and for the past years, the food quality and service have plunged and downgraded.  On my last visit, found a pubic hair in my soup and no apologies from the server or management.  This is how to chase away customers for good.
Excellent! Toujours satisfait... Les tables d'h\u00f4te a 30$ le dimanche soir... R\u00e9galeront vos papilles!
Great yogurt. Great toppings.  I love the Oatmeal Cookie Yogurt. ITS WORTH A TRIP TO NORTH SCOTTSDALE!!!
Delicious fish~ fresh and great quality. However small portions and it's pricey.\nThe server seemed irritated that I did not want to order a $300 bottle of sake.
Tiny, crammed little Canadian Tire full of crazy! I've never tried to return anything so I can't speak to that, but if you want to feel dizzy and grab something quick with your Canadian Tire bucks, this is your local joint.
Food was great but not as great as out waiter Anthony ABad he really made our dinner awesome and gave us the best service We will be back and will make sure to sit in Anthony's section
Great rooms, lovely hotel, fantastic for kids.\nGood buffets & restaurants. \nBig water park with lazy river and wave pool. \nNice rooms with view of the strip. \nCheap & Cheerful!
The food is ok. The parking is one of the worst locations in Phoenix...My coworkers and I decided to find another place to get Pizza at lunch. The parking is never available at lunch. there are 3 Restaurants and 2 small parking lots.
Just one kingsize bed per room! Couch could be converted into a second bed, but it is very uncomfortable. It's the worst I ever slept on! Also a fixed fee of about 25$ per day for internet and pool is by far too much!
This place hits the spot.  French pressed coffee is excellent, fresh squeezwd oj and delicious food.  This place made me a member of the clean plate club.
What a great place! Amazed with the customer service. Never been to a place before that goes so above and beyond for a customer like the manager Kaitlin and her Staff.
I have never eaten here before and I must say it was a phenomenial experience!  Carlos was our waiter and he was so great! As a manager of a business I could tell he loved his job! I would highly recommend!!
A unsuccessful copy of Johnny Rockets. Food is ok at best...nothing stands out. Your paying for the 50's feel. Bacon chzburger, side fries and bottle water $20. Not worth it
Came in for a drink, and whilst they had a lot of whisky (as the name suggests) it was *very* expensive and rather cramped!
Love this place I always buy my boys clothes shoes and socks from here and all the little extra stuff. The staff is so nice and helpful they rock
the beer and food are good but the fact that this place allows smoking period is completely unacceptable.
This place is ridiculous. I went inside and stood in line for 10 minutes watching the staff just screw around in the kitchen every 30 seconds looking over at me right in the eyes while they weren't doing anything. It was very frustrating as a customer, I walked out and I'll never walk back into this place again.
Food is really good.  Service is friendly but painfully slow.  Slow to get drinks.  Slow for empty plates and glasses getting cleared from your table.  I think they just need to hire more bussers to help servers.
Another Fox concept success. Tried it and really enjoyed everything about it. The service, the food, and especially the outside seating area. Just a beautiful place to go chill.
Brand new restaurant - little brother of well knowned tapeo. On the same street but With a more modern and hipsy look !\nService : 100% passionnate and so sweet !\n\nSitting next to the Windows or at the bar: two excellent choice !
Ate dinner here again,and as expected the bomb!!! If you like mexican food go to ponchos the pollo fundido is to die for!!  The service is awesome.
It is a typical airport Starbucks.  They really need to be more efficient when people are needing a bite to eat and coffee before they board their flight.
We had VIP passes as part of our premier package of \"O\" we got to the club about 12:30, where, we were promptly ignored. \n\nThis club is the epitome of \"small\" man syndrome. The bouncers are total douche bags.
This place is always busy, and mistakes are made with otherwise simple menu items.
Really great Buffet!! Good selection of foods. Quality is ridiculous!! Worth the wait.
Rudest Starbucks I've been to. Paid $7.50 for coffee. You'd think you get a 'thank you' at the register right? Nope! Top it off the drink was ready, got place on counter called name and straw thrown. Lol wow!
Terrible. Very unkind waitresses with\nout any smiling at all were eating right next to guest table, not taking care of order. Worst thing was unsanitary. Do not ruin your taste and mood.
Was told we could be on the VIP lost for my lil sisters wedding. Sounded great... Except they wouldn't let us on the inside of club??  No problem if they told u that??  Too crowded and the shots are 16$.. Really??  Never again. Waste of time.
Cheap and gross. Trashy people everywhere... I'm not just talking about IP, but Vegas in general. But especially IP. How did I ever let my friend convince me to come stay here? Awful!
3 stars for the revolving carousel bar.  \n\n\"Bazooko's Circus is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday nights if the Nazis had won the war. This was the Sixth Reich. \"
One of the worst buffets I've been to. Paid $50 for two adults. The food selections were limited and looked like they had been sitting on the hot plates for a long time.
I love the Tempe Marketplace! So much fun and lively people there. So many shops to check and restaurants to eat at. I will definitely be making more trips here once we move to Arizona.
Slow service when they weren't even half full, burned mac and cheese served without blinking an eye, and pretty much mediocre food all around.  If you're headed here, sit at the bar, and chat with the bartender, and service is a hell of a lot better.
Good Korean food in the Valley continues to be difficult to find.
The best goat curry and Kulfi!\nyum yum yum
Pricey, noisey, tasty.. I will go else where
I was expecting so much more, especially because it's Mandalay Bay. Very disappointed. Food wasn't great and not much of a variety. I doubt I will give this place another try.
I give 4 stars, based on its class of restaurant.  Obviously it's not a fine dining establishment, but everything is good here, for what it's worth.  Good service, good food.
This place has really gone down hill. I'm here now been waiting 45 min for my food I'm also with my 3 year old and if your a parent you know it's hard to keep them calm that long. Food is just not right I really prefer the ahso on 60 and bell. Last time I ever come here.
Thank you, Manager Frank, for covering our entire bill yesterday, including beverages, after our order got lost and we waited a long time for our food. The food was good, too. Try the new grilled chicken and honey pepper shrimp over cubed potatoes and green beans!
Great burgers great tater tots.  Nice beer selection.  Plenty of TVs to catch the big game.  Friendly service.  I highly recommend.
Ok.here it goes just to let you know. The food is not cooked at this location.Its delivered from the old location.would not go to this location ever.food had no flavor and the service was not good.save your money.
Just bought a car C250 from Mercedes Benz Of Henderson, the best car buying experience ever! The finance Manager Paul Williams was great to deal with! All around 5 Star experience!! Thank you Mercedes Benz Of Henderson!!!
The friendly folks who work here are super nice and took very good care of my dog!  The price, as well as the customer service is superb and I will be coming back monthly for Bailey's grooming needs.  They also paint nails, which is a huge plus in my book!  I recommend this place to anyone with dogs!
Wonderful shop, friendly staff, great coffee with people who know how to truly make it.
the sushi was so-so, but the service was slow and the prices were bad. they also were out of soy paper the day i was there which was a let down. there are plenty of other delicious sushi/japanese places in the valley. really no need to go here. also, they serve their edamame cold.
Do not take your car here. They ripped me off. The owner is full of shit. Take your car/truck elsewhere.
Coffee is good, Internet sucks. Kept getting kicked off and then waiting forever to connect then not connect. I realize it's free but there are plenty of other places in the area that are also free and that I don't have problems with. Upgrade please!
The employees here were extremely helpful and very nice. They helped me find exactly what I was looking for and very quickly at that. I definitely recommend this Ace for anything and everything you may need.
Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon service was friendly but our order of a California burger came out as regular cheeseburger and our fries were cold and soggy. Both of us said we would never be back.  Mediocre at best.
Love the local coffee houses! Gotta support them. I've been coming in for girls nite & every time have had a great experience. The iced chai is soooo good. I'm hooked. Great music & comfy sofa to relax & chat for hours w the girls. I'll be back for sure.
Can this place get an order correct the 1st time? I think not!
Dr Micheal Palamone is a very experienced doctor who efficiently woke up the natural healing instincts of my body! He uses multiple tools to assist his patients but his skillful hands are a credit to the Chiropractic profession!  I recommend him to other friends sincerely, Francis Bruce Marion BS, DC
My boyfriend and I love this place!  The variety of flavors and toppings available are great and not to mention the fact you get to serve up your own concoction :)  Also, the place is cheaper and in my opinion better than Mojo Yogurt.  It's the perfect place to go when you need to satisfy your sweet tooth.
I can't believe how awesome this service was! My boyfriend and I thought it would be a hoax, but everything came out perfectly! No waiting in line, free admission for both of us and a free drink for me! Thanks Chris!
The sound here is never what it needs to be, always distorted and unclear. Plus I have had nothing but poor experiences with bouncers and coat check (sometimes doubling as both). I shall not be returning.
Repairs have been completed and love their service!
**Free Wifi** wins my heart every time. There aren't many charging stations but there are plenty of rocking chairs. I've been here a few times and I always enjoy my short layover here. There are a lot of Starbucks scattered throughout so have no fear, plenty of java here.
Eh it's ok, I was hungry needed coffee....it did the job. Hollandaise sauce tasted a bit off, pancakes were good though but I wouldn't come back, Denny's food is probably better.
Food was great ! Staff was very friedly ! I will be back ! Thanks :))
This place is fantastic - great coffee, beer, good music and space to do work if you need it.  The people who work here are extremely nice and attentive, and they all have a good sense of humor.
If you are looking for an over-priced dorm like atmosphere then this is definitely the place for you.  Loud parties, underage drinking, and plenty of side-stepping the puke left in the elevators and resident floors from above mentioned guests.  This place is treated like a toilet and management has done nothing about it except raise the rates.
This GetGo is always hopping, and I assume it's from customers using their Fuel Perks to their advantage.  The place is clean and it feels safe, but often it is so crowded there is a wait to pump gas.  The parking lot is small, so it's not that easy to maneuver around.
The owner and mgmt. just DONT CARE. Why is it that this location has the worst review of any capriottis in town ? I rest my case.
Been here twice. 99 cent margaritas are standard and what you'd expect. Food is also standard. Price is right for the food.
Great feel to this place it is unique.  Friendly helpful staff. Fresh crisp vegetables and the hummus is to die for. It was an experience.  Loved it. Price is worth it. Atmosphere was calm, soft music perfect setting to anjoy a good meal. Might be considered a hole in the wall.
Very limited menu and very dirty.   Guacamole was good, but the fajitas were average.  The doors to the strip were open, but the AC couldn't keep up.  Wait staff was indifferent.   Would not recommend.
Tried a few items and a flight of all of their craft brews.  Service was great as well as the food.  The manager came over and chatted us up and offered up a sample of their Octoberfest, which was really good as well.  I will definitely come back.\n\nTry the baby brats
The atmosphere was fun for football but the food was poor. Cold nachos and they are supposed to be that way? I won't be back and you should think twice if you are hungry.
My lengua was not fully cooked and honestly gross. The ordering is very weird and annoying. I'm not one to complain a lot, but the food is not worth the hassle of ordering and paying at a seperate part. Especially cold food.
Great selection on beers!!! Too bad I can't say the same for the service or the food.
Come here whenever in vegas for good quality and affordable price Vietnamese food.  It always hit the spot, especially after wasting all my money on the strip.  After being on the strip, all the food seems so cheap.  Very big portions too.  Definitely a must stop after losing all your money on the strip and need some great tasting food.
I dont have much to say but i ordered the eggplant dish and my girlfriend ordered tofu dish and they were both delicious, flavorful, and spicy! Ive been here twice so i have no complaints. We ordered bloody marys and it came out pretty good.
Anyone who doesn't like this place is an idiot. Even some of the sushi snobs I know love this place.
I liked this place.  First time there and has a huge dive feel to it.  Big place that has lots of space to view the games at.  It's a steelers bar so watch what you say.  Got the fried chicken and it was delish.  Definitely not fine dining but good dive food
**CLOSED ALERT**\nWent to Fuzzy's Chicago Pizza last night and found a sign posted on the door saying Repossession. Kinda weird though as they had alot of patrons and they also had a Help Wanted sign in the window.
I used their Himalayan salt plate for months on end to cook up fish and seafood. Definitely a worthy purchase. I always enjoy stopping by this place and checking it out. It's kinda like a candy store for cooks. This place is a hot spot for holiday shopping!
I really enjoy shopping here. The place is always clean, great selection of produce, and friendly service!
\"Worst wifi ever\" or \"no wifi at all\". They charge resort fee that covers everything in closing basic wifi but wifi doesn't work. So sad. At this point, the only good thing about MGM was Tom and Jerry.
Simply amazing, visiting from NM and a friend suggested the Cafe Rio, at first I was a bit skeptical but WOW!\n\nStaff were a bit frantic and unorganized but the food made up for it!
I love their fish. Its yummy! Churros was good too.
i get lost almost every time i go here, but once i get there, i'm always pleased. \n\nevery show i've ever been to here has been amazing. i've never been frustrated with the sound there, which is usually a big issue for me.
The food wasn't very tasty. The bathrooms will make you leave and not even ask for your money back.
Made an appt and I got right in. Got new tires in 30 mins. Less time than they told me. Everyone is nice also.
Pretty decent pub with a good feel. The food isn't special but it gets the job done. The interesting part about this place is the bull riding, even if you don't want to go yourself you just need a spot with a view of the action.
Good food good service. Had the chicken quesadilla. This place is kind of hidden but was a nice spot.
I loved this place and would eat here almost once a week, but i went there Friday (5/27/11) and it said it was closed and relocating.
It had a name change to char broiler, I had never eaten here as chix so I cannot comment on the past. The beef bowls we had were very good, meat was melt in the mouth tender.
The food was average at best. There were no plates to be found on multiple stations. The prime rib was extremely rare, and we like rare but not that rare! The flow of the restuarant was not organized and did not seem to have any thought to it. I would not go again.
Not bad for cardboard. On second thought I may have accidentally eaten the box. In all seriousness, I would pass and find another place. Pizza was over cooked and had little flavor.
Not good. Just not good. From service to food it leaves a lot to be desired.
Super cute dive bar with friendly staff and patrons.  Cheap drinks, darts and a jukebox are entertaining.  Loved it!
Beautiful studio, amazing instructors. Everyone is so friendly. Wonderful neighborhood yoga/fitness facility without that gym feeling. Great place to get in shape, meet new friends and learn how you can keep healthy! I highly recommend Studio North Yoga & Dance! Zumba Fitness classes are a MUST!
Really good hunan food. Spicy is the way to have it! The fish and kidney were some of the I have ever had.
Seafood delight was okay. The rice tasted like it was reheated a few times. Overall, the food and service was just okay
I said I want them as thick as you can and she made them as thin as she can.
Since my last review we have been back to see if service improved. I am pleased to say we had a great time and look forward to many more good times at Cantina Laredo
Management is awful. I do not recommend this place.
K. I'm not a fan of the neg, but coldstones is my least favorite kind of icecream. Some people love it. I don't know what it is about the ingredients. But it didn't taste right to me. Maybe because I'm do used to real foods.
The staff is super nice and service is always fast.
Very good pho. I've had better, but I was very pleased with theirs. I ordered spicy but I had to add sriracha. Perfectly hit the spot after traipsing in the snow.
order a claypot from the menu it come out different they substitute my chicken to pork spare ribs without telling me
This is the second time I visited and I got somebody else. I had to guide her every step of the way. She is also not very gentle when it comes to filing. The massage part was also lacking, or barely there. The nail job itself came out good as far as the color went.
Obviously its not the best place to stay when you're in Vegas, but you know what, the service staff is nice, and the location is great! Smack dab in the middle of the strip.. If you don't want to spend a lot of $$ on a hotel room this is the place for you!
Best Beat Buy in Vegas!!
Excellent food on all our visits. Went with a friend on a gluten-free diet. The gluten-free pasta w pomodoro sauce is worth another visit.
food is decent but english is the second language. my order has been messed up more than once so i stop going.
This walmart may carry everything under the sun, but let me tell you about the hair I found on my sliced deli meats. This guy gave me a sample with hair on it. When I told him he just smiled. Thanks walmart for continuing to suck!
Fantastic location on the Strip. Wonderful staff. Got an upgrade on arrival. Amazing rooms with great views. Cannot wait to get back to Vegas!
solid four and a half. Good food, great service. The crab was super fresh and I likes the offerings and desert. I would have this as my top seven buffets in Vegas!
Ordered take away at 2110 on Thursday evening. 14 inch seafood. \u00a316. prompt service but not great value for a slightly too soft pizza. I suppose that crisp delivery pizza is almost a contradiction in terms.
Love this place! Great deal and beautiful nail designs!!
ANDY no longer works at this location and now lives in Seattle, WA.. :(
So yummy! my definite go to spot when I'm in Vegas! very fresh cuts of fish and generous portions of fish to rice ratio. presentation was also very nice. i cant wait to go back, its the kind of place where you feel like your at a family members house and are very welcome to be there.
This place rocks. I was in from Cleveland and walked in after reading the yelp reviews. I was really glad I did. Jason was not only a great barber, but has some really great stories. Make sure you ask him about the photo they have hanging with the guy who looks like Scott Baio.
Community theatre gets a bad wrap for being amateur and unprofesh. This place however is home to some solid semi-professional troupes that pay actors. I've seen several productions from various resident companies, and its cool that because the building houses so many, there's a wide range of stuff to see onstage.
Stopped here for quick bite to eat before a show we were going to.  Had chicken nachos and ahi ahi tachos. Tacos were good but real small and pricey. Nachos were pathetic not worth the money.  Service wasnt great either we sat at the bar and even though its small we hardly seen the bartender.
Great spot, great coffee, great food.  My favs are the Americano, best in town and the breakfast panini.  Great way to get the day going.   Paul and Jenny run a great business make sure you stop by to support a great local shop!
Got the Veggie Sub from here and it was pretty good. The service was fast and friendly and all the ingredients tasted very fresh. The sandwich was neither dry nor soggy and seemed to hold everything okay. I wish that they had more choices of bread BUT otherwise I enjoyed my food.
The food was decent but the prices they charge is a sh*t load of $$$. The atmosphere was HORRIBLE!!! The music they play at night time is just old lame ass music from Pitbull, Daddy Yankee, & other lame ass reggaeton music.
Very good Pho! I've had beef noodle soup in several US cities and this ranks among the best. I had beef and shrimp and it was awesome. The broth was very clear and flavorful. The customary vegetable plate was well presented and as fresh as I've seen. It's a can't miss here!
Went here for a girls night out. The food was good but, not anything special. The portions are great which makes it worth the price.The restaurant has a really nice atmosphere.The place was clean the waiters were really friendly and attentive to our needs even though they were extremely busy.
I have been Goyemon's customer since they open, feel really bad to see its getting worst here. Hostess ( long dark hair ) has a real bad attitude, set at the sushi bar, looking forward to have some fun time, the older chef Harry acts like I have killed his dog. Bad experience!
if you're looking for a nice night out, keep looking...
One of the slower Starbucks I have ever been to lately.  Are they union employees?  They managed to screw up my order too.
The food is pretty decent. Our waitress Deena was awesome. The only thing that gets me is the music is more hip than I expected. Country western isn't allowed, you would think otherwise given their name. Prices were.....o.k.
David and the auto repair team at LeSueur have been great to work with. I feel that they are consistently honest in the work that they do on my vehicles. They were kind enough to drive me over to Tempe Marketplace while they worked on my car, then came and picked me up after. Great experience.
Very nice staff and doctors - Even though my vision is hardly requiring a prescription, the doctor did not make fun of me :) \n\nAnd I got some adorable glasses - that arrived at the office earlier than anticipated.
Sixty dollars for brunch and they give you cheap snow crab instead of king crab like the \nWestin which is also much cheaper! I would rate it higher but for 60 dollars the quality should be better and truly 5 star!
Our go-to carry out Chinese place. Great food and super friendly service! The proprietor's young (8-9 ish) daughter is always there and super friendly if you have kids. Our favorites are the shrimp lo mein, veggie fried rice, crab rangoon and General Tso's chicken.
I LOVED the ice cream cookie!!
The gyro pita was ok. Not a lot of flavor, though. We also had the chicken pita which my girl said was pretty good. The fries were super and the babaganoush was interesting. Great service.
The place was awesome. They had a great selection of hot dogs to choose from. They had a NY dog, a Detroit dog and even a DC half smoke. They also had some great chili cheese fries. To top it off they sold beer as well. Great place to get a bite to eat.
Delicious after dinner cocktails. White Chocolate martinis, caramel and coffee deliciousness. Kinda pricey, but yummy.
This place is open 24/7 and staff is fairly friendly and efficient, but this place is pretty over priced compare to other starbucks in the area...also they charged us 50 cents for water -___-\" I guess only come here if you're in desperate need to caffeine after hours.
I used to be a pretty big fan of WF, but I just can't justify spending so much money at the grocery store.  Now I only go there if I need something I can't get anywhere else.  I like their vegan pizzas, though.
Great atmosphere and good location in Summerlin.  My wife's favorite is the Bi Bim Bop, but I prefer their Kimchi Chigae and the rice cake soup.
This store used to suck but it looks like recently they've shaped up. Top customer service and the pharmacist is very knowledgable.
I love this place!  My husband and I frequent RC because it is in our 'hood.  Their pizza combos are fantastic, we especially like the Algo Malgo.  The tap beer is rotating and good selections.  It is also just a fun, cozy environment, we love hanging out here on Friday nights or in the evening after work.
Quaint little stopping place on the way of the Apache Trail.\nIt's one street with parking and some old school buildings.\nThat really is about all there is to say about this place...
The most amazing chaat I have had in a long time. Go for aloo tikki and samosa chat!
I love the food but the servers sometimes suck and it happens only when they're not busy which is silly and annoying at the same time since they have no reason to be! But I do really really love the food! Especially their pastries
Heaven on earth! Sandwiches are the best banh mi in town!
Love this place. Good cause, good prices, generous portions.
Oh so good. I think their veggie wrap is the best I have ever had. Really nice people too!
Goddamn this place feels good. It's a house, it's a bar, the atmosphere is devoid of replicability. If I were a chain smoker, I'd never leave.
Cleanest.  Airport.  Ever.
Grade: D-\n\n\"Calamari\" rings the size of deep-fried handcuffs and crab spelled with a \"K\"? I really enjoyed the sucky Chicken Teriyaki. Yuck. No wonder there are no fat Japanese people.
Definitely paying for the atmosphere at this place not so much for the food. Fun and cool place for kids. The only food I like here is the giant lava cake. I had Rainforest Cafe at the MGM in Las Vegas and remembered how good it was but food here is overpriced and bland.
I got a caramel machiatto and 2 cupcakes. The coffee was horrible they used regular coffee instead of espresso, it tasted like coffee and milk no flavor. The cupcakes were dry and flavorless. My mom ended up feeding them to the dogs, at least someone enjoyed it.
Easily the best donuts in Vegas.  Love the apple fritter & boston creme.  I really don't care that they are vegan.  Be aware - it's cash only.  So Vegans & Non-Vegans unite around the best donuts I've ever had!
Great rooms at a great price.  Everything in the hotel is new.  I highly reccomend.
We asked about the house wine and were told it was good. No such luck.\nThe pizza was good, but the service was lacking.
I would see more movies here if they had new movies at other times than 7 and 940. Why doesn't anyone have anything around 8? Always crowded, sometimes dirty, but it's close to home.
I like this place.  I eat there if I'm in the neighborhood.  I like their soft tacos and their burrito bowls.  \n\nI would definitely pick this place over Taco Bell.
This is a great haunt.  Indoors, quality and fun.  It certainly scares my family.  We go every year.  They do a great job with a lot of scares throughout.  This haunt is worth the money with three different haunts and a lot of vendors out front.
Wow, amazing place! I felt that I was in a place where I was really welcomed by the staff there. Incredibly nice, and the ice tea is amazing! There are some places like this but they are nowhere near my home nor near satisfactory to tasty drinks! Check them out! Really great people!
Terrible service and severely overpriced!  Far superior options at other restaurants!
Lots of beers to choose from. Food is just not good. Everything is overprocessed, frozen and dripping with grease.
Best Mexican restaurant in the valley, definitely the priciest too, but if you're willing to spend then it's the place to go.
I love chocolate, so I foung my pot of gold at Max Brenner. I have been here several times and must say I have never been disappointed. The monte crisco, onion rings, sliders, waffles, are to die for. the drinks are amazing! I can't wait till my next visit!
Great place for UFC...sit in Chicago's section.  She's awesome!
Staff is great, food is Okay, this place is just busy and if you have time to kill and just want to get lost in the day, this is the place to go. Pry wont go back.
Store bought bread, pasta SOAKED in sauce, Caeser dressing with a small portion of lettuce, over priced wine menu, other than that the staff is adequate and the restaurant is in a filthy hotel. Don't waste your time.
Best tamales I've ever had. I tried the chicken and green chile, the chicken was tender, juicy, full of flavor, and was all white meat. Highly recommend this place!
Did not have a reservation but they had plenty of tables. Service was top notch but steak and veal chop we had was just average. The creamed corn was just corn mush. Good wine list.
Good service, food was mediocre. The pita bread seemed to be old and smelled funky. Wouldn't go back to eat there again. There are plenty of places around the area and would try something new. Saint Alexandre has plenty, just don't go here.
I'm glad they put this location here! It's a high end fast-food burger joint with great deserts.
I've only been here for dim sum so I can't rate their other food items, but I give their dim sum 5 stars. Their service is fast, friendly, and they have a large selection of exactly what you'd expect from a good dim sum place. My belly sure was satisfied!! We will definitely be back. :)
Seating was over priced club was too crowded drink were way too expensive, the most I paid all night!
Very very disappointing meal and service.\nDid not serve what was requested either.\nHustle you in and out.\"
The only reason why this location receives one star is merely due to the fact that the coffee didn't make me barf. This location is terrible in flavor, freshness, and service.. Every time I order a drink, I have to go back and return it. Do not recommend at all :(
I am IN LOVE with these tacos. I've tried every kind they make, even the lengua, and the food is seriously outstanding. A must-try if you're down on Fremont near Container Park.
The room was nice and very clean. Service was five star, to bad for your resort fee not cool to pay $140 for a $100 value. would have been 4 star if they would be up front with the price.
Great hotel wonderful staff!! Very clean and quite! I've stayed in this hotel a bunch of times highly recommended!
Almost like being in Philly.
These people are rude sometimes they gets things done, but horrible customer service !! Never go here!\n\nThey charge hefty fees without telling you anything.\n\nDo not ever go here!
Fantastic food, obnoxious techno dance music... I'll definitely be getting my next order to go
Best pizza in town!  Crust is fab!  Service is outstanding...highly recommend Barro's Pizza!!  Plus Coke...love it!!
Very nice mall.  Clean, lots of sales going on all year long.  Good place to see trendy outfits to great casual items.
The bad news is that Mario Batali no longer owns the restaurant.  The service and the food has gone from best to bad.  Skip it
They wouldn't except a coupon that expired a day earlier. Chick fil A takes any coupon even if it not from their store because that's what brought that customer in. Plus that person chose to eat your product. This is bad business.
Fast service, weak drinks. \n\nTheir Starbucks card machine was down and that made me very unhappy. I gotta EARN DEM STARZ!\n\nJust know they don't have their best game face on after 11 PM.
Cold food. Don't waste your time or money.
Use to be my favorite but Going down hill. Cheap, but you get what you pay for. I have been paying a little more lately, and going elsewhere. Greasy and the cuts of meat are cheap. Not on the Band list yet, Ill give it one more shot.
The cafe is no longer open, but that's not what I come here for. Customer service is great, they take the time to inform you of how things are done here, and it's a relatively quick process. It's sort of a hybrid hand/automated wash, but it works well even with their soapless green water setup.
Better than your average buffet in town.  Excellent service and for a buffet, pretty good!!
Fantastic food and cocktails! I had the pig's ear salad, ahi poke, gnocchi. We just told the chef to bring out whatever he wanted. Was not disappointed. Also had the \"green thumb\" cocktail with Tito's and the Sundancer. Will definitely be back to work my way through the menu.
Awesome atmosphere, great service, delicious meal.  Pricier than you might expect for the Four Queens, but worth every penny.
Always a must stop for me when coming to vegas. The burgers have so much flavor and so juicy. The fries can hold their own as well. Cant go wrong with the truffle or the sweet potato. Love this place!
Really great burger joint (don't go there nearly enough) Great menu and great options, like having a lettuce wrap instead of a bun.\n\nNever disappointed
Do not use the mobile grooming services! The groomer was a no call/ no show. After three hours of waiting, I called the company and left a message. They did not have the decency to even call me back. I will be taking my business elsewhere.
My guest bathroom had a leak and I needed a plumber quick. Precision Plumbing was able to come out to my house on the same-day to service my busted water pipe at a reasonable price. I really liked that there was no long wait and no emergency service fee.
I don't understand what the hype is all about. The wait is always long, the service is slow. The bacon tastes good but is severely undercooked. The waffles taste like cardboard. The prices on the website don't match in store menu prices.
Love love love this place. I can always rely on a good breakfast from them. Thank you.
rainforest cafe!! they were undercontruction i didn't even want to enter it fear of somethin falling on me.
Pretty tasty monster sized burritos.  The queso dip was really good,too.\n\nSlightly pricier and no real separation from what you get at Chiptole, so I may or may not go back.
FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCY!  Fancy, Fancy, Fancypants!
This little pace is tucked away but worth the find. The patio is beautiful and relaxed. Went for a late Saturday lunch. Service was so so and so were the drinks but the food and atmosphere made up for it.  \n\nFaves: shrimp tacos and beans.
Great food.   Real old-fashioned burgers and malts!
So worth the trip off the strip ! Excellent food and great prices. Staff very friendly
been here for a few times. like the crowd, and the separated design.
food was ok. but no salad dressing with my salad and not enough toppings on the pizza. i would not go back, but it was not bad if you are hungry and want decent food.
It's just OK. I've lived in India and would have to say this is an American version of Indian food.  Otherwise, I guess it would be quite tasty had I not visited India. Probably would not re-visit, nor recommend.
Good place to grab a drink for happy hour...but that's about it. Food is an afterthought and rates somewhere in between Chipotle and On the Border.
Exquisite. Beautiful interior, excellent food, and friendly service. Coconut curry shrimp was outstanding. Go. Go now.
Loved it!  We had a fantastic late  lunch of a magnificent Sicillian Pizza pie.  wait time was average and service was good but there were only a couple other people in the restaurant at the time.
Love to rock climb... But the staff at this gym were extremely rude and impatient! Won't be going back here because of them
Terrible. Do not honor their warranties in tim,ely fashion.
I can't say enough about this place! The food is always delicious. Great atmosphere. Great service. Today my friend and I split the mushroom pizza and the kale salad. SOOOO good!!! I also had the antioxidant juice which was amazing. Love it.
fries came old.  burger wasn't that good.  and the shakes were half filled and no taste (vanilla and chocolate).  pass.
Cudo's to AAA Mesa repair shop for hiring Debbie White. A very professional and experienced service writer,
This place has great food!  I love the moo goo gai pan and the orange chicken.  Ask for their homemade hot mustard with your order, it is very good!
I liked the gluten free spicy chicken.  It's the perfect portion for lunch.
Meh. The gyro stew is great. But everything is WAYYYYY overpriced. Way. And the portions are not fabu. At all. \n\nFor the price of this food I can slay a lamb myself and get that carnal feeling I love. No thanks.
This place is in a random strip mall but is pretty yummy! The salad is actually fresh and not a big mess of iceberg lettuce. Friendly staff too. Will be back soon.
The food here does not meet our expecation for Thai food. Their BBQ chicken smell so bad, the worst BBQ Thai chicken I have eaten. The place is very small, and service is so so. Not recommend for anyone!
Not a bad place.  Go for the ambiance but not the food.  The food is pricey, but what else do you expect for Vegas?\n\nThe waiter & staff was very friendly!
Just happen to be on this side of town and decided to try it. Great atmosphere!  We had the carne asada for one and the fish tacos!  Good size portions and food came out quick.
Service and food suck balls!
The chips and salsa are fantastic...that's what keeps bringing us back.  This is my one year olds favorite restaurant as she loves the salsa.  The food is pretty good...I have to admit it's not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but it's always consistently good.
Wow. Such a nice place with great food in an unexpected place. \nThanks to the yelpers we found it and enjoyed a lovely dinner. \nThe food is very authentic and the spices are added to the diner's personal preference.
it sucks! I had been waiting for half hour of waiting for my food. it comes nothing, but who came in after us got food. OMG, I really dont like their service. my friend asked for coke for twice, they still not bring it. then we got mad and left!!
We always call in for take out and the order is always ready with in 10 minutes. Great, fresh and hot is the best way to describe this place. Over 4 years of coming here we have only been disappointed once. Not a bad record.
Great place for any occasion.  Food is great. Sushi is fresh.  Service is amazing. Eat here once a week. And I live in Chandler
I always have a solid experience here. The food is really good.
Pretty good look at the heavy # of people walking around the Casino. staff were nice. Not the cheapest spots for drinks though
Pizza was awful. I waited over an hour for the pizza to be delivered, expecting it to be FRESH. But no, the pizza tasted like it was sitting on a counter for a long time, the cheese was hard and not melted, and the breadsticks were stale. Never again.
Very fast service, food was the same as all the other Pandas but the employees made the difference
Great for a quick RB fix.\nThey get at least one item wrong 1 out of 5 visits in drive-thru.\nLeo Getz was right.
it was okay free beer 15.99 for lunch i prefer a different buffer
This is the best falafel I have had in town. They make it from scratch (not from a mix) and it comes out amazing. I recommend the falafel wrap or the vegetarian plate (you can substitute the dolmades for more falafel for no extra charge).
I love a place where I can get a tasty, filling salad and my husband can get a gut bomb hot dog. We're both happy. The milkshakes are also amazing! I love the pumpkin pie shake.
Dr. Chen is great, they saw our Benji with little notice.
I wanted to give it another chance.  Unfortunately, I had the same experience as I did when it was the Notorious P.I.G. Service was awful. Food had it's highlights, but they ruined it with the sides.
I love this store! They have cute clothes for all occasions for women. I love the events they throw too. Kim, the owner, is great at giving fashion advice. Highly recommended, stop by and check out what they have :)
Food came out cold and burgers were clearly frozen. Manager refused a refund, didn't apologize and clearly didn't care that we had a bad experience. Overrated
Fun atmosphere and unique, tasty and potent cocktails. Haven't eaten here, but would recommend the bar area for a date night, group event, or night out with friends.
Went here for dinner and have to say it was disappointing. The service was good. The food....not so much. Ordered meatballs and they were dry. Garlic bread was dry. The 1/2 chicken was dry and the broccoli was bitter like it had gone bad.
My friend recommended this place when we stayed in Vegas. It was certainly a delight for a chocolate lover like me. As soon as you walked close by, you could smell the aroma of chocolate. My friend and I shared a pizza and a chocolate java cake. They made my day perfect.
They have unique and creative topping combinations for their specialty pizzas, I got the loaded potato and it was delicious. The staff is super friendly as well.
It's a shame- the burgers are actually good but I can't get over seeing the employee scoop my fries with his bare hands.  Ewwww.  Luckily, I said something & got new, untouched fries but can't shake the image
Love this hotel.  One of the cleanest hotels in Vegas.  Rooms are huge.  Location is excellent as well. No doubt next trip, this is where we will stay.
Bought a pair of sunglasses in here - the employees were non-existent, and then were too busy calling each other \"douchebag\" and \"bitchboy\" to help me much.  Finally got out of there with a very expensive pair (of sunglasses).
Always come for the breakfast buffet. I love the French toast and the fresh fruit. The waitresses are always nice to deal with. \nBeing a club member you sometimes get deals in the mail for buy one get one free and that always makes it nice.\nBreakfast is 8-10:30
On a subsequent visit, the shakes arrived promptly, the food also.  The waitress was also nicer/better then our first visit.  I had the wisconsin buttery, which was yummy.
This parking structure is the worst in Las Vegas.  Sitting in the same place for 30 minutes is ridiculous. They need to get help when big events are going on.
Very very slow service .. less variety.. not hygienic (found hair which was compensated by 10% discount).. I am from India, and I know how Indian food looks/tastes like.
I have loved Phil's Grill for years but the last few times have been so so. The service is very slow when you sit on the patio.  I also recommend staying away from the tacos.
Been here a couple of time on every stay at MGM. Food is ok. American food, burger, steak. Had the lasagna it was good. Service was ok.
Everyone was at top knock. Nice atmosphere. Chicken with eggplant not bad. Off the strip. Would come back.
Reminds me or a blend of TGI Friday's and BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse.\n\nThe beer is decent, can't say they have as much character as other microbrews, but it went well with the appetizer platter and wings.
The food was mediocre at best and the same with the service. The server just seem like she really care.
Service sucks! Front reception RUDE! Over seat their servers so the service is slow! Terrible experience
I had a great experience after my accident. The atmosphere was great and you can tell everyone loved their job
It was everything I heard it would be. So delicious. Definitely coming back.
I will say overpriced for being a \"stand.\" The food was pretty good but the B-Rating & looks of the place scare the be-Jesus out of me! Service was on the slow side & could have done without the smoke from the fryer in my eyes! Might ponder returning.
I wasn't disappointed but was also not extremely impressed. Overall it was an alright mall-type experience. I would recommend unless you REALLY want a hot dog in Las Vegas that you eat something else instead ...
Gross, just gross. Run down to the extreme and stinks of cigarettes. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
Evan not only knew his stuff but also offered best customer service. I recommend him highly.
Ridiculously phenomenal!!!! Don't miss out! You need to go here and experience a flavor explosion in your mouth! And the best service!
Good solid Mexican food. Good service, okay prices and always tasty. I get the nachos or one of the combo plates. My buddy always gets the chicken burro w/ sauce on top. Awesome salsa.
4 hours of agony from food poisoning later, don't go to this location folks. Take it from my stomach.
Nothing was good here. My wife got beef and broccoli, the beef was NASTY. I got a spicy chicken dish, again, nasty. The prices are high, the food stinks... Screw this place.
Was trespassed out of their store for taking pictures of what was on sale so I could let my wife know the prices in their store this place is a pathetic joke a waste of any time money or effort involved
Thought this place was super cheeseball.  It's like a nicer version of Caesar's Palace - but sue me - I thought Caesar's was cooler in all it's ostentation and faded glory. I found the \"canal\" to be an annoying gimmick.
I've been using Sherrys for over 6 years and they are always available by phone to set an appt in advance or at last minute.
Ate in loved the chorizo empanadas and the ahi tuna but thought the beans were tasteless... All and all I will be back but will not order the beans.
The vig is pretty cool. I like the dj's and the bocchi ball. The waitresses are kind of stupid though, and the bartenders don't know shit about mixology. It's okay though. I love the food.
Delicous Mexican food at a great price! Love the green chili tamales and chicken chimichangas! Endless chips and salsa are delicious as well.
Very limited menu...can't even split egg whites w one regular egg for omelette . Every other breakfast place does it! No kids menu...not even anything remotely kid friendly.  Prices are ridiculous and fruit is extra! Not coming back!
i ate here on saturday night for a friends birthday, it was the worst steak i have ever had, we had a party of 17 and not one person liked there food, i would highly suggest eating anywhere else in vegas, DO NOT EAT HERE!!
it's a Gualmart!  Nothin but a whole bunch of crap layin around.
I'm not the hugest fan of Indian food but if I had to eat it this is where I would go. They also have a few other dishes besides Indian which is nice. The food tends to be spicey and pretty authentic!  A lot of what they offer is geared toward the vegetarian crowd.
They're lucky to get one star. Rude, terrible customer service. Wanted nothing to do with me since all I needed was a phone case. Probably could have upgraded my phone. Camelback location here I come.
Waited a long time for the food...6 people dining..half of the orders were incorrect. Wait staff rushed and unorganized. Food was mediocre...rate this one a \"must miss\"
Nice, but small display. It was fun, but thought it would be a little bigger and more interactive
Great vibe, amazing service. Enjoyed their restaurant next door 'Legume' last night. Came back here because we liked it so much.
Hooters management, please don't send me a pretend compliment saying I'm picky when you make sucky wings. How do you screw up wings? Read all the other reviews and try to improve, not defend like a punkass bitch.
BEST customer service out of all Thai Restaurants in the downtown area.\nThe food gets a 10 as well! \nMake sure to stop by during lunch, the menu has everything!
Knowledgeable, friendly, helpful staff. They could use a larger selection of terrain elements for purchase, but, for the most part, great store. Glad I go there.
Came here for the red velvet pancakes. My niece found a long strand of hair in her omelet, nasty. Came once before it was ok, this time it was sub-par. Never again.
Fast and friendly service. Had a yelp voucher and they were happy to accept it. Fair priced and the sushi rolls were yum! Would recommend.
Desde que se fue Dona Norma; no es lo mismo
Great experience @ Slice of Vegas!  Thank you for offering gluten free pizza!!!  Delish!  We'll be back!
The place changed hands recently. Same setting, same music, but it kinda lost the personal touch it used to have. I guess I'll find a new regular now... :/
Customer service was poor. And the smoothie I got was so awful I had a horrible taste in my mouth for the longest time.
Parking not very welcoming to large RV's, and don't park next door at the convenience station they charge to park. Staff seemed confused on how to handle special requests, choosing instead to argue with a customer in-front of me and behind me.
If you like mediocre food, slow service (like really, really slow), and indifferent food servers, then this is the place for you.  Oh, did I mention they are also way over-priced?
nothing special but good for watching a game outside and grabbing a beer with buddies.  the people watching has never been that good here.  in fact, it's more of a boring vibe.  the food isn't bad.
Ok mall.  Understaffed and the poor guy running the cash register looked flustered when more than one person was in line.  They need to work on their coordination skills.  The selection was all over the place from '90s crap to some high end French antiques.  Pricing is about what I expected.  Good place to kill an hour.
This is one of the coolest places I have been to. They create a great experience when it comes to working out. I am hooked on the spin classes. They are so much fun! I am so glad I found this place.
Great place for great breakfasts and service. Home cooked and friendly competent staff.
Service was awful. Not an isolated event. Had to ask for water, etc.  long wait for food\nNoisy with busboy clanging silverware throughout  restaurant\nFood is reproducibly good.  Louisiana pasta is my favorite and reason that we stop there.  Not sure that he food is worth the poor service though
Super cool place, missed the bull riding but saw the dancing. The bar has a great atmosphere and if I'm ever within 50 miles I'll be back. In fact sat next to a guy who drives 50 miles 3 times a week to be here - respect
I used to come here all the time freshman year of college,  but in the last few years the nice and quiet atmosphere has turned club like.  It isn't as much fun as it used to be.
Fantastic food and coffee.  One of the only places that serves an actual cold brewed coffee.  The veggie board is my all time favorite.  Fast service for such a small cafe.
Went here on vacation for spring training at the reccomendation of my Mom and Sister. The food was spot on, and friendly service at a great price, good size portions too!
Yummy food with very accommodating owners, originally wanted spicy pork but gave us another option and loved it! Gave us a huge order but ended up finishing everything! Hole in the wall Korean food but it was def worth it.
Delicious & classic donuts. The specialty coffee is excellent too. They lack options for a half a dozen and it's kind of pricey if you just want a couple donuts.
Your typical family burger place.  The wait staff is usually friendly and efficient. The food is ok, I recommend the garlic fries they are bottomless. It is usually a bit on the noisy side.
The lodge is a fun place to hang out. The look of the bar really does fell like a lodge which is pretty interesting for downtown Scottsdale. The drinks were a little pricey and the service was a little slow on the Friday night when I went there. All in all, a pretty fun bar.
Eh. I know it's only fast food, but how many idiots are working in the kitchen? I wish there was a closer one so I could go there in the hopes that they'd get our order correct!
Rooms are average, everything expensive, but staff were nice & helpful. All the food is extra as is the waterpark.
Love this place love this place love this place!!\nThis is my favorite AZ pizza place as close to NY as I've found here.  We eat here couple times a month and their pizza is fantastic and affordable!!  Staff is extremely pleasant as well!
When in Vegas, and you want a break away from the touristy outlet mall, this mall is not far away.
my friends at Pittsburgh said that it must a try! that was I went there! I had an steak sandwich, greasy but delicious and with the fries and slaw are on the sandwich! which was strange! It was not easy to eat it, but it was fun! apparently pitts folks really love fries :)
Great place to take the dogs and get some exercise!!
the cakes are nothing special and way too expensive, it used to be like a cute place to go for coffee and desert but now they try to make it some snooty place. Dont go near the food!
This place smells like sewage.  It literally smells like ten years of urine, and feces.  If that's not bad enough, the help and patrons are just as bad as the smell.
Der Laden ist im Prinzip ganz ok.
Las vegas roll is all you need to know
Fantastic experience.  Amazing flavors and great service.  Go to the back of the menu for the northern cuisine.  Can't wait to go again.  Much better value than any restaurant on the strip.
Great tasting Persian food. The quality of food is just great.
Delicious food. Horrible service at this location. Go to the Southern and McClintock location for better service and friendlier staff.
Killer menu. One of my favorite dining experiences in Las Vegas. Our waiter spent time with us and knew every little detail about the restaurant and the menu. I'll be back...many times:)
The hotel has improved a lot since I stayed here three years back. The rooms are renovated and comfortable. But their buffet has taken a step back, I would say it has become the worst buffet in vegas. Also the service at the buffet was sub standard. I would recommend staying here and eating somewhere else.
The service here blows. That is all!
Amazing. We went with the reviews of the Wellington and toffee desert. Everything was amazing from the food to the service and the lively atmosphere. Will definitely be back to try different items.
We are regulars at Hava Java. Best lattes in town, not to mention baristas. Super friendly and always remember your name and drink preference. Hava Java is hands down te best coffee house in PHX!!
Groovy new spot and very nice staff, outside dining and modern design... And good location. \n\nEnjoyed dinner, mushroom burger was really good including the sweet potato fries and macaroni balls!
Nice little place to stop and grab some food in gila bend. Has the usual Mexican food menu you might expect from a drive thru style business. I had a carne asada burrito that was freshly made and taste great. If by any chance you find yourself out in these woods I would make the stop! Lol
Didn't eat here for the all you can eat! Place is alright! Next time I'll have to do all you can eat! Just went here for soup.
I recently attended NPRs Wait Wait Don't Tell me and as much as I loved the show, I thought the sound was horrible. I've been at music events that were great so I'm hopeful it was an off-night. Disappointing.
Be prepared to wait for your food for 45 minutes. Also when it gets here it will look inedible and taste really bad. You will pay a lot too and don't say anything or risk an eye roll from the wait staff. Seriously skip this place
This place was very mediocre, VERY!\nThe food was blah and the place was not bustling.  Eventually had to go track down the waitress and get our tab...\nGlad to see others had a better time.........
I love me some Sloppi Jo...and her food and bacon cupcakes!\n\nThis truck needs to rove around town some more!
Excellent spot for hibachi and sushi with friendy staff and quick service.\n\nThe Chicken Diablo dinner was delicious
Took a long time to get our drinks..manager did not accommodate our request o. Our game..  And the pace not packed.  And when she did..  She put it on a small TV..  Too dark and just didn't get a good vibe of place.  Failed to live up to hype that TV promotes.
What else could you be possibly looking for?  A resort, spa, high end restaurant and bar with live music and a view.  Get outta here?!?  Just a top notch experience for out-of-town visitors or locals looking for an entertaining night.
I thought the deserts were outstanding but the waiter never brought refills on drinks unless we flagged him down (3 times) and the crab legs were tiny. The prime rib was overcooked.  It was great but not worth the money.
Had to wait to be checked out, while one staff member was not doing anything, except staring at me with a gaping mouth. Not worth wasting your time.
Service is great. There snow is solid. I ordered one of their recommended combinations and I just wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be.
Pretty darn good burger and sides. Still not as good as In N Out but few places are. Love the sweet potato fries and chocolate malt.  I wish they had more options as to fixings but it was still ok and I will go back.
They have Hoffman Franks.  That's enough for 5 stars. \n\nI'm from Syracuse and we will do anything for Hoffman's franks. Thank you, Publix, for bringing them south!
Really upset they don't serve tofu. At all. Chinese is usually my go to easy to get vegetarian fare but nope. I walked in and walked out. He said it was a regional thing. But beware. No tofu served here.
Delicious and plentiful.  Love the choices of chutneys, so you can mix and match your own concoctions.  I'm not a dessert person but their carrot cashew dessert was surprisingly yummy!  Bill came to $14.19 with my ice tea and I am STUFFED!!!
This place is hands down one.of the best whole in the Chinese cuisine really recommend it best to eat in
HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE customer service! !!! They DON'T care about their patients. .. just your money! !
Awesome location, clean rooms, inexpensive. If you want luxury, look elsewhere. If you just need a place to crash while on a relatively budget friendly vacation, it's the place to stay.
Perogis! Yumm! I grew up in the upper midwest surrounded by polish communities and miss sweet sweet perogis. The kraut and mushroom ones are really good and 1/2 doz is a perfect serving size for lunch.  The atmosphere and the people make the cafe very comfortable.enjoy.
Agree w Emily N. great stop in E concourse. Opt for the chopped steak burrito (small is plenty big) chips and hot salsa!
I think this chain is highly over rated.  The menu is high priced, service is fair and food is ok.  However the garlic fries are a great choice and the beer on taps are plentiful.
worst ever.  you get less than what you pay for.  Rooms are a mess.  Can't even get a coffee in the morning that does not take forever to get.  Gross - depressing, awful.  Let's make a deal - run!
music can be a lot of fun. food not so good
If you're looking for a church that will ask you to look in the mirror, assess your life, and help you self-reflect whether you are right with Jesus, then his might be the place for you!
Beware! Management made some recent decisions without considering the impact to their members! It really sucks when what you come to expect from your workout changes over night and their is no explanation.   This place used to feel like you belonged to a big happy supportive family! The vibe has definitely changed, and not in a good way- so sad.
This place was good and I stop by while on business in town.  The varieties of oysters were great and the Bass was good. Service was a little slow and need more work.
Just garbage. Service sucked. Coffee sucked. Took over 45 mins just to get food and they were not busy. Simply a waste of time.
Great staff, good service, good wine. The food was just not very good! Black pasta? Fatty lamb chops? Salads were just OK\nOver priced. There's much better in Vegas for the price.
The staff here are awesome. They know my drink . They have great out door and indoor seating area. The store is very clean and organized. I have had some experiment with bad Starbucks coffee at other Starbucks but not this one.
Meh. It's a Home Depot that is no better and no worse than any other Home Depot I've been into. I was looking for one specific item in the plumbing department and their selection was only one and it didn't have the features I wanted. Oh well, there's always Amazon.
Los Dos Molinos por vida!
Awesome atmosphere, food, and only 3 dollars for irish car bombs! A different style of food totally worth every penny. I visit every chance I get.
Real ale on tap complete with frequent rotation of guest ales plus the usual drops, plenty of flat screens make it a great place to watch a game or two...and the staff are knowledgeable about what they're pulling & happy to chat about them. Really enjoyable!
Food was good, for the most part. Way too greasy and too much soy sauce tho. The waitress had a disturbed look. Too bad because you get tipped based on your attitude. Usually great place but she somewhat ruined the spirit. If you hate your job find a new one and quit. Logical I think?
They arrived when we called, just a few minutes late but it was ok. After they were done the air from my AC was really cooler, which I was really happy about. The rate they charged wasn't too expensive, nor too cheap. Overall their service is just what I'd expect from a repair/upkeep services.
The service at Blue Fin earns all the stars, as far as I'm concerned. There are other equally tasty (and in some cases more flavorful) places to grab a rice bowl. The service is outstandingly hospitible though; so, you can't help but leave Blue Fin with a warm fuzzy feeling toward your hosts!
Have passed by this restaurant for years ....but never will again.  The service is prompt, the food is authentic and delicious, and without all the Vegas hype and $$$$$$.
One of my favorite places for vegan comfort food! Love the new menu and creative specials.
Go somewhere else! Front desk girls have very nasty attitude toward patients and don't even know how to do their job as simple as scheduling appointments accurately. Average wait time 45min to 1hr.
Love this place! Love the fish&chips!
Standard Mexican food. I had carne asada taco and chicken tamale which was very good. Good weekly specials and full bar.
Stopped here to watch a game and was happy I. I ordered some tacos (3 to an order). Tip: it's not on the menu but ask if you can get a \"sampler\" and pick 3 different types. I got the fish, shrimp and short rib tacos and was not disappointed.
loved to ambience. great food. average drinks.
I like Taco Bell..... This one however has messed up my order twice and the food was cold the second time. I won't be going back to this location.
Sucky bed, you can smell smoke through the vents and rooms are small. The casino is old and full of older crowd. only thing good about this place was the pool. Good for single guys and college students looking for deals. Also no shuttles to the strip, take the bus right in front of the hotel, cheaper then a taxi.
Drive thru is always about a ten min wait. That's not why people take the drive thru... Seems likes the woman at the window hate their lives.. Not very nice
We love going there for their Gyros and also the Lamb Burgers... don't miss the fries... without a doubt the best in all of Charlotte..
Service was good, and the place is definitely plenty nice for a chain.  That said, the pizza isn't very good.
Great staff. Right now they have organic hot apple cider; YUM! Snoballs are great as well.
Got our waters.....waited for 15 minutes for our waitress named miss eve or eva supposively the best according to the hostess and we had.to leave never came back on a non busy night. First and last time here.... Oh well
Great service the driver was friendly and efficient! No ridiculous fees or miles either. Very happy.
Using various coupons we've tried several places since moving to Las Vegas. Sorry to say, this place is at the bottom of the list. The people were nice enough, but the place wasn't kept clean and they gave our girl a terrible bath. Sorry guys, but we won't be back.
The food is not bad here, but it is unexceptional and expensive.  Basil would not make the top 25 Thai spots in Atlanta, but it would be the most expensive.  Throw in an annoyingly large crowd and you only get two stars.
Kung Pow!!! Great quick Chinese food, I had the Kung pou and was very happy with the large chunks of chicken and fresh vegetables. Very fresh and good food, highly recommend for a quickie.
Not bad but not great wither. The food was just OK. Service was good and if I was in the neighborhood again I would probably give it another go but would not make a special trip for this one!
vegi sandwich was slimy and didn't stay together. restaurant was dirty.  mirrors and pictures looked like they hadn't been attended to in a long time. floors and table were filthy.  no one was available to pick up plates or wipe tables down. I don't think I would return.
1:Got in last minute 2: worked on calluses 3:reasonable$  4:friendly  5:not in a rush!  6:worth every penny! 7: will return!! :-)
I think this is the best sushi place ever I like to go there for lunch all the time and honestly I thought stingray sushi was good but this place blows it off the water
Fast service! iPhone users check here first before you count you give up on your phone! They replaced the screen for $96.
Service was great. The Burger was as good as I have ever had. I really don't understand the reviews that weren't 4 stars or better.
Very dated, dimly facility. Smells of smoke even though they say its not smoking. Hot tub was broken during our stay as well. Save your money and stay elsewhere.
The pizza is average at best. The prices are above average and the portion size is small in comparison to other shops. No delivery and I had to wait almost 45 min for pizza and breadsticks.
They have taken care of me with their amazing desserts!!!! I was recommended to them by a co worker & was greatly appreciative for the referral & the desserts I received.
I wouldn't recommend going to this Walmart for many reasons. First, they are always running low on quanities of items. Second, there are always police at this location due to shoplifters. Finally, this Walmart needs to really clean up the place.
Like i said in my review of H&M i think you are better off going to the big outdoor mall a little over a mile away going south. THe stores just aren't that great with their selections. They have some cool stores just lacking.
Pulled pork sandwhich was dry, the cole slaw was rubbery, and the collard greens had been drowned in vinegar mixed with bbq sauce. I got extremely sick after. Yuck on this place.
So tasty, and the vegetarian ones are delicious too though the Thai stick is my fav. Have to get a cap'n crunch Krispy treat too, sooooooo good. Can be a long wait for lunch so try calling in
Very friendly staff and great food!
Just okay-I went for a retirement party and was disappointed with what we paid for what we got. I like the location on Thomas way better and the servers were way more helpful too!
Happy hour from 5-6:30? What's the point?!
Not suprisingly, this place is now CLOSED.
Food was excellent. We orderd 12 tacos for 2 people and finished 8. Line was long so anticipate waiting for a while; plus there are 3 separate lines for whatever flavor you're in the mood for.
Sitting here 30 mins before waitress says they are out of chicken salad and it will be 10 more mins.  That was 20 mins ago.  Then they bring food and they are out of cornbread.  Food was mediocre.  Manager comped entire meal.
OMG!  The worst Chinese take out in town.  I ordered Sun Devil Chicken & Chicken lo mien.  Well the chicken was chewy.  Icky.v In fact I gagged.  Its was liked rubber.  My daughters also thought the chicken was nasty.  Never again.  Eww!
Great Crust. Love the square-cut. Nice inside and the service was fantastic. Simple menu that let's the pizza and ingredients do the talking.
I love the #17 roll here.  It's delicious.  It has soft-shell crab, salmon, and mango with spicy stuff on top.  They do a lot of their rolls with mango.  Very different, very good.
The best in Vegas!
Average sandwich...tuna was bland.
I thought it was really cool that they are open 24 hours here.  It was about 11:20 p.m. when my brother and (now) sister-in-law stopped in to get their license.  They had three windows open and the process took about 10 minutes.  The clerks were very friendly.
Decent prices when you get a $10 off coupon and use it plus you can share even the small entrees.  Kids love it.  Wayne Gorsek
it was an emergency. Oily stain that I didn't want to set on my carpet. Van was here in less than an hour and cleaned all around the living room. Would recommend
Decent food but Over priced, small portions.
Grabbed a roast beef and cheddar sandwich for $2.99.  Pretty good and a true value for that price.
I have been going to Nail Tech to four years and would never go anywhere else. The staff is awesome and personable. I look forward to getting my nails done every two weeks and never have an issue with scheduling my appointment.. I love, love Nail Tech and the staff.
beginning to be a favorite, reasonable price food. get the reclining seats not the office chairs
Beef taco ok.quesedilla..had me sick as shit
If you are proactive in your health care then this is not the place for you
Probably my favorite vegas club so far. They get just as many big electronic artists as Marquee but it's less douchy, more fun, and cover is usually less. It's annoying that the headliner doesn't come on till after 1:30, but that's pretty typical in vegas.
Pizza is \"ok\" nothing to rave about unless your a bread lover.I eat from here at least once a week ( work buys us pizza and wings) wings never have that crisp\nthey're ALWAYS soggy an barley cooked all the way. But hey see for yourself !
If I'm in the mood for getting Korean bulgogi this is the place I go and they do have other Asian food besides Korean also they have a little pastry section yummy pastries it's a pretty big market so if you're looking for any type of Asian stuff you might want to check this place out
I like the idea of this family friendly place but weve been to better.  They are stingy with their fries.  The rest of the food was average, not an awesome guilty pleasure like these kinds of places usually are.
This is my second time here with my family of 4 and didn't even get a drink order or any acknowledgment after 15+ minutes of waiting.  So we got up and went right next door to Humble Pie.
I finally had the pleasure of eating here for the first time last week....was blown away. The people are friendly, the food is excellent and what better than being a non-profit organization! Will become a regular of The King's Kitchen.
Never had a bad drink from this store. The drive thru can get a little long, but it's worth the wait.
Their wasabi had no flavor. The manager/owner could have cared less. She was ONLY concerned with a table of Japanese patrons. She ignored our concerns completely. We will not return.
Great food, went here for lunch and I'm planning to get here more often.  Will edit this review with more detail once I explore the menu better, there are tons of things I want to try...
Horrible customer service experience; couldn't even get past the receptionist. Refused verified insurance coverage, inaccurate cash pricing, poor attitude. Overall an underwhelming and less than positive experience.
Decent but not great.
Good Ol' BS West!!! Mike Fornelli and staff know how to throw a great party everytime I am there!
We went into this place for lunch, but promptly left for 2 reasons.   1. It smelled like a sewer and 2; there were NO customers at lunch time.  The place across the street was standing room only.  Place was cold temperature - wise as well as decoration-wise.  Too bad.
Cool burger place at the Mirage!
Car is OK. What you expect for used. Salesman are good, no pressure. Business Office and General Manager Darren, HORRIBLE! \nDon't believe anything that is said during negotiations. Make sure you take the time to read all paperwork before signing.
I came to this Events Center for Muse. Not the best acoustics for a live concert, but small enough for an intimate concert experience. It looked like every seat can be a good seat.
I was expecting to be hit with a cloud of cigarette smoke when I got off the plane, but didn't which was a nice surprise. For where this is located, it's an okay airport. I definitely know where I'm at with all the slot machines around.
Food was Ok , pizza was so so, Pomo's is better, sandwich was ok jimmy johns and potbellys is better my girls baked ziti was good though, \nWon't be back sorry... Not enough flava for this Dego.iiiii
This place is good.  They have specials every day on beer and food.  Tacos are awesome.  Fajita's are stellar, and loaded to the max with meat.  Staff is friendly and cordial.  Definitely my new favorite place!  Prices rock.
Sliders were delicious, the sushi very good, the teas yummy, though a bit expensive. The kids meal was healthy and generous. We'll definitely be back.
Great sandwiches. A little too pricey or else I would give 5 stars. Environment is great. Amazing selection of hot sauces. Very happy with customer service the times that I have visited this location.
I have some good stories that happened in the drink line here. Stories. Plural. Someday, I'll update my review and tell them. \n\nUntil then, the drinks are SOOOOOOOOOOOO expensive.
There food is OK. What I love is the fact you can bring your dog and sit on the patio. If only my dog was well mannered enough to do that... :-)
Awful food bad service. Anything else? I worked by here for a while and some team members liked to come into this place at lunch for drinks. Even the cheese crisp SUCKS!
The standard chain burrito joint, that lacks flavor and is way overpriced. The burritos are very wet, meaning by the time you eat half of it, the other half will fall apart so ask for a fork.
Had Belly Backers for the first time at the Charlotte Summer Pops series. Brisket, and backer fries. Awesome food, by far the right choice of all the available food truck options. Would not hesitate to get it again, and will recommend it to anyone in earshot.
Great place, Recommend to anyone
i love it!! i like it when the statues moves and tell its story!! love the gucci, louis vuitton in that mall and they have a bank of america atm machine right when you enter the forum shops!!
A+!!!! I had the pork carnitas.... So good. Great atmosphere and staff. Delicious food. Can't wait to go back.
The best AYCE sushi place.
Delicious cocktails, charcuterie was awesome!
nice
I suffer from Celiac's disease. I was excited to find this restaurant since they offer such an extensive gluten free menu. I loved having choice again! My only complaint is that the food could use more seasoning. It had a bland taste though I enjoyed the hush puppies!
Beautiful setting, beautiful food, great service but the steak was only alright.  For all the beauty why wasn't it phenomenal. \nSniff, sniff, why oh why did you do this to me? \n\nAnyway the bone marrow was AMAZING!
Came here for brunch. Food was OK but service was very bad: very very slow and missing part of our order that was pretty simple...
Hmmmm.. Nothings changed. Without milkshakes this place is no good. Too pricey for a diner. Thought the Turkey burger may be a good choice & it shows up with no cheese :( By the time I got that fixed, everyone else at the table was almost done eating.
We HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this awesome place!  We both had the Chicken Greek Pasty...delicious! A very unique place to eat at. Cannot wait to go back to try something else on their menu. Try to go here!
The employees are very knowledgable about their products and give you great feedback on what product is right for you. They have pretty decent prices on their shoes and a decent selection of styles and colors. The only grip I have about this place is that their parking lot is a little tricky.
Worth trying once. The service was good. The food is good, but nothing over the top. My pork chop was a little dry but the calamari and mashed potatoes were tasty. Loved the brownie for dessert.
This is my go to place when I need a decent burro at a great price.  Friendly fast service.
I used to love the Turkey Cranberry sandwich.  It has changed for the worse.  Now just a couple of crappy slices of turkey that look like something from the back of my fridge.  The cookie quality has declined as well.
used our luxor coupon. both chinese entrees were pretty unimaginative.. exact same red/green peppers, onions and pretty undercooked.
Don't expect too much from this course, but for the price it's a great place to play. Short 9-hole muni with a driving range that stays in pretty decent shape. If you're a beginner or, in my case, a broke college student looking to play a few holes, look no further than Rio Salado.
Good place to go with the family! Tasty pizza and nice staff!\nPrices are on the high side for pizza but it's Vegas! \nOverall it's worth going to this place. Will go back again!
No breakfast out of nowhere. Closest Wendys for breakfast is 59th and Thunderbird
Service was very slow. The lunch buffet was non existent there was like one slice of pizza cold and sitting out and on top of that we waited 10 minutes at the door and weren't acknowledged. Extraordinarily disappointed and will not return for that reason.
We spent an afternoon here last week and we loved it.  It is very modern.  The staff were very friendly and the buffet is excellent.  We would probably stay here if we could get a good rate.
food is nothing exceptional but charges premium price.  BBQ ribs too salty and over  cooked.  chicken is dry.  hate to compare this to KFC.
Awesome Asada fries. Went there to get nachos but settles on the fries and did not regret it
I was in tire hell. Couldn't get two tires for the front of my car.  One phone call to Mark at Advanced and problem solved.  Got what I needed, price was good.  Work was done quickly.  Why only 4 stars?  We did have a small snafu that they corrected promptly and the waiting area leaves something to be desired.
We came to this place for a birthday, the service was incompetent . My guests were disappointed in the food as so was I . Everything was bland. Tapas is small portions and not cheap. Save yourself the trouble and go to pintxo.
I love this place!  Everyone is so friendly and their custard is delish!  I especially enjoy the custard sandwiches.  I think I'm officially addicted.
Wayyy too expensive for what you get.  I was so excited to find what looked like a healthy restaurant in the southside but it is just completely unreasonable as far as price.  The quality of food is mediocre at best as well.  Very disappointing.
This place is a joke--------------------It used to be pretty good, but now everything is run down or broken.  I complained to one of the workers and he agreeded.
cool dive/brittish pub in downtown.  friendly staff, decent prices and cool atmosphere.  i would give it 5, but i hate soccer and it is ALWAYS on in here.
Came here to get an emission check. Everything was fast, service was good. No complaints. \n\nGood place to go get your car's emission checked for vehicle registration.
You can order your smoothie the way you want it. You dont just have to order whats on the menu! Its like a Smoothie Starbucks!
Poor service. Very nosy employees. My family will never return here. With so much competition of nail salons in the valley, I don't see how this place can stay in business.
This is a brand new boutique, small but amazing! The staff was so friendly... I tried on my 3 top picks and walked around in each many times before making my decision! I recommend the CL Boutiques- the high-end department stores were worthless and a huge waste of time!
Always good and fresh. I loved the old location. Prices can be a little high, but the quality of produce and ingredients is pretty high. Service is friendly and always well prepared.
I was here around midnight (don't ask) looking for souvenirs. This one is right by MGM. Relatively speaking, decent options and reasonably priced. They get you in the door with cheap water bottles for sale which is a welcome sign after an evening of partying.
Great food.  Great service. Loved the mohitos...just like in Cuba.  And the Ropa Vieja is excellent.
They perform decent work on replacing watch batteries, but they are very overpriced. Even with a discount coupon I paid $35 to replace a battery that costs $10 to $15 everywhere else.
Another late night spot. The food is always  good. From the Carne to chicken.  It's great after a few drinks.  Try it all.
The room was really nice.  The whole hotel was really pretty and i personally am not even into the whole egyptian theme but i did really like this place and it has awesome clubs in it.
Sushi is good. Prices are decent. Service is a bit slow, super slow if you order take out. Expect to wait about 40 minutes for your take-out order. Happy hour is a great deal.
WORST service. The hostesses quoted me 20 minutes three times, FINALLY we were seated and had to sit at a tiny table where we had NO room for our food, and we had to listen to rock music at a MEXICAN restaurant.
Love this place. I eat breakfast/lunch here at least once every time I come to Vegas.  They have a good menu with many different options.  The chicken and waffles are awesome.
This is a great location for it's price. There isn't much wow to the room however, but if you are going to Vegas, I doubt you'll stay in the hotel often. The room that we got was awkwardly shaped, but large non the less. Would definitely stay here again if on a budget.
Had the angus beef hash for brunch, delicious! The Bloody Mary was to die for! Definitely coming back.
Excellent food.  Great facilities.  The duck fat frittees are a must.  Our server, Ed, was knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.  A great experience.
Not a bad place to stop.  Service was good, people were friendly.\n\nI ordered some blubbery pancakes, blueberries were of the frozen variety, but then again I'm not sure if they are in season.  The cakes were cooked perfectly, light and fluffy and the real maple syrup was great!
Decent food but not great. So many other great restaurants in the area, I'll pass on this place in the future.
Maybe I'm just not a big enough fan of hot dogs, but nathan's is pretty well known and i just think...meh a hot dog. Its just average. Its a good snack when you're hungry and walking to NYNY, that's about it.
Great place!! Amazing cocktails, good food and nice atmosphere. My fiance had the goat which was awesome, I ordered the lobster which was a little disappointing, small portion and a tad fishy. But overall definitely a place worth checking out if you're in the Phoenix area.
Lovely place; went for brunch Sunday lots variety on menu, had quiche w/salad n fruit!
First time here in years........ Food was terrible!!! Last time I'll eat here!!
Nice little place, and the free mug thing is pretty cool. I am informed they hardly card *anyone*, but I'm not sure whether that's the case or not. Nothing too huge, but it is a tradition, and it's kinda cute.
The office staff is rude and unprofessional.
Beautiful Hotel.  ALL the benefits of Mandalay Bay, but you can valet privately, enter the hotel privately......don't have to deal with crowds.  it's the perfect Vegas secret.   :-)
Okay my hubby and I keep trying all the buffets in Vegas thinking ONE has to live up to our standards... sigh... once again not coming back\nSome things were okay and of course the selection is huge... the only real thing we enjoyed were the Mimosas for the Champagne Brunch.
Grave yard special is unbeatable!!!
Very happy with service and food and staff. The BBQ and buffalo burgers were great. Med-well pink trough out as I requested. Try the fry sampler. Highly recommend oh yah try the shakes.
Pretty cool diner, cool enough for me to visit six times in my last five weeks in Pittsburgh. The trick? It opens at 7am, so get there at 6:55.
Food was just ok. Lots of variety but Every thing very generic. Derserts very disappointing look good but all the cup cakes dry and awful! Won't be back a specially For 30$ a pop.
the shrimp pasta had huge pieces of shrimp and was just a huge portion overall... everyone in my group enjoyed their food and desserts
For airport food, their Greek salad is solid. It has plenty of veggies and they usually have some already prepared. So you can grab one and go.\n\nMy one tip for some of their salads would be to ask for extra dressing on the side since they don't put enough on.
Ordered the short rib and carne asada tacos a la carte...you know...so I could sample more on my own. :) added on guac and cheese of course. I would totally come back for the short rib tacos!!
Food is good, and very generous portions.  They have great pancakes and GREAT omelettes!  Definitely a place not to be missed!
Surrender nightclub is cool if your in to house music. The drink service at the bar is fairly good.
Good sushi but a bit expensive all you can eat is $ 30\nB
Hate the place. Walked in and left. The food looked totally processed and the ambiance, crowd and everything about this place is revolting.  Confirming I don't like Chicago style food which is why I've taken up cooking my own food.  Sorry guys who love this place but just givin my opinion.
Simply love this place. The food and service is proper, and if you love anime you'll fall in love with the concept of this ramen shop.
Bar and restaurant that serves classic American food, a stage for live performances, a mechanical bull and flat screen televisions.
Disappointing. The pork was very soft and there was plenty to eat but it lacked in taste. A little more salt in the mix please!
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =\n\nSorry to see Him's JL close.  I liked the place.     :-(
Good selection of well priced wine. The guys in the wine section helped me and recommended two wines. The hostess of the party loved them both.
Great service and food. Went for lunch with the wife and we were seated immediately. Split a prawn cocktail with huge prawns (4) and cocktail sauce with some kick to it. Petit filet for me, cooked and sauced perfectly. Wife had the lobster BLT and loved it.
We have been here for over an hour and our food isn't even here... They took 30 minutes to take out order... We haven't left because we are very hungry otherwise we would leave and go somewhere else .
Great food, large coffee selection, and the best environment. This is the type of I would become a regular at.
Went down there for compost and came home with compost AND delicious delicious bread!  I can't wait to go back again.
This place was horrible and not veggie friendly! They wanted to charger us 4$ to switch out bacon for hash browns. Horrible manager, and service.
i love their garlic bread and salad, so fresh. It is also good for catering.  We order it for group of 20!people . Most are very happy with it
I ate here on a rainy Sunday and the service was pretty terrible. Very slow throughout the process. The chicken pho was very tasty. The interior of the place needs a revival.
We loved it! It was so entertaining and interactive. We never stopped laughing  and the food was delicious. I would recommend it if you love laughing and entertainment !
Every time I turn around, Charlotte surprises me with another gem; this place is cool!!  Def a bar atmosphere, but they have a really awesome patio.  Great food & even better beer selection; I love how they list their top-shelf booze!
This is the slowest Starbucks I have ever been to. Third in line and it took 30 minutes to order and get my drinks. Part of the problem was some rookie ordering stupid drinks and part of the problem was the guy working the register was new. They have way to much employee turnover here, you have to wonder what is going on.
Love this place, been in US for 11 years and i finally found a hair salon that can really cut my hair really nice!  Leah is really great at it and she really take her time and not rushing it, price is inexpensive....
Nice outlet mall. Lots of store to go shop. Nice and quiet. Not to mamy ppl. Security everywhere. Lots of food to chose from.
The girls here are all very sweet and they hook you up with a nice cut. They do a good job of keeping your preferences in the computer so you dont have to repeat your style every three weeks. The tvs are great and the MVP makes me feel like Im at a man spa!
Peter was great. He was patient and took the time to explain what was wrong with my car in a way that I understood it. I finally found an honest mechanic. I will definitely  return to Major Auto if I encounter any issues or need any work done in the future.
Called for delivery a few times more than half an hour before they close, and they won't deliver. I've never heard of a place doing this. The food is good, but their delivery policy is total bs.
Good food and affordable.  Got the full plate-potato.  All mix ins. Flavorful.  A big portion, enough for tomorrow's meal too! Take out was quick and I had my order in 5 mins.
Very poor housekeeping
Thus Wendy's is usually pretty good.  Busy location. The food is always hot and fresh.
Very  very  nice  spot  great  food.
I came in limping from an ingrown toe nail and was able to get a same day appointment. The following day was as good as new, went for a 12 mile run and enjoyed the pool.
The burgers are always greasy here and the staff is rude. They also kicked us out 10 minutes before close.
Tons of teenage brat kids running around everywhere Wi-Fi doesn't work TV cuts in and out not a very good stay not a very good room!
Way overpriced for the service and the food. My steak was overcooked and it took the waiter a few tries to get everyone the correct entr\u00e9e. With so many dining choices in the area, they really need to step it up. I will never come back here.
My always happy to see a new Mexican Restaurant in town. The service was fast and friendly and the guacamole was good. Unfortunately, the chile rellenos were small and covered in way too much breading. I'll probably stop back if in the area, but wouldn't make a special trip.
I ate at this restaurant today for lunch my first time and I feel in love with the southwest wrap and the Mac and cheese. Need I say more. Love you guys.
The carne asada burrito was decent but the chicken quesadilla was great...large portions and the price wasn't to bad either....service was great
I come here because it's close to my house. No other reason. The staff is super friendly and really know their customers. However service is slow and the quality of drinks are unpredictable. A dirty soy chai might be spot on one day and the next day by the very same person taste absolutely terrible.
I'd give this 10 stars if I could. Great vibe, fun times, and cool people !
i got a really good trim of the beard, probably the best I have had. The prices are a tad high, but are totally worth it considering both the high quality of the work and the customer service.
I was not a fan of the takeout. The breading is soggy and falls from the meat. The soup was good (hot sour), but everything else we had was not good enough for me to go back. Perhaps if you stay there it would be better. But for takeout I do not recommend this place.
3.5 stars. If food was cheap but really heavy so it wouldn't be a place I would come very often.  Service wise, it's food court style. You place order, pay, grab food when it's ready then find a table or take it home.
Fantastic Belgian beer menu. This is my friend's local bar so I can't say anything bad about it. :) My turkey rueben and sweet potato fries were decent, nothing amazing or anything but good for bar food! A neat lil place - a good place for happy hour!
Again  friendly tsa agents! Could this be possible that they are now all being nice. Wow . Le grand e orange is now open inside gateD\nNice fresh food.
so expensive... And salty and force me to pay tips without telling me in advance?! What do you expect me to say?! I will never ever come here again!
Here for happy hour, it's mediocre at best. The cocktails are way to sweet.  The shrimp tempura roll was cold and soggy.  The gyoza were okay but only luke warm.  The pacific roll was good and the service was friendly.
I go often, and always have had GREAT food and service. Been to the middle east 3 X. This is the real thing, trust me.
$21 for two plates of tasty fish tacos and 4 Miller Lites yeah it was happy hour but I'd just paid $10 for 2 Millers at the outside bar at the D further down on Freemont Street, great deal and live music too, best deal on the Street !
Buffet had decent food selections during my visit here but overall taste of the food was not very authentic. Not sure I will return to this place.
They used to have a nice variety of tasty dogs, but they've been out of business for several months.  Too bad, it was a fun little hole in the was place with good service and decent prices.
Excellent burgers and a great atmosphere! The tri-tip sandwich was fantastic on grilled sourdough.  My wife had a charburger and loved the fact that she was able to add avocado. We will definitely be back.
Pros: Nice and clean hotel with good amenities.\nVery good price. Free tower access,  nice launch on tower.\nCons: bad location if you not driving, no coffeemaker, closet and cooler in room.
The BBQ Ribs were  delicious very well season but the meats Little bit to dry for me. Steam broccoli are over cook but the rest of the other two side dish very tasteful. Although the customer service are excellent very warm environment can't complaint about that.
Food was great.  Service was extremely slow for us last Tuesday.  They may have been short-staffed as our waitress was also the bartender.  The folks who came after us almost left after they were seated for the same reason.
Run, run far far away from this location. They have NEVER gotten my order right. A four piece supreme combo with season fries. With a sweat tea. ( been there 4 times and never get all of my order) beware!!!
Dear ChopShop,\n\nPlease come back with me to California? Your sweet potato hash is phenomenal. I understand why your lines are long. I'm coming back!!!
The best one is Cesar's, Paris, Rio's, &  Plenet Hollywood...\nA lot of variety... We love it... Good price
Love curbside service at lunch!
Be sure to check out the FREE Thai Iced Tea deal on Yelp. Their Chicken Tom Ga soup is awesome! Customer service is prompt, friendly and efficient. Nice laid back atmosphere and a FULL BAR! =O)
They delivered so I was happy, but the food was fair at best.  They were very polite on the phone and when delivering the food.  In a pinch would order again.
My daughters first comment about this place was \"why is everything so dirty\"? The place was empty, yet nobody was cleaning the tables. The food to me was bland, even my non-picky husband didn't like it. Friendly manager, grumpy cashier. Will not be back.
Have given this place several try's. Only the owner gives a decent manicure. Other staff are apathetic and do an inadequate job. Last visit, left after 45 minutes as it was still not clear if I would be waited on. Supplies can be old - bring your own.
Gorgeous. I attended a conference here and was also a guest at the hotel. The staff is on point and friendly. The hotel itself is an extremely beautiful building (especially the ballroom). Only complaint I have is that the lighting in the room was so dim and lacking.
Slowest drive thru in the world. \n\nWorst customer service and people who do not care. Go to another
This place is a hidden gem..... Come on, Filet Mignon meatballs... NEED I SAY MORE?!?  I loved the sevice and food, we actually visited this restuarant twice during our say in Vegas..
A single scoop gelato was about $5.75 and it was not worth it @ all and a croissant was about $4. It was hard and we had to get it warmed up. Then it came out burnt. Dissapointed that this did not meet my expectations especially since its in Bellagio.
Enjoyed the Tortellini and the service was excellent. Bypass the wanna be places like the Tilted Kilt in this area and go to a real place for food.
Great coffee and atmosphere. Very friendly staff that makes you feel at home. It's a wonderful place to meet up with a friend in the south Chandler/Gilbert area.
Is there anything this airport doesn't have?  I have changed flights here on several occasions and each time I fight the urge to stop at Cinnabon... That smell is dangerous.  They have several restaurants, countless Starbucks, and even a few bars thrown in.
Awesome Job!  They were thorough, and my car looks amazing!!
This place is consistently good. I have tried many items on menu everything was good. Pho has good flavor. \n\nService is good and fast one of the best places in Chinatown.
The exterior of my car is still dirty after going to Mermaid.  I was tempted to turnaround and ask for them to wash the car again.  \nThe staff at mermaid does a half fast job drying off the car and cleaning the inside.  \n\nWith that said, I will continue to give my service to Octopus.
The teller was inefficient and unprofessional. The store manager just stood back and watch. I will never return to this branch.
It was good but overpriced...sorry but hot dogs? And you gave it a fancy name..oh no never again
The food is always dependable, but the beer is just ok.
Drove around 30 trying to get some doughnuts found this place and my wife asked if they had sugar free doughnuts , the lady told us we had the wrong place in a hella rude attitude...
The food was amazing!!! The chef did not put on a shoe like the other chefs did. The place looked amazing when we were leaving there were fireworks on the ceiling.
We were a bit dubious about this restaurant because of the location but boy were we happily surprised. It was a home run. I had a tofu dish and my fellow had the noodle soup and both were outstanding. It is worth a trip to this dowdy shopping center just to eat at Truc. And it was so cheap!
Will definitely be returning if only for the delicious Peet's coffee. Had the \u00e9clair, but it was filled with chocolate cream instead of the traditional cream. Still yummy, but unexpected and a little too sweet. The coffee was delicious and the outdoor seating was perfect for the nice weather we were having  yesterday.
Food is really really good...I'm just not a fan of the standing in line at each station for what you want to eat for dinner. One line for Al Pastor, then in another line for other types of tacos, and then another line for corn and mole fries and then yet another line to pay and get your drinks.
I have been there  a couple times. It's a great place ruined by over priced drinks and food. That and there is limited parking. Their happy hour is a joke, limited to a small section of the restaurant. Service was ok. Overall value is poor.
The Lunch Bag is awesome and the people are great!  I promise you won't be disappointed, you will love their sandwiches!  They are the best of the best!\n\nThank you!
Not as good as Persian Room, yet they have really good meat and great service.\n\nHookah is well packed, hookah guys are nice and change out charcoal and maintain regularly. Lots of options.\n\nThey also have live music sometimes. Drinks are pretty good too.
Review is for the frozen bar.\n\nOverpriced, even for Vegas. Not nearly as good as Fat Tuesday or Lime Ice.
Nice little place. Service is very friendly.\n\nThe food is excellent. High quality, well presented, and authentic.\n\nI would definitely return.
Love them. Great staff, and I'm super lucky to have found them.
Best vape store in Phoenix.  Great prices, great service & nobody pressures you to buy shit you don't need or try 884 flavored before you pick one.  And this is my fav e cig I've owned... Among at least 10.
I never judge a restaurant negatively from just one visit.  I given this restaurant 3 opportunities to earn my satisfaction when I go out for Jazz on the Lke.  It just doesn't seem like it's going to happen.  The food is just okay but the service is just far below standards and super slow, especially given where it's located.
Not like it! Terrible services Expensive and they charge me for chips n salsa even when they said is free
They don't even deserve that 1 star. Horrible service, attitude, business ethics. Safe yourself a headache and go to a REAL Verizon store.
I haven't been here in years. Like going down memory lane. It's a cool place to chill. I had passed by with friend in the middle of the afternoon for a quick beer-break. I have no complaints. Not sure what it's like at night though
Great price for proximity to Scottsdale and cool room design. However, we had to wait several hours for our sheets to be replaced immediately after we checked in because there were stains all over them. Also, if your room is on the opposite side of the hotel/motel, your walk to your car is a pain in the ass.
Culinary has such a fun atmosphere with awesome, laid back service.  The pretzel balls with cheese fondue are TO DIE FOR. Everyone needs to try them when they go in.  It gets a bit loud when there is a live band on the weekends, but still an awesome time!!
Food was horrible I ordered a Mongolian bowel here that had noodles and meat. I didn't get to try there smoothies.
My all time favorite bar for food! There are 3million sandwich choices and all homemade sauces etc. Beer selection is huge and so are the sandwiches!
My boyfriend brought me these amazing Caramel Truffles...I can't wait to visit and try the cakes!!!!!\n\nTHE BEST CHOCOLATES EVER THOUGH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good: Mexican groceries in Pittsburgh\nBetter: The chipotle tomatillo salsa, homemade by Edgar.\nBest. The taco stand.  Seriously, if you're here, get a damn taco.
One of my favorite places.  Not huge portions but it is all tasty.  Different but very good.
A south hills legend.  The only problems are a total lack of parking and long wait but a great pizza if you can be patient.
Great pizza and craft Italian beers.  Saw the place on Travel Channel and had to try it.
Rude staff and it takes at least an hour to get called up. They insist making appointments ahead of time but elderly folks find it difficult to use the automated appointment scheduling system. I suggest not coming to this location unless you like getting blood drawn from someone with an attitude. They also need to consider the way the talk to senior citizens.
I paid for 8 yards of fabric, only received 6. I called in to speak to the manager & she told me she was too busy to help me. TERRIBLE service.
Wow, that is one loud annoying perpetual hum coming from their Refrigerated Cake Display. It really permeates the whole establishment and was very annoying.  Hope someone services that thing.  This location also has consistently slow service, but good food. But, there was better service in the take-out deli.
The food is good, but don't try to call in a lunch order- they are too busy to take an order for lunch at lunch time! I guess I will stop trying to eat lunch at this location. I have never had this problem at any other Panera...
Respectful and made me feel comfortable.  I am recommending to my friends and family.  They combined my monthly pest control and year round weed control for a great price, no more HOA problems here!  Thanks!
This restaurant is beautifully decorated and the food is consistently good though hardly authentic.   It was also on sale at  1/2 points for the month of December.  We shared orders of cashew chicken and seafood and tofu hot pot.  The hot pot included a mix of scallops, shrimp, mussels and whitefish.
Cute restaurant, the food is good and the menu fresh. I thought it was a little pricey for lunch and the more masculine crowd might be put off by the shabby chic decor.
You gotta try this place. Love the feel and atmosphere. Everyone is super chill and love the loud music . \n\nThe food is awesome. The barby is the best slider on the menu and the fries are great to.
Great place to grab a burger and a custom brew... \n\nYou gotta try the Peach beer. The beer flights are fun too.\n\nPlus, you can take home a \"growler\" (big jug) of your favorite beverage.
Very disappointing after reading good reviews.  Food is just OK and not something special you expect from this area.  Very over priced for what you get.
Flavorless sandwich with inconsistent hours. Called during posted \"business hours\" and they were not open. Please do not waste my time.
Didn't  have to wait in line and got in for free. \nThe music is great, the decor is nice, and the bartenders are very friendly. The drinks are pricey, but you pay for what you get.
This review is for the deli.  Service was good.  Had the matzo ball soup which wasn't so good.  Chicken flavor was missing in the broth. Other reviews indicated just like homemade but it wasn't.
The jerk chicken fried rice was incredible and the red jade chicken was delicious and the perfect heat.  However, if you are trying to eat healthy, this isn't the place for you.
Just to let pple know.. I got burnt at this place, the burns turned into dark spots. Go to a dermatologist instead
Fantastic Sandwich fresh and very good.  Would definately recommend, better than the average place.
I've tried this place twice and food is just ok! I rather spend money across the street at City Hall.  Wierd Menu....drinks are ok.  Not impressed with food and service.
Odd, but neat location. A little hard to find. Great food.
Waited over an hour for the table.  Food was good but not worth the wait in my opinion.  Did like that they can cater to the gluten free pretty easily.
Please go to the not recommended list on here to see what wet n wild is really like. My family and I LOVED it until the line system changed, now it's just dangerous. Especially for children. Please see the bit recommended list.
I'm not gonna comment on any of the food here but the service at this location is always fast and efficient. This is the nearest KFC to me since the one on Centennial closed down a little whille ago. I'm definetly not ashamed to say I loves me some KFC.
Food here is always good! Tonight is my husband bday so we came here with the kids(teenagers) and Megan(in the bar area) made our experience even better! We'll definitely be back for more amazing food and service!
I am not sure what's up will all of the negative reviews. The food has been pretty consistent, and actually the service is great. Even for carry out, they usually offer you a drink while you wait.  Never had a bad food experience here.  In fact, I think I am going to head out right now for some soup.
Love this place. I didn't want to leave. Loved the push button curtains. Bell hops took a little to long to bring up the luggage but service was great. Check in was a little long. I loved looking down on the city strip from my hotel room way up. Especially with floor to ceiling windows. I will return again definitely.
I heard a lot of great things about this place but was sadly disappointed. The margaritas were not impressive and I felt like the food was all heat, no flavor.  Thankfully the service was really great!
Best at everything!!!! Must try place:)
Al's Shoe Repair is the best; The staff is always friendly and very helpful.  I have been going to Al's since they opened and have never been disappointed.  Always excellent service and reasonably priced.  \n\nI highly recommend them for shoe repair and luggage repair.
Great food great staff and great atmosphere.
nothing special on the menu. ive had the Pizza, and their Chicken Breast Hero. and both were just average.
These people know nothing about customer service. I had to call multiple times to get someone on the phone during office hours. They would answer the phone mid conversation and continue to help the person on the phone instead of the person in front of them. If I had a choice where to go, I would never rent from here again.
If you're hungry and looking for a good meal, do not come here. I cannot comprehend how their burgers were ever voted best in Champaign.
Pretty good sushi. Great for just a fun outing. Nice prices. Family owned too. Stop in if you just want decent sushi, good prices, and good service. Not five stars, but pretty good. Try it you may very well like it. Chase out!
Good banana smoothies. The place was packed and we were still served in about 15min. I was impressed. Everything was fresh and hot. Breakfast sandwiches are good. I look forward to trying the breakfast pizzas next time.
Def a go to breakfast/lunch joint.  Good prices and great food.  Boars Head is always a big win.  If you need breakfast or a deli fix you can't go wrong here..
To be honest, around 3-4 am it sucks here. There's only one person that serves you, place isn't even clean. There's still food and plates out. It takes forever to be served
Extremely rich ice cream, quite literally cold cream. Extremely filling so it makes sense why their portions are smaller than usual ice cream shops. They have extremely interesting flavors that all look amazing! Can't wait to try them all out
My second favorite pizza place in the valley. Along with the baked spaghetti pie your meal will be delightful. Finish it with the Italian Almond Wine Cake!
I felt bad because I was telling my husband how much I love Peruvian food. he had found this place, and we stopped by for dinner. The food looked like it had been sitting out all day, the flavor was lacking, and the service was slow considering there were only two other tables there.
We love ordering from these guys. Unfortunately, they're no longer in business. :(
I love this park! You have basketball courts, tennis courts, disc golf course, lanes to run and bike, water features lots of parking and its relatively green throughout the year! My girl and I come here all e time to play many different activities!
Bomb ass burgers off course. Great fries. Hate the long line.
So I went to Moko the other night and I have been craving the Short Ribs bad... Can't wait to come back. The chef came out and introduced himself and Ryan (owner) is one the nicest people I have ever met.
I love this market. The vendors have amazing products and are so fun and knowledgable. It's clear they are very passionate about their products!
For Las Vegas this is a gem!!  There are no other laid back, hip coffee shops like this.  And they serve alcohol after 7p...  A great addition to Downtown!!
Just okay vegetarian/vegan joint. I was disappointed with the atmosphere and for it being a veggie place it was quite greasy overall. I'd recommend it for a casual healthy-ish lunch.
I had the butter burger with lard fries choco cholesterol shake.  It was good, fries are weak.  Drive thru green beans are available.  Serious after all that and you think some green beans will unclog my arteries?
SERIOUSLY ew.  Rude and inappropriate.
2 thumbs up to all the seafood and yummy dessert~~
Ordered two pizzas on a Saturday night.  \n\nWonderful, exquisite. Best pizza ever!\n\nStaff friendly, knowledgeable and superior service.
Good stop in between Bally's and Paris for a quick breakfast or lunch.  Prices are reasonable, though service can be quite slow.\n\nWe had a sandwich and a cup of soup, and many, many cups of water.  Great break if you need to step outside of the casino air but not be outdoors.
Bland pasta and lasagna. Service good. Probably should have tried the pizza. Little pricey even for Summerlin.
Must try - Pink Champagne Cupcake
Very average if so, and expensive for the product.  Coffee is again very average with almost bland consistency.  Bought 2 different baked goods and they were dry and slightly oily as if the had been sitting out somewhere all day.  Location was the only thing which made me try this place.  I'd suggest go to Bouchon or Cafe Presse
Visited this place a few months ago and both the service and food was incredible. Going there again this week sometime. Can't wait.
This place has a wonderful atmosphere including great music.  The servers are friendly and the drive through is quick.  I like the coffee better than the big chains and they have very good pastries.  This is a great place to relax or even have a first date.
I think next Vegas Trip I'm staying here instead of on the strip!
We ordered the mussels here and my husband was throwing up later that evening.   I think he ate a bad one.  You have to be really careful when cooking those things as  they can make people VERY sick if not cooked properly.  I wouldn't eat here again.
This is a gem of a place. The Pad Thai is fabulous. I had mine medium which balanced the sweet and spicy perfectly. The staff is friendly and on point with taking care of their customers.
Keenly priced with a good selection of enterprising dishes on the menu and a reasonably well stocked bar.\n\n\n You'd not stop in for the whole night but definitely a very good option for off the cuff dining rather than a pre-booked affair.
Employees are really loud and very rude while in break. Is there a reason why 3 of them are yelling and laughing hysterically and manage to be louder then all 20 ppl sitting and eating in the dining room?
A little out of the way but worth the venture if you are interested in bistro style street tacos. The tacos were very good- with the exception of the cabbage that they put on what I believe to be all of them. The service was great anhd the prices were okay. A good place for lunch dates!
fantastic!!!!!
I ate here with some friends and really enjoyed it.  The food was rich and they had a good wine selection.  The staff was friendly and welcoming.  We ordered several apps and shared.  The portion size was really good for apps.  I'll go back and try dinner next time.
This place appears to be closed down for good there is a note on the door from facility owner or something like that.
I've had a very positive experience with Northwestern Mutual as a parent company, this branch, and my advisor, David Mann. My investments have performed well and I'm confident that I have a trusted advisor in my push for financial independence. This relationship is going on a decade as I write this review.
Standard chain in market square. Packed during lunch. For me the menu is weak. But they have been running short promos of new temporary items and they have been ok.
Waiter staff excellent. Manager comped half of our pizza when it came out incorrectly and gave us the correct order. Very generous! Pizza and salad was amazing. Will definitely visit again.
No atmosphere. Unimpressive food. The pie (which they rave about) had a thick graham cracker crust that was disgusting. No real beer selection. Won't be back.
Their salt and pepper chicken wings and Thai teas are great, but their Hong Kong crispy noodles are mediocre. \n\nProximity to my house and speedy service are big plusses.
Get the Eiffle Tower shaped Yard in strawberry- if you're nice to the bartender, he will make yours with real strawberry puree and lime juice- not that pre-made crap. \n\nPS. This really does look like Paris.
I have mixed feelings about Ritters. I love it's location and of course the fact it's open 24/7 but you don't quite get what you pay for, compared to other diners. I do however love their pie! I got the strawberry shortcake and it was very large and delicious, definitely recommend.
Your standard diner. Huge portions, typical menu, comfy seating to reflect on your crazy Vegas adventures. The food isn't Michelin star quality, but you're probably looking for some drunchies anyway! It will be perfect. A little ways down the strip but worth the work getting there.
I used to like eating  here, service was ok but food was great!. Now service is bad and food sucks!
I am very meticulous about my hair. Supercuts was the best I have had in years. Highly recommended!
Five star service and friendliness rating for our server, Kiely(?). Poor wines selection to qualify this place as a wine bar. Forget about it.
Excellent food and staff.  Food is fresh, can take a little time, but well worth the wait. Good wine list with some descent options.
Ein sehr nettes Caf\u00e9: Top-Lage (direkt gegen\u00fcber KIT), angenehme Preise, \u00f6ffentliches WLAN und der Kaffee ist auch richtig gut.
pretty cool place.  kind of annoyed that we were told they'd lower the hoop for my 6 year old son, then when we got there they said they couldn't do it. Overall, still a cool place though.
started off with Vietnamese ice coffee just right then spring rolls with pork it's making me hungry right now then Bun Bo Hue: spicy beef soup. man who runs it was Very nice\nwhen in Vegas you have to go
Worst Danny's location in Phoenix! Went today at 12:45 and after getting the ticket sat in my car for 20 minutes and NEVER moved toward vacuuming station. Wash line was 15 cars deep and Washer was not operating.  I opted to leave. This happens too often here- avoid this place and go elsewhere.
Terrible food & service.  Emailed the company to express my disappointment & never heard back from them.
Classy atmosphere, wine, tasty stone crab, and succulent steak. Joe's is top notch, the service is fantastic, and the food is delicious. If you're willing to throw some money down on a worthwhile meal, head here immediately.
What kind of restaurant doesn't have Caesar Dressing or Chicken Breast? Other than that, my sandwich and salad were good once I could find something on the menu that fits my tastes.
Awesome service- esp Miss Heather!!!
Guess this just is not my kind of place. Concept resto and I don't get the concept. Food marginal. Drinks worse. Won't be back
Just moved into the area and we have tried Taco Feliz twice so far. The food is Very Good!  Carnitas Tacos, Chili Rellano,, Carnitas Burrito! Yummy!
It's great if you are under 30, over 30 find another locale.\n\nBy the way if you are over 30 in Madison are there any options?  Yes, there are, leave and find another larger fabulous city.\n\nMy recommendation is to be invisible or go somewhere else.
Marc in service is great, but the lady up front at the reception desk (blond older woman) brings this entire dealerships reputaion down. Shes rude, and doesnt understand the title of her job...instead she makes people not want to ever return or purchase a car here.
Very nice place with horribly slow and in attentive service. Both my steak and my wife's scallops were undercooked with the steak being too rare to eat. Pretty disappointing.
Food was just so so. Just make sure you check your credit card or bank online to make sure amount doesnt differ. Small amount but it is the principle of the matter. Maybe I didn't tip enough but it's not up to the waitress to decide that! Isnt that illegal to do?
Disgusting behavior, meat market. I was sickened by the experience.
Bad customer service. Very rude. \nFood is really bad and oil used for fries hasn't been changed in a long time.
Pretty cool atmosphere.  I like the whole chalk board idea, but I was not impressed with my boba. I got the Thai Tea boba , didn't have much flavor.  It's nice cause its close to home but I would rather drive to Spring Mountain.
This place closed this past weekend. Sorry to see it go.
This place is so alive!  I love the Viagra shot, a new addition a great new interpratation of an oyster shooter.  You got to try it!  The revolving sushi belt is always a great conversation and the sushi\nMenu is filled with unique items.  Don't miss out on this place!!!!
Good food. Reasonable prices. Good portions.\n\nFriendly service.
Good food - very prompt service - wide variety on the menu - food is just ok, but the staff is very friendly and very accomodating - give it a try, you might see some things you like
Fun place but not nearly as fun as before. But for an ice skating place it's not too bad. :)
I go to Food Truck Fridays quite a bit.  Lately I find myself ending up back at Hey Joe!.  The Chicken Adobo is really good.  Lumpia is good sized and delicious as well.  Make sure to get the sweet chili sauce to dip!  Friendly service and a clean truck with cool graphics.
Good food, with a truly one of a kind vibe... you have to experience it to appreciate it.
First rate sandwich and breakfast place. Good value sandwiches, each coming with a great fresh chocolate chip cookie! Limited breakfast items. But good breakfast sandwiches and pastries. Self serve. Fast . Great.
All the restaurants close very early which is odd. I flew during Thanksgiving weekend and not one place was open at 10pm while the whole airport was bustling. Made no sense. Also, there were barely any outlets and the charging stations are always full and not worth the wait line.
I LOVE going to Desert Nail Spa for pedis! Kim and Karen are my two fave nail techs,  and everyone there is friendly :)\n\nI only wish they were open a little later at least once a week.
The caramel machiato is amazing. The only reason I am giving it 4 star is because it's kinda pricy.
Its yogurt, about 12 flavors. Nice and clean place.
The finished resurfacing the parking lot last week. The place is starting to show signs that they are spending money on it.
Awesome place, great atmosphere and a wonderful staff! Joe and Gabi the owners are one of a kind. Consider us regulars!
Our fave go-to Thai place. My bf loves their pork fried rice. Good menu - pretty good padthai. It's actually the best in Charlotte, but I have high expectations. Their green curry is good too, but sometimes has too much fish sauce in it...
Love this place!!!  Excellent service even when swamped!  Food ready & fresh on revolving server. :)
I can't speak to how the local students like this place, but 2 bars + bowling are A-OKAY by me.
Hands down best comic book store in Vegas. If they don't have it in stock, they know where to get it. I'm totally hooked!
My favorite neighborhood food! Always on point with deliciousness and a smile! Great great GREAT food and really reasonable prices! The buffet is a go to! And they are open late!  And they have they Buffett everyday! Boom!
Throw me a bone here fellas!  Yeah, that spicy italian sub was tasty, but at $6 without a drink or chips you're hitting the wallet pretty hard and leaving me hungry.  Guess I'll just stick with the custard in the future.
This place is one of my favorite places! Their stuffed bacon cheese burgers are fantastic! the mimosas and Sunday brunch burrito are the best!!! This is my go to place when I want a great burger or great brunch.
$10 a guinnes in a plastic cup !?!\n\nWay too expensive  !
I was told I needed a lot of procedures that, in fact, I didn't need when I got a second opinion at a dental office nearby. The staff is personable but that is about all I have to say regarding this. I was in there for 3 hours for just a consult and X-rays.
Super bon
Only have been here once but they have so many choices!! The ferrero rocher was to die for! Tasted exactly like the chocolates! I will def be back soon!
Horrible sushi.... service was fine but will not be back!
Long wait times, very little time with the Doctor. Can't fill the same prescription that i've had for the last 10 yrs over the phone, you have to make an appointment to request a refill. This place is bad, avoid it if you value your time.
A little run down. But you get what you pay for I guess.
Went here because my feet were painful and I just could not find comfortable shoes. The staff was very knowledgable and helped me pick out some great shoes and an orthotic to help with my foot problem. In 2 weeks my feet feel great and I will never go any where else for my feet and shoe needs.
Good Chicken shawrma, got the lunch portion which was very reasonably priced (7.50 I think).  Although the waitress gave me rice instead of the veggie option, the meal was still well worth it.  Good for the $$, will be back for lunch again.
The food here is very authentic. We ordered orange chicken and green pepper beef. Both plates are very delicious. The egg flower soup also good. Price is very reasonable and staff is very friendly. Highly recommend everyone to try it out.
Absolutely amazing tacos.  These tacos are truly supreme.  I feel that they Los Tacos has the best tasting carne asada in all of Las Vegas.  They are not as fast as other taco shops, but I guess you can't rush taco perfection....
Went there for lunch last Friday with my wife sat outside good atmosphere, flat bread was great!! The app's were good as well. I'll try it again
Average Good and Cheap.\n\nWhat can I say the food was good.  The service was good.  \n\nPizza hot and crisp crust.  Wings were hot and not over fried.  Price was right. \n\nPerfect for a school sports pizza outing, watching the game or family night.
I went there for Lunch. The portion of it is too small and pricy. the taste is just okay. We cant really read the waiter's writing on the check (only numbers). Really need an improvement
Great food and very friendly staff. Highly recommended this spot if you're craving Vietnamese.
this is the spot.. if ur not into strip clubs.. XS is the place to find ur gurl!!!
Service took a long time, food took a long time. The food itself was not Mexican, but probably more Mexican-inspired. Still not very good though. The fresh guacamole made at your table is a fun idea and tasted good but was way overpriced. Probably would be OK if I never went back there again.
Stopped here real briefly to get some food to before I dropped off my rental car at the airport.....I snagged a delicious, humongous burrito for like $5 that kept me satisfied my entire red-eye flight back to the east coast. Would definitely come here again.
Had a layover in Las Vegas airport, and decided to check this place out. Decided to get an iced tea instead of coffee. The lady working recommended the blood orange ice tea -- it was really good! Not too sweet, and it was an ice tea that was unique and different.
Very nice motel at reasonable rate at least for November.  OK to good breakfast but breakfast room kinda small.  Moved on to a more expensive hotel for conference and wished I was back here.
Many Gluten free options.\nFood is fresh and healthy \nLove the chicken pho and beef or pork bun. \nSpring tools are delicious too!
Note says it will re-open March 1st but when we went to location it was now Charlie's Bar.
The food was absolutely delicious! I had french toast that was properly cooked and tasted delicious, while my friends had sausage and potatoes and more. They loved everything they had.  The decor was a little lame, but who cares, the food was great!\n\nWe will definitely be going back.
Just plain and simple. Poppyseeds is still on top. They are very consistant in quality and taste. Their bagels just right, but, I am still in love with the muffins!
You go to this place if you enjoy extremely long wait time even when there is hardly any customers and/or you enjoy poor staff attitude. Avoid otherwise.
I don't mind the occasional lunch burrito here. A filling meal, when you are on a budget
Lady with bronze hair with a glasses is really bad. She work in Starbucks. \nShe ask customer to leave because we didn't buy anything !! Fuck you \nWe comes to this location many times n every times we always buy drink or magazines. \nNo more Barns n Noble
Their bread is baked fresh daily!! YUM! Their sandwiches are huge, so I'm glad they serve halves. The tuna melt on Rye (with Swiss substitued for cheddar) is amazing and delicious! Very small place, but definitely worth it. They are super friendly too!
I have always loved this place.  Now even more since Tommy has become our favorite waiter!  Definitely ask for him.
Had bad service and bad shrimp.  Can't comeback from serving bad shrimp or should I say prawns. If it was good,3 stars at the most.
Best waiter in years!! Gage was awesome! He is attentive but not stalkerish.  Serves can make or break an experience. If you have Gage you will definitely enjoy the awesome food.
All the food I've had here is good and the service is very friendly.  Try the burritos and the brownies.
Beautiful lights for Christmas!  Great to come and see with or without kids.  Always try to do some of the local stuff when we go places, so while this was off the strip by a lot- it was worth the time.
Went for my 21st birthday, got upgraded to a forum tower suite 23rd floor overlooking the pools. 2 bathrooms with an entrance to a double shower headed shower in each bathroom. Huge tub, tons of mirrors and closet space. Beautiful room, within walking distance of the best hotels. Had the time of my life.
I'm such a fan of this place! They are super on top of things, respectful, and fast!  As a 30 woman I can dread going into automotive places as you never know how you will be treated but they are always fantastic! Worth every penny!
What a dump! I don't watch the show but all my clepsydra do and I was intrigued to see the place after their stories. Let's just say we were all equally disappointed!
Food was not bad! Waiters kept a full drink on our table. Not much to choose from. Good price.Overall seemed like a good spot for a quick fix.
Nice clean bar with a ton of beer options.  Full bar as well.  I didn't order any food, but I saw a burger come out that looked pretty good.
I've been coming to Ocean's with my husband for 7yrs.  The staff is great and they do awesome mani/pedis!
Great food. Great beer. Great atmosphere. I love this place for a cozy lunch or for a fun happy hour with friends.
The Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye was outstanding.
Cool place to start your Mill ave escapades at. Gets busy early and you can play pool or get a cheap drink! Overall great staff and service!
Excellent food. Lobster pot pie was amazing. The dessert trio is a great finisher. There is also an extensive wine list.
Very busy place and usually a delayed time to see the doctor even if you have an appointment set.
An amazing little place! 12 pages of unique house made cocktails- many with their own flavors and extractions. Great low key atmosphere in the Mont Royal neighborhood. Bartenders are extremely knowledgeable and fearless in recommending something you might never try otherwise. Highest recommendation.
Really great little place to grab lunch and take a seat for a little. There lunch specials are really good and great prices. Best part they run their lunch specials until 5. the Servers were kind of slow and hard to be found but that's it.
If you're ever in Charlotte, this place is worthy of a visit. From zip line to rafting they have it all. Great food and beer to enjoy while you watch the activities.
NEVER USE monotronics alarms. not if you ever need to use their customer service anyway.  everytime i speak with them, i cannot understand anything they say. they speak monotone and do not care about their customers. it is a waste of a phone call every time i need to discuss matters with them.
Very meh. Didn't really care for the atmosphere. Very forgettable and bland. You'd be better off trying somewhere else for dinner and saving time, money, and your stomach. \n\nNot. Worth. It.
Ordered the Margherita flat bread...cold cheese semi stale bread...not good. Fries were soggy. ..nothing special..onion rings were typical frozen to deep fryer...again not very good. Would not come back.  Our waitress was wonderful though.
Awesome place, the hot dog is awesome. I also tried the carne asada burrito and it was great.
One of my favorite lounges in Vegas for the generally upscale crowd, ample seating, and elevated vantage point from the 1.5 and 3rd floors.
Great dim sum. This is the first time we have been here in the evening. Even after 9pm the dim sum is steaming hot & they offer to make anything on the menu to order that we haven't seen on the carts. Delicious & great price quality ratio. Very attentive staff; excellent customer service!
reviewers bao and helen need to realize that perfection takes time. relax!\n\nthis place is not kidding when they start their name with \"best.\"\n\nlisten to the lizard......
Service is so slow every time I come here. But there are no other closer Mexican restaurant near here.
I really enjoyed the blue raspberry and Apple Bon bons, but I wasn't a fan of the macaroon. It wasn't what I was expecting. It was light and fluffy, but the favors were off for me. The service was great and the staff were very friendly. I would go again.
Was told the wait would be 30 minutes. Almost 2 hours later had to leave and didn't even get the oil change that I had come for. Very disappointed In the service, would not recommend anyone to go there with out calling ahead and even then it's a bit shotty.
You get what you pay for - no-frills basics but it works. The night staff could use some customer service training.  I have no excuse to stay here again and certainly would pursue other options if looking in the area.
I had the veggie burger with a side of fries and they were both delicious! The server was friendly, music was good, and football was on.  Great place to grab a bite to eat and have a drink.  Very close to the heart of Plaza Midwood, which makes it a nice stop before going out.
This time the ribs were pretty bad - dry and tough and tasteless and over salted and over peppered and probably a few days old.
It really is a cute place to go, as well as a great addition to the mall. I went to see the sea critters, but it's more aimed at children (which naturally means I enjoyed it!)
They have the BEST springrolls---not fried!  We also love their pad thai---spiced to your palate.
Love this place! They food is fresh and delicious!! Service was great too! If you like clam chowder, try it here...it's made fresh and you can definitely tell!!
They have some SERIOUSLY delicious vegan pizza (with or without Daiya cheese) and vegan ice cream! Pop-Up Pizza is also easy to find, and surprisngly not at all smokey despite being in a casino. Highly recommended.
Very cool place.  Fun games, good wine!  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that wants to get off the beaten path and have some good old fashioned fun.
I loved the decor and the whole layout of this hotel.  Rooms are on par with the best on the strip which is expected for this high end stay.  Great service and if you ever get to use the VIP service, do enjoy.
There was nothing special about my burger it was Denny's quality food and extremely slow service, they seemed understaffed - better off going to the buffet
Used their take out services - pizza and spaghetti.  Both were terrible.  Took a few bites and threw the rest away.  What a waste of good money
All I can say is their food is just MeH.. I had bowtie pasta with pesto and garlic. 1 star because I like pesto. Other than that, nothing too special.
My boyfriend brought me to Hanks for a lovely birthday dinner and we loved it. They have our very favorite wine, Justin's Cabernet Sauvignon! We shared their steak which was huge and delicious. Server was very attentive but then again, it's an expensive place so i expect the service to be up to par.
Hot Bagels, always my go to for a lox craving.  Generous portions of salmon, cream cheese, onions, and salty capers that burst in your mouth on your choice of bagel.
The food was bland.  The chips came from a bag.  It was far too expensive for the quality of food they serve.  The service was decent though if that counts for anything.
Amazing view, amazing martinis! I will be back, oh yes... I recommend a bread basket (yes, bread.. sooo good!) Duck sliders and mango martini... delicioso!
Good food. also had the sexiest server. not sure if she is asian or mexican. but love the fake eyelashes and tight shirt
Love Town Square I'm here almost every weekend !!!
Needs better serving attendants, doesn't  show office hours , servers don't know when the restaurant opens and when open Servers aren't ready chefs are not present when open this only for Fuku .
Great corner old-school ice-creme shop. I'm here every summer with my kids. It's also next to my favorite park so it's full of win...
Food is great but service is consistently horrible. To the point where it's actually humorous how bad it can get....come with patience for dine in or even a take out pickup
Staff was friendly but the sandwhich was just horrible. The meat was soggy and had a texture that was so unappealing.  I am pretty sure I enjoyed the same sandwich in Vegas but boy was it different here. Staff gets 4 stars and food gets a half for a two star review.
Has an awesome selection of different types of meat. Price is great. The seasonings are fresh and you could actually smell the fruit!
Recently remodeled.  I have been here twice in the last 2 weeks.  Both times I had their curry, once red and once green.  Both were excellent and I would do it again when I'm in the area.
Went here as a new patient and got great service overall. I am definitely not a fan of the dentist generally, but they were friendly and helpful and did the most thorough review of my dental situation that I have ever had.  I appreciated the extra advice they gave me and will definitely be back.
There is nothing like a fresh from the oven pizza with melted cheese and my favorite toppings! The quality and freshness is consistent and I love the dessert pizzas, too! MC
Man $1 jello shots were fantastic. They treat you good there...always in a good mood, always happy and you should go with any recommendation they give you. We always try to hit up Fat Tuesdays when we are in LV.
Decent starbucks. They've never gotten my order wrong and are usually pretty quick. (I usually go in around 7-8 which might be why) the only thing is that the tables always seem dirty or messy when I'm there.
Way too old school and average for the price.
This was my favorite Mexican restaurant for 13 years but, tonight I found a cocker roach in my tamale!! I know this location is old but, if your roaches mix with the food this is a bad thing!! Feeling very sad because we love true food but just can't go back:(
I had a great time at Houdini's Magic Shop. The clerk was very helpful and answered all of my questions. He was a practicing magician too which helped a lot. He really knew his stuff!
I love District one! The bartender Adrian is amazing, she recommended the Stir Fried Pepper Lobster with Garlic Noodles and it was incredible! 3 pounds of heaven! Thank you Adrian! You made my birthday so special and those coconut mojitos blow my mind!
Interesting menu.  Overall, everything was very good.  Healthy portions and quick service.  Gringo burrito was good.  Small complaint, but fruit is mostly honeydew--ugh!  Coffee was fine and I appreciated the various milks and creamers.  Hot tea was great.
Their cookies are ok for the only cookie delivery place in town. But it should NOT take over an hour to get half a dozen cookies delivered to you. Ever.
Cox was great until I spoke with their customer service person Juan (Employee #1347). All I wanted to do was take some packages off that I currently have.\n\nI'm paying the 150.00 cancellation charge and Cox can shove it!
great coffee, pleasant atmosphere... worth a visit for both locals and tourists...\n\n\nthe coffee was brewed just right... a bastion of happy caffeine.... was traveling and met local friends here for coffee --- was very pleasant...
I had the Ruben sandwich the it had good flavor but almost no meat. It was so thin that I almost sent it back. \nAlso they need to add cashiers the line was way too long.
Fun little joint for lunch or dinner in downtown Fort Mill.  Absolutely wonderful that all items are local and/or organic.  I recently had the Fish Po'Boy.  Very tasty.  I encourage you to try it out when driving through Fort Mill.  I just hope this starts a trend of local restaurants in the downtown area.
I went there because craving for wonton mee. they do serve pretty good wonton mee. I've also order egg custard but disappointed because we know it's frozen food.
Got the twin breakfast burrito and it was good! Little wait time at 10am and the staff was great. Cold water plus a good salsa! I would have like to try a different meat and not have to get an exact twin burro but I guess it's policy...
Not really that great. Large portions though.
Pricey but it's a nice little alternative if you just want to grab a snack, coffee or light meal. Reasonably good coffee and cakes here.
In Tempe visiting my son...had a taste for some Good Chinese Food...found this place..and had a very Enjoyable Dinner food was Great and Service was Excellent
This would be the chinese hang out. The food quality and price are the reasonable but the service is so- so.
Honestly it was mediocre!  Not great! I would not go back! Poor martinis, steak was OK and the side's were just ok.
The selection isn't so great. They do have a bunch of athletic shoes, but the dressy stuff looks cheap and quite frankly I'd never buy. The sales associate was very monotone which didn't make the experience any better, but got 2 pairs of Zapatos for $50 so I guess not bad
Plenty to find.  Hipster place for sure
Awsome place. See cindy shes great for nails. You have to have the deluxe pedi done...the hot rocks are wonderful.\n\nCall before going in esp on weekend as they do get really busy.
I've been coming here for a few years now and it is like coming home. I am greeted by name and the food is always great. The owners use local farm ingredients and I feel good supporting local people instead of a nameless, faceless chain restaurant.
The decor is very unique.  It is like an indoor courtyard which is very distinctive and fun.  The country music was far too loud and it was definitely distracting.\nThe po boy sandwich was great, but very difficult to eat.  Overall it was good and I will be back, they just need to tweak a little.
The four of us found the menu and service too confusing to stay.  Our Quebecois friends took us next door for something easy breezy.  \n\nBesides, we wanted a larger degree of freedom and choice on our last night in the city.  We just didn't want pasta or pizza.
yum! I am so glad that I have a brother who lives in Vegas who can take me to some great local spots. This was one of them! Its places like this that make me want to move out west. \n\nEveryone loved what they got, the Chocolate Croissant is a must!
Easily my favorite restaurant in Madison. Very attentive waitstaff. I've never had a dish here that I didn't like.
This place has the worst food on the planet. Take this as an indicator: the chips and salsa were horrible, the drinks were flat, and there was a blatant typo on the menu. Don't waste your time or money.
I was really disappointed tonight! My baguette was a little soggy and the cafe sua da was definitely not the same. Let's hope these kinks get worked out in due time because I know a lot of us have been waiting for Vegas to get a Lee's for a long time now.
This is my FAVORITE pizza in the world!!
I've tried LA Fitness, Pure Fitness, and other gyms in the valley. So far i am really liking the 24 Hour Fitness facilities and staff.  Pure and LA always seem like meat markets to me, and smaller gyms will just rip you off. This gym never seems too busy and they have decent cardio and weight equipment.
Pretty decent BBQ.
Had a great experience here!! Got the Groupon! I had Pedro as a therapist and he was great I walked out feeling like a new person I would definitely recommend episage to a friend!
Kameron was friendly, helpful and efficient. Much better AT&T store than the location at Rampart andCharleston.  Kameron helped us upgrade our phones and did it without making us wait around.
Small pet store with very little saltwater fish which is what I go in for. They have great prices if they have something your looking for.
Excellent for live music - country music. I've only eaten here once, and it was OK. Not memorable. We only comeback for cold beer and live music. We enjoy the people watching on the dance floor.
i feel like this hotel and casino is more appealing to the guys than gals. i think i only like the green glow of the place on the outside hahaha!
The first time I came, I was so blown away with the food I had to come back! Best carrot cake you have ever had hands down!
Nice hotel and very clean interior. Staff were polite and professional.\n\nMain problem was that the walls were paper thin, you could easily hear conversation in the next room easily!!!\n\nOtherwise, a solid choice.
Buffet isnt very clean.  Food isnt very fresh.  Service was not very attentive either.  Very disappointing. .
Terrible airline operations, incompetent TSA.  You're better off flying in to ABQ and driving.
Great beer selection and a lot good food in the cafe, with vegan options. Everything is very reasonably priced. I wouldn't recommend going later at night unless you love crowds and tight spaces. Sometimes it can be obnoxious.
Never been let down yet. Chicken Yakisoba is my fav!! Make sure you find and use a buy 1 get 1 free coupon. I mix the red chili sauce and teriyaki and make my own spicy addition. Love this quick lunch place and their friendly staff!
Greyhound sucks. Terrible. Went on a trip to atlantic city and back home. Not one leg of the trip did the bus leave on time. Just terrible.
Very nice customer service, food is not bad. I personally like bigger cut fries.
We went here for a bday celebration. Service is excellent. We had the white truffle tasting menu. The pumpkin soup was excellent.  I also liked the scallop and guinea hen dish. The risotto and dessert were a disappointment. This is still a very good dining experience.
Great if you're looking for fried food! Had an interesting meal that consisted of corn on the cob and wings. The ambiance is very causal, you go up to the counter and order and then get served at your table. All around good if you want to eat fast and leave full!
Ugh.  Not my kinda place.  Just a bunch of chain stores and restaurants.
Been here a few times now & it's a bar with awesome food! I've had there famous tacos & a quesadilla of the appetizer menu with zero complaints! Will come back again!
It's good for breakfast though the rest of the menu stinks. And it's quite pricey. I would not recommend this place for food.
THIS PLACE HAS MORE RESTAURANTS THAN I COULD COUNT!!! And everyone was so helpful and friendly.  Maybe I should visit Charlotte itself and not just their Airport
Not crazy about this location.. usually a line.. and doesn't move too fast.                            Every so often  i find a great deal!
Don't let the hours of operation or \"open\" sign fool you, no one is ever there to assist you. I've tried three times, now I'm done.
The chef left and they replaced him with some skeery cook.... after 2 horrible meals we have not gone back. That was almost a year ago.
This place is a hidden treasure!  The chaat is delicious and you can't beat the prices!
My wife and I love this place. It's quick, somewhat healthy, and consistent. $15 for two of us.
Amazing !!!!!  Customer service was sooo good. Honestly one of the best places. We had a party of 5. And got two apps to starts sooo good. And then shared three pastas. Sooo amazing !  Meatballs to die for. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm coming back.
This has become a normal stop for us and considering our small local airport only flies to Charlotte we are here quite often. I've never had a bad experience.
In Henderson, there isn't much competition to Friendly Donuts. But this place might be better. Soft, light, delicious donuts, and nice and cheap. Service is great and some notable favorites would be the chocolate twist and the apple fritter. Give it a shot!!
Awesome tacos! The steak and spicy pork are the bomb! Tried the Mexican candies, similar to the Chinese candied fruits. Really sweet but good. Restaurant is kept real clean even the tables outside. The bathroom is spotless!
Worst service I have ever experienced\nLarge takeout order was 25 minutes late and they Didn't even have forks!! Girl working at the front didn't have a clue, she wasn't on top of things at all
This place is great. I have been coming here for sometime. I always go with the same lady and she does a fabulous job.
Their Chicken65 is bomb!! I absolutely love it there. As a foodie, this is by far one of my favorite indian restaurant in Vegas. \n\nAlso try the Briyani, it is infused with amazing flavors.
Just wanted to swing by and say: YEP. The steak and fish are as good as the other meats! Need to keep some of those brand-name hot sauces on the table though (they've been replaced by \"house\" only bottles, which are very mild).
We loved this place! Great atmosphere, great food, great service. I had a drink called something like \"Bahamacardi\" and it was so good! The shrimp linguine was delicious, and my sister said her fish was too. I can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas.
Recently had Tonya do a maternity shoot for my husband and I out at Lake Las Vegas. LOVED working with her. She had some great ideas and was very professional. Can't wait for her to do our newborn photos when our little guy decides to arrive!
Not a big casino like others on the strip. What I liked about this place was that it wasn't crowded. Next time I would like to hit up the stores during business hours.
The food was not good! The fish had a chicken texture. The Cajun flavoring was say to spicy. The service over all was ok.  And the rice was good. This place is overrated.
Truly a fun place to hang out and people watch.  I was in last night for a late night glass of wine and a pizza.  The prosciutto pizza is super thin crust and pretty good.  A lot of people from Comicon were in and out wearing their costumes.  What a kick!
The sushi is good. the atmosphere is more for younger folks.. 20-30 year olds.  They have a full bar as well.
I adore RA!  They have a great selection of sushi.  Go for Happy Hour.  Its only a couple of hours, but you really get some great items for pretty cheap.  You can even get a large Asahi for about $5!
This is my favorite of the F&E stores. Always clean, always stocked, always friendly. Great produce and meats. We are loyal customers!
The service was awesome. The pizza was awesome. The ambience was awesome. Zero complaints and some of the best pizza I've had in Vegas. Try the True Italian. You will not regret.
Silly overpriced place run by trust fund baby hobbyist hipster and frequented only by his like. FYI Any of the goods can be purchased cheaper on line
Oh my god; the Poutine was cold and just disgusting and the hotdog was not great either.  The cheese also was playing on its own within the dish. Do not go here - tastes very differently versus other la belle province franchises.
Friendly staff and great Americanos!
Service was very slow but the food was good. The banana cream pie shake was AMAZING!!!
We normally love this place. \n\nWe saw a roach in the bathroom and when we asked to speak to the manager the waitress said: \"we don't really have a manager\" \n\nThis is my last time coming here. \n\n- former regulars.
This place is nasty. A have friends who recently contracted food poison from their bone in wings. Someone in that kitchen isn't cooking food right. I'll never go back. Drive to a different location.
I hope that bitchy pit boss has been fired by now.  Perhaps her name was Shirley?  She was just TERRIBLE.
I used to swear by Buffalo Wild Wings, until my girlfriend introduced me to Wing Stop.  While they might have less of a selection when it comes to flavors of wings don't hold that against them.  The Wings are awesome, I have tried BWW a few times since eating at Wing stop and they just don't compare.
Best Bang for your buck no doubt!  lunch specials, come check it out.
discovered this pub by mistake...great chill, down to earth vibe. bunch of Rugby players were celebrating their game so that made it interesting.\n\ngreat live music too!\n\nhttp://instagram.com/p/eRYh4Yo1Hc/
Ok food, tries too hard atmosphere, lots of cute men, horrible service.
Guess what? They don't deliver until 5pm. After filtering our search for delivery, this is the third pizza place that yelp info has gotten wrong, we are now frustrated!  \n\nJust wanted to order pizza for delivery by the pool at Legacy Resort and get pm with our day.
ok experience, just got to a point I did not want my membership anymore and it was complicated to stop it all. I just did not like the autopay committment.
One of the best Italian meals I've ever had. Very pricey but worth the splurging. We let the chef chose our apps and dessert. We weren't disappointed. Save your allowance though. The bill was high. A meal I will remember though.
Food is great.  High end sushi.  Josh the mgr hooked us up with a few apps on the house.  Bad part:  Our server was terrible. Christy or something like that.  She needs to go work at Denny's with an attitude like that.  Won't be going back.
I like Trader Joe's, just not a big fan of this location.  It's an extremely small store and someone always seems to be crawling up your arse.  They got a weird parking lot too.  I drive a few more miles and go to the Traders located on McKlintock & Gaudalupe.
Best Teppanyaki Restaurant HANDS DOWN! Loved the service, and absolutely Loved the food. My husband and I will definitely be coming back. EXCELLENT service from everyone. Great fun-upbeat environment. Good laughs good laughs. We recommend Chef Tiger :)
descent desserts great meat dishes
Waited for 10 minutes before anyone came to our table and that was only after we asked the hostess.... Order was wrong when it came out, wings were luke warm, servers were oblivious. Won't be going back.
We were hungry and craving sushi and so we came here.  Food here isn't bad for it being a buffet.  But it's really nothing special. It def stopped our hunger. haha
Disgusting dog food and service. They tried to rip me off by saying this is \"how it's cooked\". Fuck that! My dog wouldn't eat this garbage. Beware!!!!!
Awesome hotel! Very clean and comfortable.\n\nThe view we had was the fountain view and was it awesome! Had a great time at the pool area too and large enough for many people! One of the best hotels so far
The hotel is closed
Great course if you don't play full fare.\nExcellent conditions, \nTrue & challenging greens,\nCourse rewards good shots and isn't too punitive for bad ones\n\nWould definitely play again.
It's like any other chili's. not the best service; not the worst.  It's a chain so i don't think they really care about training people to be spot-on.
$18 for a strawberry rhubarb martini???? It is hard to complain about the price when they are oh-soooo delicious.  Luckily I am a vegetarian so I drank my steak budget.  I will make my way back to this spot for their martinis and mashed potatoes.
Friendly service, good food. Ridiculously slow. 5 people behind the counter and fewer in line and still almost 15 minutes to microwave a cup of oatmeal and deliver it mostly warm. It's an airport- not everyone has time to stand around and watch incompetence play out.
Something is wrong with the map on yelp, it direct you to a location far north from the actual location.  Olive and 103rd is the correct cross street.\n\nMap quest the address
Probably my favorite Tropical Smoothie location in the city.\nI'm always satisfied when I come here!
Good food and great patio dining.  Parking is lousy but it always is at the district.
Best place I have ever eaten Chinese food, everywhere should have that house special chicken. The prices are phenomenal.
We have eaten here every time we are in vegas.Consistently top notch food drinks and desserts.Felt like a king and queen for 2 hours. Cannot say one bad thing about this place . Emeril has it down to a fine art! You will not be disappointed!
I eat here a couple of times a month. Take out is fast and good size portion. The food is cooked when ordered so it is fresh and hot. Scallops have sand so I avoid anything with them. Everything else is recommended.
The food was great but the service was not all that great. It took us 15 minutes for an order for a cup of ice to be filled. The pork steam buns were great and I like the Orange Chicken, which seems to be a hard dish to find anyone else making. I'd go again but for take out instead of dining in.
This is a sorority ran facility. I was uncomfortable the majority of the time I was there. Lots of pool tables is nice. The clientele is all male and I'm not surprised with the staff they have. I will not go back to this Baileys/Fox and the Hound.
Food and service both deserve this rating as does the other location outside of Chicago.
Total manipulation at Las Vegas airport Advantage counter! Reservation was for noon. Arrives at counter at 11:25 and was told I was too early! I stood 50' away for 30 minutes. Then manipulated up charges! Make sure you rent what YOU want, not what SHE sells.
my girlfriend and i love this location and the one in Sedona AZ. Great service , Food and atmosphere.
The steaks were amazing...cooked perfectly. The shrimp cocktail thick and meaty...great flavor. We enjoyed the great service of the very attentive staff. We look forward to a return trip back with visiting friends.
There were no issues with booking it. The ambiance is mind blowing. You walk in and feel like the royalty you are. I loved the tranquility room and the waterfall shower. The massage was lackluster to be nice. I enjoyed the facilities. I wish I would have chose a facial instead.
It's pretty ridiculous that you state you are open for delivery but then when I call you tell me your are closed. Unacceptable. False advertising.
Beware of the fees and don't expect to get the type of car you reserved, expect a smaller cheaper car without a consulate price reduction.
Deeeelicious. Try the almond snickers gelato--amazing taste and texture. EVERYTHING looked good. Friendly, quick staff. Indoor and outdoor seating. A great spot.
Would definitely stay here again. Great rooms -- clean, all the amenities, huge bathrooms, nice decor. The breakfast was great and the staff extremely helpful. Top tops all around.
Great people, great product. Works well :D
Beautiful!!! This is where im gonna stay next time!! The decor and furniture is ohhh sooo chic.
The folks here are super helpful finding birthday gifts for kids regardless of age and interest. Add free gift wrapping and a rewards program it makes for a decent value.
I wasn't here very long, but I was able to find some good food & drink easily!
The service is always friendly, prompt, and accurate here. I always feel welcome and the shop is always clean. No problems with this shop and I would recommend it to other yelpers.\n\nAnother note: they have always been fully stocked on the product I want
Yum!! The cook always comes out and talks to everyone. He's funny, plus he makes the best eggs and hash browns ever.
What is not to love about pretzels! Especially these. The new jalape\u00f1o with cheese is so yummy!
I love this place, there pizza is delicous and they have a great beer selection
Waited 45 mins for artist to show up in cab, then he said he didnt want to do the tattoo.  No review on tattoo work never made it that far.
The food was all very good but very pricey. I've had just as good for defiantly a LOT cheaper.  If I didn't have a gift card I wouldn't have eaten there and defiantly won't be eating their again unless I had another gift card or groupon.
I would stay as far away from this place as possible. I bought a 2007 Cobalt from these rip off artists and it had 80K miles on it so it should have last more than four years. The car died this week and I had nothing but problems with it from the time I drove it off the lot.
Pros\n- Great ambience\n- Friendly staff\n- Great apps\n- Good tomato sauce\n- Fair pricing\n\nCons\n- Except for the duck sausage pizza, menu is uninspired\n- Pizza/cheese was a touch too oily/soggy in the middle
The Big Blue (Chicken) Burrito was remarkably tasteless. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars was the prices are good and the food seemingly fresh. Good luck in Concourse C...you're going to need it.
Locker was robbed at this location. Staff member said this is a common crime there -yet rarely reported. A simple warning sign would have been helpful not a -weak disclaimer. There is so much that could be done to prevent this -though staff and corporate arrogantly do nothing.
For those of you that think this place serves great dim sum: you need to know that dim sum is suppose to be served warm. We ordered about 8 dishes that are suppose to be warm, but not a single one was served any better than lukewarm.
The most terrible service I have ever had, the actress's attitude is awful, order so slowly, if you separate you bill, she gives long face to customer, and this time I find a bug's wing in soup. I would never come here again.
We order in from here about once a month.  It's typical \"red menu\" Chinese but tastes very good.\n\nWe always get takeout.  They have yet to mess up an order.\n\nIf you are nearby this is the best Chinese in Greenfield Sq. Hill.
The price was nice, but I guess you get what you pay for. The food was ok, but it's probably not a place I'll venture to again.
Had a bad experience, you couldn't get a place to sit unless you spent $700 plus on bottle service. Had half the club roped of and empty. FYI it was $45 a person to get in we stayed 15 minutes, it was that much of a downer
I always enjoy coming here. Thaynara was very pleasant and quick to my table. I had a great western omelet. This is one of my favorite breakfast places in town.
Enjoyed the tour of the Shelby cars and factory. The tour guide had good knowledge of the facility and of Carroll Shelby. Took my elderly father and he enjoyed as well. Not too long for him and was comfortable thing to do in the air conditioned facility.
Lunch time service is virtually non existant, which is quite annoying when u just drove 10 hours, tired, and hungry.  The only reason i didnt give them a 1 star is cuz the food is decent.
My fianc\u00e9 and I took our engagement pictures here! The staff is very friendly and helpful as well telling us where all the notable signs were! We were in and out of there in 30 minutes and we took a lot of pictures!
I used to love Chompies no more. I got served yet another overly fatty, overly salty corned beef sandwich that was nothing but a mound of crumbly fatty meat. Where is Robert Irvine when u need him?
The food is good but the price is a little high if your looking for a late night snack. \nThe bar staff is mostly friendly and will soon learn your name and favorite drink. There is one bartender with a chip on his shoulder but he rarely works. Plus if you love cosmos they have great late night deals on them.
D's is just one of those places I love going to. I can't get enough of picking out my own 6 pack of wonderfulness. All amazing beer. The food has never let me down. The service has always been good. This place is just awesome.
On Friday evening at about 7 pm we had to wait 30 min for a table (for four) and than another 25 min for pizza. The thin crust pizza was delicious but no reservations accepted (need to wait to be seated).
Great doughnuts when in a rush . Only problem is that they are a little too sweet for my liking.
False advertising. It says on their flier that they deliver 24 hours, but no one answers the phones. Would have liked to try it but i cant order from a place that will not even bother to answer either number on the advertisement.
My boyfriend and I went there today.   This is our second time there... the first experience is good but today, we ordered a large bowl of seafood pho and it came with only 2 tiny shrimps, two pieces of squids and some frozen seafood meatballs that tasted really stale.  I do not recommend this place.
I went there with a friend last year after reading so many good reviews. The service is good. We didn't have to wait but I didn't like the food I ordered. I had a salmon with caper butter sauce. The fish is not fresh at all and the food is too geasy for me.
Been at this location 3 times and had Robert as my server. He provides great service and recommendations. Would love to be seated as his tables every time I come here.
Good pizza, been there many times. The girl behind the counter tonight was rude, slow and mildly retarded.  Go to the Arcadia location.
Had dinner with 7 friends here on a Sunday night. Service was prompt and timely. We shared 5 entree's between us, 2 rice and noodles. It was more than enough. The food was fantastic, highly recommend the Mongolian beef. Everything was amazing. Must try.
Cool spot sitting right above the water outside people watching. Seafood tasted frozed and not fresh never a good look for a seafood spot. Bikers were in the way of the service staff slowed service down a lot. Might return for lunch
This is the worse sushi place I've ever visited. I was in this place a year ago, and the sushi was horrible while the prices were expensive (~$7 for a roll).
Super expensive all side dishes are separate & $12-15 each. Food was good but just steak & not as good as Andre's on strip. Wont be back.
I visited Montreal on Formula 1 weekend (worldcup opening weekend also) soo this street was overcrowded so as Newtown! the DJ played lots of oldskool, I recommend it more for a 25+ crowds, drinks where not too strong maybe it was because of the overcrowd going on.
Great food & patio
Just tried a torta ahogada and a taco de barbacoa. Can't go wrong with either one!
This bar is located in the palace station not far from the main entrance. Had so much fun here. Went a few different nights. One band was amazing, and even the band we thought wouldn't be very good turned out to be pretty awesome. Stay at palace station, play at palace station, but drink at Jacks.
BBQ is fairly good, get there early or you won't get in. I would say its a bit over rated but worth trying.
I love stopping by this secluded spot. Quiet, relaxing and their employees are always helpful. I'm there when I am under the weather and need their assistance with any herbal medicine, from food/digestive enzymes to milk thistle for my liver. This place is great and they even offer therapy, massages, etc. Never a disappointment.
this location was closed! arrrrrrrrrgggggg!
Great little shop with plenty of Mexican influence. Love the shrimp offerings all starting for $4.50.  Sand floors, great colors, all they need is the ocean!
I went to this mall the first time last week because it was near my doctor's office. I was really disappointed, so many stores were closed and there weren't many stores I even wanted to shop at.
Good for a quick lunch.\n\nI have come to know this particular location as \"the good Arby's\".  It's the only one in the valley that is consistently decent.  The place is mostly clean, the food is okay for what it is, and the staff are nice.
This place is amazing. You walk in and feel right at home. Decor is bright and cheerful, makes for a light and pleasant atmosphere. I was able to order one French toast and one egg. Yummy, hard to screw up though, right? Well my hubby had chicken fried steak and said it was to die for!
Good food, great beer, TERRIBLE service. I waited 20 min at my table for a water, didn't even get the chance to place drink or food order until 30 mins in (after receiving 1 glass of water). Such a disappointment.
The food here was very good, and I would certainly go back.  I tried the korean-style pancake appetizer, which was delicious, and the bibimbap which didn't disappoint either.\n\nService was fast; great for a work-week lunch.
Your typical Starbucks. The only negative is about half the time their wifi doesn't work, which can be frustrating. I often go to Starbucks to get a little work done.
My husband and I love this place! The staff are always incredibly sweet and personable. We barely make our way over here once every six months and they remember us every time! The food is always fresh and delicious. Even when they're crazy busy, you'll never have to wait to long and you'll leave full and happy.
Lord of the Wings?......not!!\nBought 102 wings for birthday party. They were \n1. Very small\n2. Very overcooked to the point of crunchy.\n3. Very expensive !! Could have bought whole pieces of chicken at the Eagle for about the same price.
Not bad. Authentic Jalisco style. I would come back.
Nice people but they charge way too much found out they were overcharging me by $200
Outstanding food and great service. A very personal environment with a great outdoor seating area. They use all natural and locally grown ingredients so you leave satisfied and not feeling like crummy. Too often I leave restaurants feeling weighed down and as though I ate a brick. They have a wonderful Sunday brunch!
I go out of my way for Pho 68. Easily the best Spicy Chicken Pho I've had from anywhere. I typically do take out but I've eaten at the location as well. No complaints.
We went here based on a random recommendation. The chips and salsa were very good. The food is quite hot.
KC fried chicken is the best! Located inside Concord Mills Mall. Great for a cold one while you're shopping. Massive sandwich menu and good service.
always good food, wait time is always short reguardless of how busy they are.
I was not impressed by the high dollar mediocre items this brand has to offer.   The biggest difference between Home Goods and Hobby Lobby is the arts and crafts, making Hobby Lobby the better choice
Good food.  Very sloooooow service.
Easily the best pub food in the area. I've tried lots of different menu items and each one has been great. In particular I recommend their poutine with the curry gravy... Sounds odd but believe me it is excellent
I come to this location because its convenient and close to where I live but the staff isn't very helpful and they seemed like they had an attitude. They had what I was looking for but I wouldn't come here to get any information or tips on beauty needs from the staff here.
Very tasty gyros with a pretty decent portions. They also have some American food items on the menu also. Good place for lunch if you work in the area. Prices are reasonable.
Great food, services, ambiance, etc. The manager Robert was very attentive and informative about the restaurant local area things to do. I would recommend this place to everyone. Priced right for what you get. I don't know what the bad reviews are about? Maybe local competition. This place exudes class ! ! !
Meh. Nice tvs. Wait staff is like day shift at some dank hole-in-the-wall strip club (in that they seem like they hate their lives). Also, the food is ok but overpriced.
The food was OK.  I had the bulgogi beef and short ribs.   Nice d\u00e9cor.  There was one waitress serving and the service was terribly slow.  All in all I'd say try it for yourself.  I wasn't all that impressed but I wasn't unimpressed either.
The food is good... I knew that from previous experience. But I'm now waiting almost an hour and a half empty restaurant for food. This is crazy - what kind of service is this? How long does it take to cook a few burgers?
After writing the original review the company contacted me and asked me to email them and discuss what I had written in the review. I sent them an email and never heard back. \n\nThat's what I call great customer service. I won't be back.
Pretty good buffet food for a reasonable price, relatively speaking.  Lots of neat dishes you don't see everywhere and decor/presentation one notch better than most.  Many said service was really bad but it was great for us.  Only a few minutes wait too.
Really good pho, spring rolls and decent bun, I just wish my chicken came out a bit hotter. Service was quick and abrupt, but they make a mean imperial roll.
Was very disappointed with their online inventory not being current. I called about replacing a specific tire and was told they had it. The tire that was mounted on my rim was not the one I requested and was a no name tire with dry rot around the rim. Will never return.
If heaps of food at a reasonable price is what your after look no further then chompies. The menu is as gigantic as the sandwiches. While chompies is best described as a NY Jewish deli don't let the thought of liver scare you off !
It was ok. Too much of a chain feel to it for it to be considered authentic Greek food. Try Pita Jungle instead.
We love Rachel's!!! Quality food for people that care about their health. Gluten free menu is plentiful with options. They have gluten free pastas. Fresh juices made to order. When we are in Vegas this is a must for us!!! Give them a try.
Had the Shrimp Fried Rice and Mongolian beef. No flavor, the flavor extractor was used.  Big disappointment.
I like staying at planet hollywood. The rooms are clean with cool decor.  They have purple towels, haha. Its not expensive.
This place is really cool! Dancing and music were pretty fun. We must have caught them on a bad night because the food (sliders and chips) was really greasy and service was super slow. Place was busy but not packed. Bar was quick and efficient but food service needs help!
Way better than aiellos and mineos and everything else. I've lived in squirrel hill for 5 years and I can tell you that the delicious pizza smell making this neighborhood smell fantastic is coming from Napoli!
Sushi is AMAZEBALLS. Employees are super friendly. And you even get to watch them gut your fish. You don't find many fish places like this around anymore. I rather Penn Ave Fish Co. than Wholeys!
rotten strawberries on sale is not much of a sale =(
Nice store good location.\nI wish someone approach me and asked me what I was looking for \nI have to browse through every single aisle to find what I was looking for.\n\nOther than that it's a normal Fry's store.
The only reason I came here was because our school was doing a fundraiser.  Sandwiches are OK. Won't go again.
Went here in Aug, very cheesy. What you expect from Hooters, enough said.
Thumbs down.  The service was good, but the food just wasn't up to par.  :(
Deliciously flavorful juicy burgers and fries!  My boyfriend says its one of the BEST Italian beefs he has ever had.  I would like to see more on the menu, but it is a good thing that they stick to what they do best BEEF!
Since moved to Pittsburgh this is my second home. Italian bread roasted beef coleslaw and fries what a genius Idea !!!
Been twice!  Bloody Mary Bar, excellent view of the fountains and good food.  Good service.
Love the cider but wish they'd offer 1/6 kegs and bigger, to people off the street and not just bars .  It is on the expensive side for the amount you get in a growler and whatever...
Sushi is fresh and the service is good. Kee focuses on the freshness and preparation of traditional sushi. This is not the place to go if you want a bunch of specialty rolls.
This is the kind of place everyone needs to support. Good selection fair prices and sell some nice extras like sleeves for old 78s. Looks, feels and smells like a record store from the moment you walk in. I'm happy to actually buy music from this company as they do things right.
Very fast and attentive service. They were also nice enough to give me a monthly deal which was cheaper vs my coupon. \n\nHighly recommended for take and bake pizza in the extreme north valley or Stetson Hills area.
Another reason that I love the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport is because I can always get through the security in record speed. I have never waited longer than 10 minutes and that is pretty amazing.
\"Boybershop\" bring your boys in for the full treatment. Omar did a great job trimming up our 2.5 year old!
Burgers, fries and sweet potato fries were good and we had good service. For the money you pay you get more bang for your buck at 5 Guys.
Did not honor website prices, overcharged on a la carte lunch specials, and charged extras without warnings. And every table was available at noon. Coincidence? I think NOT!!  What happened to the restaurant that was here under the same name a year ago!?!
Excellent locally sourced food. Quite expensive but well worth it. For all menu items, the source of the ingredients is listed. They also give you small tastings between courses, a tiny cup of soup or an amuse bouche. \nTheir desserts, made from fresh fruit, tend to be excellent so save room.
Always great food here People are always nice\nAnd they have beer.    Free wifi as well \nWhat more can you ask for?
We went here only because every other restaurants were booked up.  It was ok, nothing impressive and since this is a Michael Mina, you bet it's overpriced.  I prefer RN74 in SF better.
Greg(?) had my car running smoothly in a snap! Thank you so much!
This place has pizza that makes me sick and feel barfy. Really Greasy pizza and the crust tastes like cardboard.
Just go to Fry's just a little further eat off baseline and gilbert rd. this place is awful.
Spectacularly good burger and based on my limited experience, the best in Charlotte.  Substitute the fries with the fresh broccoli spears splashed in garlic (an extra $1) and you can deceive yourself in believing a burger is a healthy food choice.
I have waited over an hour. They seem to get to all the regulars no matter the length of time you have been waiting.  I will not return.
The owners and staff are excellent...service is top notch.  I am now a regular based on quality of work and customer service.
TRASH\ndduk bbok ki.. shibal noma.. \n .
Excellent, many stakes and the cocktail service is super!
Seriously, best food ever. Amazing staff. Laid back atmosphere. Open late. Weekly specials. Love it here!!\n Just a note: The pizza shop and bar are separate companies.
Such a great experience. I'm always hesitant on someone cutting my hair. Summer was great she did everything I wanted, was very professional. Will definitely be going back to them again.
The food was OK. The beers were OK. The atmosphere was OK. The place was OK. I guess because there are close (better)alternatives like the Great Dane and the Old fashioned I'd give this spot an OK. I would go back and give it another try but only if with a lively bunch to help me through.
I'm from LA and know good Mexican food. This place taste just like the Mexican food in Southern California. Amazing. Best I have had in Vegas so far.
perfect for a hangover cure but putting that aside, i think 6 bucks for the chili cheese dog is outrageous. it wasn't bad but it wasn't the best either.
Just came in for a smog check. It's $19.95 regular price but with the coupon mailer it's $14.95. Can't really complain much about it. Simple service in and out and cheaper than jiffy smog definitely.
Average French food. Maybe because we were there for lunch? Nothing stunning. But it was still quite good
Delicious food and great service on this trip. Yum!
Good for simple Mexican Food! ;)
Highly recommended but truly disappointed. Staff is friendly. Order was wrong. They did offer free desert. That was good. Flan!  Too pricy. Will not recommend and will not return. Sorry!
These are best tacos in this area. Tacos el gordon are not that great.
Terrible food, too much salt in the dishes. Nothing is mild, everything we ate was chili pepper spicy. I know indian food is spicy, but the dishes here were unbearable.
This company does not deliver on what it says.  It takes money and does a little bit then wants more money and now my project (bathroom remodel) has gone on for over 5 months with not one aspect completed.  Stay away from them.
Food truck in Phoenix.  The catfish was greasy and the fresh bread just unraveled.    \n\nThe food here is not good enough to be in a food truck.  This would be a good blue plate special at Dennys; you won't die from eating it.
Pretty good for kids, average to below average for adults.  Friendly staff, good price.  Not the best tasting, but you can tolerate a slice or 2.  Limited dessert and salad options.
Fast production/shipping and Excellent customer service. Our lapel pins turned out just how we wanted. Adzonwheelz will definitely be using Logo Executives again.
While the ice cream looked delicious - there was no frozen yogurt.  I was led astray!  But this place sure is popular - the line was out the door.  I am on a quest for a local yogurt joint - not sure why Yelp lists this as both a yogurt & ice cream shop.
My 6yo son fractured his arm and we made an appointment to see Dr. Sanders.  All the supporting staff were kind, professional and efficient.  Dr. Sanders was phenomenal.  He explained everything to us, answered all our questions and had my son laughing and smiling.  I highly recommend Dr. Sanders and count him in my blessings.
We just split the appetizer platter which was reasonable.  Most of their other food is very over priced.
Rude rude rude staff. The smoothies taste like its water down. The employees are miserable and don't wanna be there. At least try being fake. Good heavens, I drive all the way to Jamba Juice 10 miles from home cuz tropical smoothie sucks in southern highlands!!!
my husband had an omelette that was good. i had a blt, a little on the small side for $10, but bacon was great. Our server was awesome!
Mexican spiced mocha is REALLY good!!!
Appetizer pork belly is amazing!!! Hawaii Peeps, it's like home... Miso butterfish is good and OX tail soup is better than Cal Hotel
\"hi welcome to QT\" every time I enter, great friendly service. Cleanliness is key to this store too. Great QT.
Maybe I had a bad experiance here... But everything I had was below average (omelete and regular pancakes). I much prefer the cracked egg just down the road.
As good as the food and atmosphere are...the service is equally bad. The place is small and somewhat pricey although not terribly. We have been several times and have a decent meal. Nothing great. Servers with some care and hustle would make this place stand out. Sadly it falls very short of the potential.
Complete and total lack of customer service.\n\nThey want you money and that's all ....\n\nI won't be back
Just bought this \"small\" Jack Fruit for $18 it sucks I couldn't find a scale to weigh this bad boy. The employees look mad but are actually very very nice.
The portobello mushroom chicken was surprisingly good, sweet potato was delicious. The service however was terrible. Good thing we enjoyed our food, not once did the server ask how the food was, in fact we didn't see her once after giving our order. Do not come here expecting above average service.
I had pho here, I had bun thit nuong cha gio, spring rolls and nem rolls.  The food is edible and didn't make me sick so I'm thankful.  I say, it's just not that special.  If I can make it better, why pay for it?
Horrible tacos!
Better than expected. \n\nWe went here to meet some friends. It is definitely fast food dressed up, but the pizza was good. Salads were nicely sized as well. The outdoor seating was right in the middle of the State St sidewalk and had great views of everything, which was nice.
So I walked into this place last week to get my eyebrows done and I was greeted by the most polite girl her name was Brigette! She was so outgoing and friendly and did a perfect job on my eyebrows and it didn't even hurt, she did an amazing job I'm definitely coming back to her again! Thanks Brigette :)
Have seen a few shows here and am always impressed by the acoustics. The American Soul and Rock-and-Roll Choir played last night and were excellent.
Incredibly this place is even worse than what other reviewers have said about it. Feel free to eat the cereal for dinner, it's right across from the scary looking sushi.
By far the best bakery I've been to!! I took some cupcakes and a couple of their cheesecakes to the office, they were gone in an instant!! Everyone loved them! Great staff too!
I love this store!\nThe staff is always ready to help you with dress selections!\nThe dresses are unique and fit to your figure wonderfully!\nIt is a bit pricey, but well worth the money if you are looking for that \"it\" dress!
Does yuck say enough. The food is so greasy and all tastes the same. Although they do have good wonton soup.
Great food, nice people and mediocre service. I enjoy this place often!
The scallops are to die for. The service is amazing. The scenery is beautiful. I'll be back again.
mediocre food to say the least, i won't be returning because i got sick after eating here.
I went during restaurant week and low staff attendance.  I'd rather try them again before i make any sore of written review.
It is rare that I take the time to complete a survey on service, but I was compelled to as my husband and I are always so impressed with this service.  The drivers are consistently accommodating and friendly.  We have come to look forward to this service and driver interaction being a part of our trip!
Greatest Starbucks on earth. Baristas are awesome and they keep it personal by remembering my name.
very  bad  service
Get your moldy veggies here! \n\nIt's a practical place, but seriously, weed out your veggies when you fill up the bin. I don't need to see white moss everywhere. Other than that it's fine.
Was like any other typical bbq place. Unsure why there was so much hype. Service was slow. Food was tepid.
Not a great job and mows with guards up.  Damaged my car and then denied it and started cussing.  Unprofessional and Rude and not very good landscape service.  I to wish they had a 0 star.
this has always been my go to breakfast spot. one of the only places in vegas with gluten free blueberry pancakes! the service is always friendly and their coffee is super good. great for take out as well.
I wish I could give this place no stars.  The place was nasty, food had no flavor, desserts were freezer burnt, and the only thing good was the McDonald's we had after we left this place disappointed!
Has morphed into a bar that belongs in Garfield...I hope it gets shut down....don't need this in a thriving residential neighborhood.  Sad that St James Place is gone and the Rusty Barrel joke is here....all kinds of trash visit this bar...stay away.
Must pay the bouncer $200 just to get in...\n\nThen you pay an additional $30/each at the cashier.\nGet in the club and it is packed - you can barely walk!\nVery small area compared to a club like XS @ Encore.
Service was a little slow.  Coffee not the best.  Great menu - plenty of choices. The food was fantastic.  Go for the Idaho Skillet.
I absolutely love the International terminal.  It's clean, spacious, and security moves quite fast.  I am usually used to the long, crazy lines at SFO, and this was a really great place to take an international flight.  The bonus are the slot machines while you wait!
Food isn't that great. Seemed very greasy and everything had a peanut taste to it.\n\nTasted like everything was cooked in the same pan, wasn't impressed.
1st time going there & I loved it! For $20- I got a sugar scrub and my shoulders massaged and an awesome pedi. Place is a little hidden in Frys plaza.
Pizza was not that good. Beer selection was weak at best. The vibe of the place was really bad compared to what it was just after being outside. Waitress even seemed depressed. Wont eat here again and definitely wouldn't go out of ny way to eat here...Good concept gone bad and poorly executed.
A few weeks ago I tried a massage from Katie. Heaven. Her pressure was gentle but effective. I had a swedish massage. I will definitely be asking for her again. Do yourself a favor, schedule now. Come to think of it, I think I'll do the same. Good idea. Thanks.
Usually I love this restaurant, however after eating crab cakes I was very sick and it ruined my evening. Not going back
I'm happy with the results. The rent comes in and costs seem to be well managed to date.
This place is great!!! Everytime I go there I have to take half the food home. The portions are generous, delicious and the service is exceptional. Our waitress was Kerry last time and she did a wonderful job.
Im a biscotti fan and Enrico's is legit. Great biscotti and friendly staff.\nAlmond anise was off the hook. Get some.
Pretty decent food but very dry.  \n\nBoth the gyro and falafel sandwich were small portioned but lacked any type of moisture.  Once I finish using my Groupons, I will not return though the person (owner) running the register was very pleasant.
I love the people that work there. They are not as good or have the selection of Layers, Freeds, maybe even  dainty cakes but what they do, they do well. They have some top notch cookies and gourmet-esque cup cake/muffins.
1 free penny margarita with check in with Yelp is pretty awesome, but the free drink was not enough for some in the group to gloss over the somewhat pricey options and mediocre food.
Pretty bummed, this place was awesome, I didn't have an issue with service when I went.  Food was out of this world delicious.  Not many gluten free and vegan places around, a loss.
Yep, best buys on used clothes here, often better made than new.
Food is good prices are cheep. The staff is so nice its scary. We just moved back to Phx after 20 years and Im happy to have found good food just a block from the house.
I love this place. A friend nearby invited and it's cozy.  Decorative, relaxed, piano playing and great tea all in one.
We had good service that's where it ended. Food was bland and pretty tasteless. Lobster rolls were more bread than lobster and then had no flavor. Todd's Tacos had no seasoning and a weird sauce that shouldn't be on Mexican food.  Would not go back.
it's the Best Pizza) thank you for delivery foods, your delivery is very fast, I like your menu, Pizza with chicken, broccoli, with ranch and mild sauce it's Deluxe, I advise everyone to try this FOOD!) thank you so much Pizza Potenza!
Love the coffee Melange along with all the tasty treats!  If your getting a breakfast sandwich ( egg whites, cheese and spinach - yummy) in the morning (7:30a - 8:30a) be prepared to wait up to 20 min. While its worth the wait if your running late for work get there early!
Nothing special..decent seating, good service, nothing extraordinary about the food. It tasted like any average Indian place, but I don't have high expectations from an Indian place in las vegas! \nWould I go there again? Yes
The food was INCREDABLE! Amazing in quality AND quantity! Definitely worth the money and time! We most certainly will be ordering from them again!!!
Typical Brazilian Steakhouse.  \n\nYou can go here or Fago, it's all the same.  Some people say that Fago tastes better because of the smokiness and/or the taste of the grill.  To me, it is all good.  Just don't spend too much time at the salad bar.
For a bar, the mixed drinks aren't so good. Stick with the beer. The food is so-so (we just ordered appetizers), but it's cheap. The chips and pico are good. My advice for those with a discerning pallet, go somewhere else.
Located near South Point Casino & Hotel.  I've had to stop in a few times to gas up.  Normally, I don't because their prices are higher than the competition.\n\nBest thing about this gas station is their location.
This is a lounge inside the Bellagio hotel.  It is a lounge.  Have you been to a lounge? There's some music playing, darker atmosphere, expensive drinks, people dressed up with tiny skirts and suits. \n\nThey have some tall tables and also bottle service.  Good luck with that.
Fantastic Vets! When I first got my baby, I had no clue where to go, but my friend raved about Dr. Jason Sulliban.  When he told me he was opening his own place, I had to follow.  The staff is absolutely wonderful.  I highly recommend them to anyone that has animals.
This location has closed as of Jan 1, 2013
Pretty average sushi.  If I had to pick a favorite, it would be the mesa roll.  Friendly and fast service...I think it might be family-owned and operated.  I wasn't blown out of the water, but the food is decent and ill probably be back!
very clean and modern rooms. excellent service. The Bellman came to pickup our luggage and belongings within five minutes of when the phone call was made. Really enjoyed the room and how clean it was.
Greg came right out and even alerted me 15 minutes before he got there.   The price was as quoted over the phone with no added fees.   I would definitely use them again.  Great experience.
Always fantastic service and great food. This is top of the list when we want Mexican.
Probably the worst cheesesteak I have ever had.  The meat was dry, full of gristle and lacking taste. The roll was tasteless as well and seemed as if it could have come from off a shelf at wal-mart.  There was so little cheese that I had to pick through the meat to find any. Avoid.
11 dollar glass of wine - wtf?\nreheated steak in my quesadilla - wtf?\n$1 charge for guac on my $10 quesadilla - wtf?\n\nthis place is garbage, but the bartender was nice...so one extra star for him!
I decided to give this place another try. It was a mistake. They were selling expired baked goods out of their fridge case. Service was average. My friend complained that her latte was all milk and no espresso and the bottom of her croissant was visibly burned.
Food was good and the service was great!\nMac n cheese and 2 I love bacon with egg and avocado.
The BEST Bagels in Montreal... you can't find them out of the city this good. Not your regular, new-york style - these are soooo much better! \n\nThe sesame is the best!
A vegetarians dream
Great food and ambience.  Excellent service too, except that we always seem to get the same waiter and he never remembers us.  Tuna tartare is exceptional.  Have not been disappointed after numerous meals at Honey Salt. Highly recommend.
The Food at Mama Ricotta's is very good!  The Pasta Entrees  are fresh and they have a wide variety of Dishes!!!!!!
Boop
I missed America West Airlines, all the good services went down once US Airways took over.  Meh, I think I'll pass.  The only reason I gave a 2-star is because this is still the hometown airline from Phoenix, but not for much longer.
Make sure to check out this place before you buy kiddie stuff full price. They got a big selection of items, from clothes, to shoes, baby gears, etc.
What more can I say I love this store and go as much as I can I wish I could live in one lol
Staff is excellent and knowledgable.  Flatbread was fantastic.  Very cute and great atmosphere.
I have to say I was surprised how good this place is everyone should try the fries so bomb so different.
Need no occasion, they make the day/night a special one! Absolute class from the minute your seated! Ambiance, staff and food were spectacular!  Angel our waitress was the best!!
Omg really loud ... Not good at all.. Extremely loud .. The host sat us right underneath the blasting speakers not cool..
The sandwich overall was not terrible. The bread on the other  hand was doughy and really flavorless. With the sandwich options out there, I think I'll continue going elsewhere.
This is a great laundromat! It was clean, the owner was actively keeping it clean. They owner was very friendly and helpful. The washers are newer and I feel like they actually got my clothes clean.\nThere is a starbucks nearby and you can get wifi from nearby businesses.
Great staff and burgers. You gotta get the double double, fries, and a black and white shake.
Good stuff and pretty cheap too!!!
Waited 20 minutes, apparently on fries. All tables that came in after got their food first, with fries. But at least we got our bill, yet again, before our food. At least 6 staff, manager included, just standing around. Left without food.
Here I discovered my skills in Mortal Kombat 3! And with dancing and drinks, me and my friends had a blast!!
Stopped in here to take a piss on my way to Commonplace Coffeehouse. Bathrooms were clean!!
Typical buffalo wild wing. A little bigger than normal . Got seated quickly only to have 5 servers walk past us. 3 of which sat and had a conversation what tables they had or didn't. We where the next table over. Waited about 8 minutes until walking out. Servers all seem to be more into talking to each other than working.
Good atmosphere, great service, small in size, selection is small also.
I would make that a negative star if I could.  Worst customer service Ever.. oh wait what customer service.  Noone even acknowledged that I was in this location everyone around me was being talked to but not 1 person said anything to me. Will never step foot in there again
They do NOT offer delivery.
Great show. From all Cirque Du Soleil's, this one is definitely the most colorful, fun & crazy. Saw it twice, loved it better at the second time.
I will be sure to drive farther next time to avoid going to this store. I love Best Buy but this location is no bueno!
Food... OK.  Ambiance... Lacking at best.  Service was good, but not enough to save me from going back.
Came for breakfast. The breakfast tacos with hollandaise are awesome!
I had the chicken rice noodle soup and it was good, so was the fried eggroll. My husband had the chicken curry soup, I didn't care for that very much. Their thai coffee was good. I would definitely go back.
Sometimes you just need to say ,\"eff the environment!\" and drive 25 miles for a delicious mocha.
I have been to this Taco Bell couple of times with my family. The staff is very friendly. Lot of veg verity is available for vegetarians.
Ordered to go, got the fried rice and beef and pork belly skewers. \n\nAnd maybe I ordered the wrong thing but the fried rice was very bland. The skewers we okay.\n\nJust not very flavorful. It was a miss for me.
Great band plays jazz & all the oldies. There are a few regulars that frequent the place.
BONELESS WING NIGHT....I think so!!!
blah boring boy clothes everything is really plan if you like gray sweat pants then this place is perfect, the only cute boy stuff is the jammies other then that not real cute stuff for boys. idk about girls stuff because I have boys.
5 and diner is not what it use to be. There place is becoming run down and getting dirtier an dirtier. The shakes use to be amazing but I'm guessing they changed ice creams or put more milk in to save costs because they are not what they use to be.
bad service, overpriced (by Vegas standards).  I left in the middle of the pedicure.  'nuff said.
Been there a few times... Each time we've gone, the food has been great!!!
Food was good until we saw a big cockroach on the kitchen counter. Then another on the floor. The guy in the booth next to us stepped on one.
Second home for my dogs... ;)
I love this place. Nice selection and it tastes homemade. The lunch buffet is outstanding. They also have a nice beer selection. This is my new go-to Indian restaurant!!!
In town visiting from MN looked up breakfast joints on Urban Spoon.  This place had a 94% rating.  Really friendly and our son thought attractive staff.  Really good fresh tasting food with ingredients purchased locally.  Highly recommend in great part of Phoenix.
Staff is not very friendly,  got our order wrong but replaced it with correct after arguing with me. \n2 stars are for good food once received and clean play area. \nCustomer service very poor! : (
This place is ridiculous. We had a group of 4 police a child and they said 10-20 minute. We waited 10 minute then the hostess said we can't seat any groups now. Why would they have told us this when we arrived???,,
This place is a little more pricey than most, which is fine if the product was exceptional, but I was not impressed. To me, the coffee tasted watered down. I did like the ambiance and there were no problems with the service.
My first time eating sushi. Decided to come here after i read such good reviews. Let me tell you, this place is a must try place! I highly recommend this to everyone. The service is excellent! No complaints at all. Expect me to come here very often
Great fresh and sustainable sushi. I had the Blue Fin tuna toro and it was just awsome. A lot of hockey players and celebrities rubbing shoulders if you are into those thinga.
Pizza was okay.  Fish and Chips was very good.  Server was helpful and friendly.  \n\nDownsides are the smell of smoke in the dining area.  And they have no dark beers,
Good food but it's Saturday night and they have ONE bottle of beer in the entire restaurant. The cashier was not friendly and made no attempt to ask the manager if there was more in the back.  As much as I like their food, my wife and I almost walked out because of the ( lack of) service.
My favorite restaurant during our trip to Montreal over Thanksgiving.  We went for brunch and highly recommend others do the same.  It's got a great, neighborhood-y vibe and was the only restaurant we visited that had a line (albeit one that moved fairly quickly).  You can tell that this is a place that locals love!
Dinner was good but I dials agree with automatic gratuity of a party of 5 and you run out if dessert in the morning I really was looking forward to the key lime pie!
This place is closed.  Go to Jenny's instead.  Awesome!!
Seated and forgotten on a Saturday night. Servers looking bored. How about, check you table? Jeez...
This place sucks ass.  My girlfriend and I got seated and apparently they forgot about us as we sat for 15mins without an inquiry about the water. \nWe left and I started this Yelp. \nStay away!
In love with this place. Food was delicious and service was above and beyond expectation.
Rude staff. Forced to pay them to package a box they shipped me themselves. Greed at its worst. Stay far away from these problem people.
The buffet was wonderful! Tons of selection to choose from and everything was very tasty. The price is very reasonable and the waiters and waitresses were very friendly.\n\nThe tikki masala was my favorite and the dessert variety was great! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Phoenix!
Came here for the first time w/my family Bcus it's nearby and we wanted to try it out Bcus of all the great reviews n tips. I think we just found a awesome new spot. Food came out really fast. Service was amazing .I recommend this place to everyone
First place to treat gluten free like its not a bad thing. Manager gave my gluten free son a milkshake instead of a cookie. Freakin amazing he did that when he did not have to. This is now a spot to eat for a long period to come.
Two center cut filets, arctic char (split) and cold perrier with lime.  The steaks were cooked perfectly.  The char has been better, but it was still exceptional and the spicy corn and baked potato (with everything but the bacon) was awesome!  Service was prompt and considerate - always love it here!
Closed... GONE UNDER, OUTTA HERE.. See ya later, bye bye..
Love Whataburger but very slow and poor service at this location. No ketchup, no straws, no salad dressing. Poor, poor, poor attention to detail and service.
Over rated, over priced and over hyped!
Second time to The Joint office but first time to the one here in Vegas. Our chiropractor was Dr Jordon Miyamoto and she was great!! Very strong but not too rough.
Came in at lunchtime, first thing very noisy! Margarita was good if you want tacos go to filobertos . Enjoyed the carne asada lunch bit was lacking that certain something overall good service food was good but not fantastic
Always a great place for healthy choices.
An italian place that can not seat a family of 10 what a joke!
Went last weekend and was hoping for a little bit more. Maybe as the season continues, there will be more food products to choose from. I will continue to go and will bring my dog the next time. I encourage Gilbert residents to support this and help it grow into a big success we can all enjoy.
Love the food and service here. at least once or twice a week myself and my employees eat here. they even know what our favorite foods are. keep up the good cooking and you will always have my business
Has nothing to do with Detroit.  Don't waste your time.  Did I not like this place
Good deals considering they are going out of business. Everything in the store is on sale. The layout is kind of odd, but they have anything from clothing, to electronics, to mattresses. Worth checking out before they actually close.
it is just OK.  Lush is expensive and has a differnt ordering platform, I am not sure if I like that.  The sweet potato fries are good, and the Burgers are good.  I guess I was just hoping a little bit more from this ultra modern burger joint.
Service was great! Staff was very polite and we were seen right away. My daughter seen Dr. Hill who was very kind and made her laugh. Would recommend.
Enjoyed the pizza and service was good. Would go again forsure.
Hurricane is  a must and big joe is amazing!! Staff is very pleasant too great ambiance overall
Offers great flavors and toppings.  Nice atmosphere and very CLEAN!  We enjoy our trips to Kokomo!
This may be the smallest AJs in Scottsdale and they appear to have the most limited selection. Their food is more fresh and well maintained than the store on Thompson Peak and that is a definite plus!  The staff are also much more helpful but the Fryes in this area is a better store.
I'm not surprised it closed. My sweetheart and I walked in, we were seated and we were waiting 15 minutes for our drinks (coke and iced tea) before we decided to walk out. It's ashamed becasue we had heard the food was good.
Waited an hour to be seated while there were tons of empty seats open.\n\nFood was horrible \n\nOnly good thing was pizza and omelets.\nNever again
Very disappointing, bland food, burnt pizza crust. Only reason we didn't walk out was the lovely food server Vagana. Will not go again, the end of a family tradition. Time to pick a new italian restaurant for next year.
This is the restaurant my family goes to after Diamondbacks games. Really yummy, creative pizzas. Open late too.
This is the place the locals go. The staff has been there forever. The wings are good and beer is cheap. What else do you need? TVs for the game? They have those too!
Tried to over charge us for dental work that is not necessary! Beware of this if you go there. Nice staff but after a second opinion, our child does not need $1800 worth of dental work. It may be worth getting a second opinion.
Personally I've had some of my bestest meals here and they have/had this awesome table wine that was cheap yet probably the best pinot gris ever.  Despite it being a smallish establishment, I found it to be warm and welcome, tasty all around.\r\n\r\nTimes visited: 1
Spent a fun evening hanging out in The Living Room enjoying some Ole' American Mules before heading upstairs to check out the rooftop bar.  Loved the laid back lounge.  Upstairs was a lot of fun too-great dj and fun crowd.  Will go back when it's not 150 degrees outside!
the food was just ok.  The one in LA is much better.  If you like to people watch and listen to LOUD music, you'd wanna sit outside.\n\nIt's pretty amusing seeing drunk people dance (most got not rhythm) @2 pm while being sober and talking over bon jovi songs!
Always have my order wrong. I hate that!!!
They had really great pizza! It was also big enough for 2 to share
Prices aren't bad and the lunch special was great.  Decent falafel pita with fries.  You must try the Greek dries as well, smothered in feta!  Yum!
After stuffing yourself at Big Wong, this is a good place to come to. Dessert is always good after any meal and what they have here is tasty.\n\nThat plus the cheerful smiles from the staff (unlike Big Wong) is a nice way to cap off the evening.
Absolutely the best food, service and presentation I have ever experienced!   I live on the East Coast, travel weekly and experienced many restaurants across this country.  The Mission tops them all in every way.   Hope to return to Phoenix very soon.
Park in valet behind it take elevator straight up to the restaurant. BEST fried zucchini and lemon aioli anywhere ( this is truly why I come here !!) .
These guys are great--knowledgeable, fast, honest, fair, and fun, to boot. I'm so happy to have found them, to be free of Mr. Vac-N-Sew, where I always felt like I was being conned.
This place is amazing! I had the best BBQ ever....the ribs were do tender, the brisket melted in my mouth and the Mac n cheese was so good too! Highly recommend this place. The staff were attentive and Donny, the manager,  really cared that we were happy.
I had dinner here yesterday while passing through Cambridge and I was pleasantly surprised! Great variety of meat and veg dishes. Great nan, and a dedicated fruit station!\nWonderful value, I am still full today.
Great pizza, super fast delivery, and great prices!!! We changed the veggie pizza yummy.
Endroit super cool pour  se retrouver entre amis apr\u00e8s une journ\u00e9e  de travail! Bonne bouffe bonne bi\u00e8re!
I really enjoyed the tamales and enchilada's at the Steamed Tamale. I think they have a great idea of taking a tamale dinner home in their \"Tamale Tote\" tamales, rice and beans.
So noisy we could not have a conversation.   Asked to be moved.   There was a table available but not for us.   No accommodation made.  We left.  Won't return.
The food was pretty good. The service was iffy. I waited thirty minutes for a dessert and their twelve dollar mimosas were a rip, barely had any booze. Probably wouldn't return, only went because we were staying at Palms Place.
Great place to go for some amazing food and a huge craft beer selection. I have been multiple times and I am never disappointed. They have great pizzas, sandwiches, burgers and a really nice atmosphere.
Seriously. Dumbest human beings alive. They could not comprehend anything about taking, putting together and serving anything. If I could give them negative stars I would.\n\nBojangles HQ needs to seriously re-train and re-staff this location.
The staff is friendly, fast and efficient.  The food is fresh and made to order.  They often run specials sent via text so join the CAPS104.
Loved the blistered skin of the dogs from the charbroiling that they do right in front of you.  Well worth the wait.
Best big show we saw in Vegas. Amazingly beautiful and fun to watch. Go! We Summer of Cirque tickets and they were a great value. The only downside is that I think all other Cirque shows will now pale in comparison.
I usually wouldn't make fun of retards but the people this place hires are total retards . Have no idea what they are doing. Run out of buns for sandwiches ? Really ? Total shit hole I can't wait til  this place disappears again.
Great service. Lemon drop was amazing. Food was ok. Price was too high.
Area could use a little clean up and establishment may want to hire an extra set of hands as the lines have been long recently but not nearly as bad as the one at Gilbert and Queen Creek.
1/2 priced appetizers at happy hour. The food had no flavor, the food is actually worse than a Chevys. The ambiance reminded me of a Chevys. The portions, however, are really large.... Large and bland.
The best thing about the Vegas airport is its location. So close to the strip.\n\nOther than that, not much to like. They have slots if you are into that. The carpets are old and the airport in general has a musky smell, maybe from the days where smoking was allowed.
Liz has worked on me for over ten years and with her almost 30 years experience, she knows what she is doing. It is always a great massage and the reflexology will relax you so much, you will fall asleep.
What a great meal. Loved the authentic dress of the wait staff. Very friendly and the food was amazing!
This place is horrible! Small portions and the service is terrible. The food definitely lacked some flavor, I would not suggest this to anyone.
This pizza place is incredible. It has a wonderful atmosphere, out of this world good pizzas, and delicious pasta. If you can ever get their squash pasta dish, DO. It gets crowded; arrive early or come late. Order wine--they have a great selection.
I found Dr. Ozaki because I was having very bad toothaches. I was able to setup an appointment fast and easy. No wait time when I got there. He fixed the tooth that was hurting me fast. I couldn't ask for more
Any place that offers me a cold beverage while I shop gets extra points.  I like the fact that they have a selection of clothes and jewelry that is different than your average store.
Yummy spot for lunch in Scottsdale.  We were looking for something cheap and small for lunch while strolling Old Town.  They have a great taco selection for a bar and everything tasted delicious.  Prices were fine, and you could also order tacos ala carte.
I've only been here once and unfortunately I had a bad experience after bringing my Maltese there. She came home and was not her usual self for about 4 days. She kept licking her butt and going to the corner like she was scared. I believe they cut her too close to her butt.
I learned a lot. The instructor was very detailed with a huge emphasis on safety.
A fun place to just hang out with friends.  Great cheesy fries. They also have a great selection of chicken wing sauces.
Good Chicken club, fries were hot... just couldnt understand person on intercom clearly..over all it was OK
I used to love this place, but cleanliness is the problem. I got a hair in my fried rice, and for that i am not going back. Need to find another tasty chinese place.
I would suppose they are good at what they do, but I find it to be bland. I did not care for it at all, I also did not like the flavor of the noodles. The tea was good though.
HaHA.  Well, do you want to be transported to bad memories of 1980's architecture?  It's dank, oppressive and from what I saw the rooms are depressing.  The slots are loose from what I've been told on the up side.  Just find the exit in time.
It was good, I would go back, but not doing cartwheels over it. Can't really go wrong with what u order unless you're a picky eater. The staff could be a bit more descriptive about the flavors, taste and what the hell you're eating.
First time awesome.  Second time two weeks later not so good. Out of wine and changed the short ribs in a bad way.  We will go to grass roots next time.  Bummer had high hopes.
Stay as far away from these guys as possible. Never showed for auto glass appointment. Would not return calls. When I did talk with their dispatcher I know it was after lunch but he didn't have to belch over the phone. I'm amazed they're in business.
I was displeased with the quality of the food. The lentil soup was unusual tasting, the hummus, babaganoush, grape leaves and spinach pie were mediocre in taste. The prices are very cheap. The mango juice was very good though
My husband and I went sometime in the afternoon on a Monday. A couple ducks and koi fish. I didn't even see any flamingo.
A bit sweeter, a bit smaller and a bit denser, but with tons more character than many bagels I've had in Boston and NYC. I had a lox on sesame as well as a plain sesame later as a snack. Both were well worth the trek to Fairmount.
The food here is not bad I would give it three and half to four star on the food. The service however is horrible probably one star. I still eat here quite a bit because I play at Caesars. Some of my favorite is the duck shredded noodle soup and the Shanghai steamed dumplings.
They never looked into the matter and never contacted me....HORRIBLE COMPANY!! GO ELSEWHERE!
Not bad.. Really clean. Great desserts. Liked it over most buffets in Vegas.
Don't go here right when they open they seem to have an attitude that they have to make pizza. At least everyone that came in got the same great treatment.
My family always has fun when we come here, pizza is ok, appetizers are better and desert is good! The entertainment is always fantastic, the downside...cash only
This store really needs to work on customer service.  I have been there a few times and the employees are just rude.
The noodle was ok, not the best noodles I had, but the xiao long bao was pretty tasty..
Fantastic high quality fish and preparation. They're moving locations as of October 2014. Stay tuned for the new location.
Best Canneloni I have ever eaten.  It's so good it can get you past the garish decorating.
Used to be a great place when Harry was bartending... happy hour changed and is no longer one of the best... the sushi portions are the only reason I even go anymore.
A great find. Gumbo and smoked wings are excellent. Perfectly seasoned. Mac and cheese is creamy and tasty. Gourmet cajun food, how can you go wrong?
Staff is extremely rude and unprofessional.  I have had better service at McDonald's.
Cliff was prompt and professional.  His prices were very reasonable.  I never thought my grout could be this clean again!  I had other companies quote me 2x what his rates were.  I will use Certified specialists again and would definitely recommend them to friends and family!  Thanks Cliff!
Very good food but lacks consitancy. The food is either amazing or great but recently saw chicken being microwaved and served.
Everything looked great, but the execution lacked.  I think it may come down to having too much water in the cheese. Despite the pizza's bottom being perfectly blackened, our pizzas were both sloppy messes that could not even be picked up without falling apart.
Refused to accommodate a food allergy, which simply would have involved using rice without shitlantro in it.\n\nDefinitely will not waste my time coming here again, when Chipotle is just up the street, and is willing to accommodate an easy request.
The smell of freshly baked goods fill your nostrils the second upon arrival. My pick for the best items here were \n1. Egg Pizza \n2. Red Velvet Bagel\n3. PB&J Brioche\n4. Utah Peach Tart.\nThis is definitely my new go to breakfast spot.
This place is never open. We have been there 4 times in the past 2 weeks and it's never open. Go to Cafe Rio.
Ordered a pizza to go very light on toppings and sauce asked to reorder said no not very good customer service
I can never find someone for assistance when I need them & there has to be 50+ day laborers in the parking lot running down every person leaving the store. I avoid this place at all cost.
I ordered the Carne Asada Street Tacos and my boyfriend ordered the Mac n Cheese Bacon burger. Both dishes were delicious. The Quad Fries had awesome seasoning. Our server was friendly and, since we are tourists, she was helpful in answering our questions about the Strip. Overall: WORTH IT.
Nice remodel but something happened to the service.... Forgot my lunch , husbands lunch cold and never asked for refills of chips, salsa or drinks! What's up guys??? Hopefully it's not starting a trend for this restaurant
Stopped in for a change of pace. Saw the opportunity to enjoy a nice hot bowl of pho   Glad I did. The yelp reviews were right in line.
Sometimes service is slow. It depends who if working. If it's a slow person  who shows no interest that people are in a hurry,  get ready for a wait.
I came here during the mid week in march...had a modern layout and wasnt too packed during the week.  alcohol service was good while playing.  good variety of shops.  will come to again next trip and check it out during a weekend.
This location is terrible. They did nothing but screw up multiple cars of mine. Now it's two years later, and the compressor they broke and replaced is broken again. \n\nDO NOT GO THERE!
San Francisco newspaper recommended Sugar Bowl. The workers were rude, the selection of ice cream was minimal and the ice cream quality itself was more water than cream. Worst ice cream I've had in a long time .
This att is always clean but the employees are Not that knowledgeable, and will make up anythinh as they go.
My boyfriend and I really enjoyed this place, I ordered salmon sashimi (the best that I've tasted) a few other rolls and my boyfriend ordered the Uni which he swears by...it is good quality fish and the views of the strip are awesome!
The quality of this bread defies description.  From texture to crust, to complexity of grains, it is the best bread I've ever eaten anywhere on this planet.  Thank you Noble Bread, for making bread your passion and sharing it with the rest of us.  I buy mine at the Saturday morning farmer's market on Central and Northern.
This is a great place to stay off-strip for non-gamblers.  The rooms are very nice.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  It is close to the team for easy access to the strip.
Found this place on Yelp with a ton a of great reviews! I was not disappointed. The service we had was just as amazing as the food. I also enjoyed the decor, old Italian mafia feeling...great place 5 stars! Brad was our server and he KICKED ASS. Ask for him. Cheers!
There are better car insurance companies.  I had Geico for a long time, but when you need them, they don't care about you at all.  Too big a company, and uncaring.
We ordered coconut soup, Pad Thai and steamed rice. We were disappointed with the quality. The coconut soup was okay. The Pad Thai is probably the worst I have had. It was overly spicy and oily.
It comparison to Starbucks Frappacino... crap! horribly sweet and just frothy not slushy!
I found a great new spot in Vegas right on the strip.  The ambiance transports you to Paris and the food and wine were great as well as the service.
The chicken strip, fries and coleslaw were ok. I did like the sweet tea and the people working there were super friendly. They really seemed to care about their customers. I would go back just because of that.
I must say first, very quick and friendly service.  The problem with this pizza joint, is the pizza.  It was a thicker dough stingy amount of sauce and the small amount of cheese was burnt making it a hard plastic layer that covered the pizza.  I wish I could keep supporting them but just a lousy product.
I want these rooms for my next home. The black lining on the edges is something I saw a while back in Domino magazine. I spent most of my time gambling here, i felt it was the most spacious and therefore enjoyable. I dont like crowded smoke places.\nWe had dinner at Sinatra and that place needs work.
I didn't quite understand.\n\nA little creepy with the music and statue ladies.\n\nBut amazing costumes and makeup, nonetheless. The tree lady was a trip.\n\nFrankly, I got a little bored and wandered over to a casino war table.\n\nPics uploaded.
Right down the street.  I needed a fast battery for my car and they were quick and friendly.  Great job.
Stale donuts after 4 pm. This is the third time we have gone to this location after 4 pm. Happy a new location south of this one has opened on Tatum and G'way. The least the owner can do is offer donuts at half price after a particular time. Last time for this customer.
In today's paper, it says this place got a failing health dept. inspection.
Second time at this location and still impressed. It might not be five star good, but the service, consistency, and quality give it the five star rating. As solid bar food goes, this is the best in the east valley. Worth a try for a local bar/grill.
pool tables, darts,and cheap pitchers and a super cute Malinda... PT's is a great great time =] Not to expensive, great atmosphere, and an awesome lounging area ... I love me some PT's.
Got the tour from guide Alan.  What a great tour he gave!  Really enjoyed it.  We had a pitcher of the blonde dopplebock which was terrific too.  Nice place, a little older than some of the older breweries in Madison area but it certainly had character.  Would definitely return for the patio in the warmer months!
My Sister was ROOFIED here! The owner REFUSED to  check the surveillance cameras!  Go at your own risk! NEVER leave your drinks unattended.
Why would I want to join a club that doesn't offer me their wifi password, and in fact, charges for it?  I would not, and I won't be back. Seriously, get with the new millennium.
The food was very good and tasty. Portions were big and priced reasonably.
Thank goodness this meal was paid for with the expense account because it was basically a sit down Panda Express with fancy cocktails. \n\nYou know that taste you get in your mouth when you've eaten too much sweets... yeah, expect to get that after dinner here.
WORST COMPANY EVER!!!!!! \n\nso many hidden fees! Worst customer service ever! Buy your own water. Better yet, purchase a filter. Do not waste your time or MONEY!
Vegas Gets Lucky.. Some of the Best Food in town, Try the Burger w/ slaw
Best chips and salsa in the wide world and delicious hand-tossed margaritas. The staff is incredibly friendly, and the atmosphere is impressive. Do yourself a favor and order the Creamy Chipotle Chicken. You're welcome.
the apple pancake was too large for 1 person - i guesstimate that it's for 3 people.   Not for a loner and it's a little pricey.  Should have gotten the pancakes.
We went here for a couple beers while in town for a concert. We ordered mozarella sticks and they arrived before we even had our first drink. The service was extremely slow and I don't care for half naked women. Maybe that is just me . . . .
I thought I'd deviate from the normal visit of In & Out Burger. The food is nothing to rave about. The burger was the typical burger and I was impressed with the smash fries.
Lost its Pizazz. Long lines not worth the wait. Save yr time. Go somewhere else. Food overcooked in the warmers.
I don't get the bad reviews.  We had a pleasant experience.  We had to wait 15 mins to get our food but then we got it hot off the grill.  The food was tasty, the portions were generous.  Considering every plate was under $10, you get what you pay for.
Overhyped. One of the worst gyros I've ever had.
If someone is wearing an item of ed hardy clothing, it means that person is nothing more then human garbage.
Cute place, friendly staff and food was good. Very expensive. 10.00 for only 2 pieces of French toast and 2.95 for a cup of plain black coffee.
Great food trip back to Chicago!  Prices a bit higher than Chi-Town though.  And please get to work on the housekeeping in the seating area--a bit messy and not the most pleasant eating environment.
Absolutely delicious! The only downside was they ran out of some of the menu items, but what they had was great! The service was terrific and he was very helpful in making decisions between menu items. This is a great place for special occasions and romantic dinners!
At the restaurant now and it had taken 45 min and our food still isn't out. All for burgers, it's way to slow and the service is mediocre. Overpriced and not worth the wait.
Took 30 minutes for a beer however burger was excellent!  Staff was very friendly and apologized for the delayed beer and was very good about recovering from the mishap.
What a fun brunch! Perhaps a bit pricey but still tasty. The patio is a fun hang out spot. Fish tacos were yummy!
Super fun, was relieved there were no cheesy tour guides, total freedom to wander around and pose with the figures.  Went to the after 6pm special and it made it worth the price, would have been disappointing if I had paid $30.  The new superhero show was my favorite part.  Most of the Figurines looked real.
Sorry... This restaurant is closed but Dave ' s Original Burgers has taken its place.
I love pams!
Great products, in addition to a steadily rolling stock of oils from everywhere in the world, they also have very nice balsamic vinegar.\n\nBut best of all is the service, very friendly and very knowledgeable. The eerily precise taste descriptions given prior to sampling the oils are what made me a repeat customer!
Pretty cool place for dancing. The bartenders are quick and very professional, they can make you any cocktail you can only imagine. Like the patio area with Paris view. Had an amazing time with my girlfriend.
First timer! Food was perfect and our server (Zach)  was friendly, on point, knowledgeable and patient. Thanks for a great experience, I will be back!
We just left US Egg first lost our ticket, then served cold food Management never apologized and refused to comp a meal. Management comped our coffee which was funny as we had the cup of free coffee from outside!
Since you are at the airport, of course you expect it to be expensive.  I got the chicken parm which was not bad.  My stomach did not feel all that great during the flight so maybe it wasn't that good.  I think i will just stick to McD's when at the airport.
Last night was my first time to the garage.  The food was decent.  The service was just horrendous.  On a Saturday night the place was completely understaffed, our waitress  even forgot part of our order.  The music was very loud inside, the atmosphere was just plain disappointing.
Love the pizza here!! Super fresh and authentic.  The atmosphere is also very modern yet quaint.  Delicious!  Delicious!  Delicious!  Gourmet pizza.
Our food was great and the dirty martini I had was even better!  I loved the cool decor and the friendly atmosphere.  I am definitely going to make this a \"to do\" on my happy hour list.
Continue to be horrible. Now I ordered carpet, they input the wrong one, when I communicate this they tell me the carpet I ordered 12/24 is no longer carried! This store is a train wreck.
One of the best indian food preparations in Phoenix/Tempe area
They don't speak english very well. The chicken was very dry service sucked rude and unfriendly. chicken was tinny looked like they were on a diet.
Really fantastic crepes.
Great experience atmosphere  , their house special burger was good , messy but good.  Your wife has to like and be able to eat at \"dives\" in order to take her to enjoy it with you, but if she is good with them then go & you will have a great time .
Good place especially for groups.  Pretty solid sushi and although it's in a strip mall, I actually prefer it since the prices are reasonable and it's nice and low key.
First of all, I booked 2 rooms with a view 2 months ahead. I ended up with two pet stayed rooms with no view. Room was still dirty from the last visitor. Do not recommend staying at rio because of bad customer service. Will not stay here again.
90 minutes for a scheduled oil change and counting.  The Fiat is a lot of fun but this place is just so poorly organized I would not do it again.
This place is hit or miss, both in terms of service and food quality.  The last two times I ate here it was more miss than hit.  The waitress messed up several orders and the fish was overcooked my last time there.
Definitely a fan! Live in the neighborhood and appreciate the atmosphere, the food and the coffee. Great meeting spot for friends or casual business meetings. The staff are always friendly and upbeat.
Super slow service.  Make sure you don't get the ques and get the burros instead.  We waited for over 30 mins for the food and they messed up one order.  That's a long time for mexican food.
Yummy!! I got the kimchee fried rice and the bulgogi flautas. Both were very good. I'd def come again. Wish they had a location on the south side of town.
Amazing bar with an amazing selection! If vodka is your drink, then this is the place. Very classy- beautiful location and hotel.
This is your typical radio shack. The employees are nice and respectful but they don't have a clue what they are doing. Definaltly do your research on line before heading in for your item. They seem to always have to look up what I'm looking for.
A nice walk through books that always turn out cheaper online. Despite they have some good deals, I always end up buying my books online or in Changing hands. It is nice to take a coffee and just look around. Anyway, it seems they are about to close as they are on sale after sale...too bad bookstores closing more often!
We'll my review is only based on the fact that nobody came to our table to wait on us. After 10 minutes of sitting there with nobody  paying attention to us, we got up and left.
I always come here to get my oil change. friendly staff and free car wash!
DO NOT EAT HERE! I ate a chili dog last Thursday and I have been having the worst diarrhea for days. I'm writing this as I'm sitting on the pot and haven't been able to leave. What a shitty way to spend the days!!!!
My favorite mexican restaturant on the strip. I've been there three times over the past two months. I love the ambiance, beer selection, salsa, and four cheese enchilatas. It's a fun place with good people watching. Highly recommend.
Friendly service, great atmosphere, excellent coffee (they have their own house blend of a local coffeemaker) and phenomenal food!!!
Service was incredible (Alfonso was our server) and the overall food quality was good. Sushi selection was quite disappointing--especially when you are paying around $35 a person for dinner (even the kids). The kids weren't impressed with the selections offered and subsequently didn't eat too much--including the desserts offered.
Every time I visit vegas I eat at satay.from the minute you enter the restaurant you have a great experience. The decor and cleanliness stand out. I always enjoy a couple different meat dishes and their wonderful fried rice. This place has been consistent for years:)
Mike R in the service department is an all star, he has taken great care of me and my 535i.  My suggestion to management would be give Mike a raise, he is the reason I will buy my next bimmer from Chandler BMW
Great short course; in great shape which makes it a lot of fun; friendly staff.
Sadly disappointing. The men are horrible dancers and for the sub par performance you could at least give the poor girls what they came to see...more skin, sans the white running shoes.
Good tiny burgers. Good spicy tuna. \nExcessively expensive. Service ok. Loud. Smells like casino.
I went in there today to get a few gardening supplies. I didn't know exactly what would be right for my specific situation, but a very nice employee helped me with everything. Awesome here.
They said everything is vegan now.\nI had roast pork and bbq beef. The pork was great. It was difficult to find the place. It's on the second floor on top of an Asian supermarket. \nThe bbq beef was alright. It was just an appetizer. Still pretty good.
Everything was great! i couldn't believe they had roasted bone marrow you can't find that in any buffet. I would of given it five stars if they had oysters and crab legs. Overall i will definitely be returning back to the wicked spoon.
The food here it's really good and I've of the good thing that I like about this place is it close to both stadiums.
In walking distance to my castle, and I love a good sushi.  The sushi was average at best.  I would go back to try the hot menu, but not just for sushi.  It was a random Thursday night around 7PM and it was pleasantly not crowded but the service confused and the atmosphere was just disoriented.
Tons of flavors and always busy... Don't let the line hold you back from going it moves fast . There are tons of topping from fresh fruit , candy bars , cereal etc and most yoghurt flavors are less than 110 calories for 4oz. Get the rewards card for free ;) open late nightly!
Without a doubt, one of the worst dining experiences of my life.  Other reviews must have been written in the twilight zone.  Lackluster wine list over cooked veal rubber gnocchi best part of the dinner was the cab ride home.  How do you say garbage in French?   Vertige
Great Ambience, Decent Service, Overpriced Fake Italian Food.
mediocre sushi
Reiss Properties is one of the most unprofessional property management companies I have ever dealt with. They are shady group and have horrible customer service.
They are awesome! The best HI bbq I have ever eaten... You have to experience for yourself
Closing down for several months to add a kfc to a taco bell that is doing a perfectly fine business and then revising your hours so that you are not open as late doesn't impress me.
Amazing. I've been in love ever since the first day I came in 2012, and I've been a regular ever since!
Some of the best food i've had!  Amazing pasta dishes and the steak we had was cooked perfectly.  The staff was very knowledgeable and quick!  Atmosphere was peaceful and refreshing.  I bring every visitor I have here for an awesome dinner experience!
Decadent thai food in perhaps too substantial portions at an affordable price in an ultra convenient location. Dine in the off hours and you may even have the restaurant all to yourself.
They have a take out deli inside, somehow all the food they have doesn't look appetizing except BBQ pork, $7.99/lb. A little pricey but I bought some, it was pretty good.
it was ok. no different than the rest. the counter girl wasn't to excited about being their. informed me of all of her troubles today. but, she was helpful in assisting me so can't complain too much.....
fusion yummy. good tasting food. not sure if i went on a busy night or if they were short-staff'ed. a bit slow on the service, but oh well, yummy food.
It's ok. A lot more spacious than the one in NYC.  It's just too expensive for not a lot of desert/food. You might as well get your money's worth inside the forum shops at max brenners
Best selection of wine at the Container Park!\n\nThe paninis are creative and delicious - so hard to choose which one to try first so I can't wait to go back.  If you go to the Container Park, do not miss this spot!
The location is great, right by I-17.  However it could get loud, especially during rush hours.  If you are paying cash, you can just use your card outside at the pump.  But if you are paying with debit, then you'll need to go into the store to pay for it, kinda odd.
The customshop is a fail unless you love hollandaise sauce. If not, you should stay at home. Looking at the menu you wonder if maybe hollandaise was on sale or it was the chefs best dish in culinary school. I thought the grits would be safe but no they came covered in hollandaise sauce.
These guys made buying a car a pleasant experience. Prices were great,  didn't need to haggle. Brian was awesome
This place is super cheap and super yummy.  I have liked everything I have ordered here- really love the tofu dishes- EXCEPT the dessert.  Yuck!  Don't even attempt it.
At first I was a little worried the place would be tacky and not bear much in common with the place that has the real Eiffel Tower.  Wrong again.  Good food, good service and good setting.  Forget the water show put on for free by the Bellagio.  Go for the food.
Good bar food.  Nothing too fancy,  but delicious food.  Great beer selection with a nice little outdoor patio.
Food was good. Service slow. Children screaming and pulling on curtains was distracting when trying to enjoy a nice meal. Would like to see management address parents to control their kids before it ruins the experience of other patrons. This has happened twice now!
Real good food.worth. the price.
First. Nick our server was fantastic. His recommendation on out spicy pad Thai was fantastic. He's awesome. Our sushi rocked it out. Love the vibe in this place.
How this place survived amidst all of the strip mall Rocky Rococco's and Chilli's, one will never know. An excellent west side stop, especially if you work over there. Definitely a fun place to be a regular. Typical bar fare, but not too shabby.
Went to Bond bar and lounge and the bartender that looked like Pitbull wouldn't serve my cousin because he had an international ID. Wow I didn't know that TSA ran the cosmopolitan. This place discriminates go to Hyde instead.
Please be careful here... They scratched my car and I thought the interior cleaning was poor. They seem to rush the car wash process. I'd look somewhere else.
took my 2 sons to eat after getting hair cut. boys sai pizza was best they have ever.
decent prices, but scheduling is a nightmare and billing between the two offices is unorganized.  They do not give a courtesy reminder phone call, even though your appointments are at least 6-8 weeks apart.
I was hoping for more. It wasn't bad by any stretch... Just not what I was hoping for. Probably won't bother going back with so many other options in the area.
Good food- weren't very accommodating to my mother who can't eat certain vegetables. They seemed to be frustrated when they had to start the salad over- work on your employees attitude.
Cheap, good Mexican- great if that's what you're craving! Chips/salsa and guac somewhat addicting. Great little spot!
Great ambience and the drinks are mixed well.  Def apart of the artsy side of dirty Vegas but I can still enjoy it and have a good time myself.  Prices are okay but if you can respect a mixologist you can look past it
The food was delicious, service was great! The lamb chops were especially very good!
Go for breakfast, they have very good pancakes and omlet. Never very go their for lunch.
I do not recommend this spa! I got a groupon, which is why I went. It's small, not very clean, and not worth it. I was very disappointed. It feels more like a gym locker room. Go to another spa!
Nothing stands out at this pub eatery. I went there for a chamber lunch twice and both times the meals was subpar and very small portions.
I used to frequent petco/petsmart but this is absolutely the best pet store in Las Vegas/Henderson area. I wont go anywhere else as long as I live in Vegas. High quality products and customer service. Our pets are healthier and happier after finding paw prints!  Highly recommend at least checking it out!
The food is decent... Chicken is a little over done. However the service was horrible. It took 30 min to get my food and I was the only person waiting. Do not recommend it.
closed as of may 2013.
Amazing omelet!
Pita Jungle is one of my FAVORITE places to eat in Ahwatukee! Great food, servers are always fun - super close location! Awesome!!!
The quality of the food and the yumminess were right on point. However, the service was super slow and the gyros were really lacking on the meat portions. Unfortunately they drop from 5 stars to 3 for me.
I really love this mall and I live a couple blocks away. It's so easy to get in and out of and they have great stores finally a H&M which my daughter loves
words can not do this amazing establishment justice you have to experience this wonderful mix of high energy atmosphere and top of the line cuisine as they are merged together for a ONE OF A KIND dinning experience.. Located in the heart of the most exquisite hotel on the strip in the #Bellagio
Good car wash, but always trying to upsell, can get annoying.
ummm i wish they had more classes for the beginner...\n\nthis dance studio is very clean and great instructors.\nbut i just don't like atmosphere in this studio.\ni would prefer they are more friendly...
Very friendly, good prices, delicious bagels. Nick was incredibly friendly and made our visit exceptional.
Terrible service and empty pans. We have been to this location three times and every time they have empty pans and are understaffed. Never have the apologized for the long wait.  I will not return to this location.. I will stick to the one on Estrella.
I had the burger I must say it was very tasty the fries are thin and were perfect as well. The Cesar salad I had was just ok.\nI will be eating here again my next visit to Vegas. I give the staff five stars quick & friendly.
VIP nails are the best ! Q and his team of nail techs are professional and personal .. Highly recommend this salon .. Two thumbs up
These girls are hardworking, \"dependable\" and enthusiastic about their work!\nI'm going to recommend them any time I get the opportunity!
Love love love this nice little local breakfast chain.  The eggs benedict -all varieties - are delicious.   I love the vegan french toast.  Yum.  Coffee is good with plenty of sweetener and lightener options.  Nice pet friendly patios and friendly staffs.
Today my wife and I were completely ignored. Awesome business model.
This place is heaven for expecting moms, but hell on their wallets! I was just getting ideas during this trip, but could see my bank account dwindling in my future. They have a great selection of everything you could need as an expectant mom. I wasn't aware they when sell maternity clothes too now!
Dr Josh is THE BEST!! Not just the best in Vegas but the best on the West Coast, I just wish I could fly Josh with me everywhere. Josh will also travel to you! What more could you ask for, he's also a great genuine guy to boot. Highly recommended!!
Awesome. Absolutely the best all you can Sushi. Quality.. Perfect!!!
Slow service.
Worst burger I've ever had to pay for! No seasoning on this very very dry burger and was also poorly constructed. 30+ dollars for two hamburgers and ala carte potato salad. Worst lunch in south hills.
This is the best soda fountain I've ever had, AND I must say your boutique is to die for.  Every meal, every shake, every salad, are wonderful, AND your staff, the family, are warm and friendly, and have made me feel at home.
Great selection of wines and tapas. I love their outdoor seating, it started raining when we were there, it felt like you're on an island. Not really a good place to eat if you're really hungry, but great if you're looking for a quiet hang out and a light meal.
Love this place.  Try the red velvet pancakes-they are awesome.  Great omelets too. Service is prompt and courteous
Decent food for the hours I've ended up at Denny's.
This place is awesome!  The service was perfect and the food was phenominal!  I also like that the manager came to the table to see how our food was and if we were happy.  I will definitely return to this restaurant!
I think this place is way too overpriced and their food was not as amazing as the hype surrounding it. I went for AZ Restaurant week on a double date; the food was supposed to be affordable. Even after splitting it with my girlfriend and getting a drink a piece, we had to drop over a hundred dollars.
Was good, had more than one pool. Only downfall is that all of them only went up to 3 1/2 feet :/
Very disappointing.  Pad thai was flavorless and very dry...it was definitely missing that pad thai taste... The dumplings were soggy and tasted funny. I will say that the duck was good. My dog liked it as well
Better experiences since my last visit. I found a copy of a new favorite Natalia Kills. I like the new expansion for the books. Impeccable CD and DVD collection for all tastes to consume. The video game selection new or used is impressive.
The place is beautiful and romantic. The food is so blah !
Great fish tacos.  I always pick at least one grilled option.  If you do 2 fried fish options, then it can be too much.  Pasta salad side is really good too.
Went in cause my brakes were grinding. Thought it'd be MAYBE $200 bucks. Turns out $700. That's fine and all. Brakes seem good now. But then a few weeks later, started having all these other problems with the car that I've NEVER had
Bottom line....the mushy rice means 2 stars...done.  Owners, are you reading the reviews?  Mushy rice seems to be a popular critique.
The hostesses didn't say a word to me until I had been staring at them and tapping my foot for seven minutes while they talked with each other. Later on getting the check and then processing it each took ages. It wasn't even a full section. The food was okay...
Internet didn't work. Walls are paper thin. guest services checked us out without asking despite a promise for late checkout. Pretty shitty hotel experience despite it's reputation
\"Arribas: At least you won't die.\"\n\nBland food/ Large quantities/ Cheap prices. Go here if you plan on throwing up sometime soon, or if you are a glutton for punishment.
I've came here several times and EVERY TIME its not dusted, washed and vacuumed all the way! and their slow. \nSeriously, its waste of your money. I get so annoyed when they come by where I work to sell coupons. I tell them their services are not worth my money.
Brought some friends over here and our server Sultan was the BEST server. If you come here please ask for Sultan's service because he will treat you well.
I've only been once, it was good pho, pretty cheap, and reasonably fast. I wouldn't say it was anything spectacular but worth it if you're in the mood.
Veg burgers in Vegas.  I was ecstatic!  Add on the skinny fries, and you have a great meal for about $8 and for Green Valley Ranch, that is a huge bargain.
its ok...their ideas for creative beer sounded interesting but nothing i would go back for. the only thing that actually interested me was their watermelon wit. idk why this place has so many stars. i actually really liked the atmosphere but not much more than that
If I could give less I would....I got a crappy wash job and then got a rude comment from the attendant when I didn't give a tip!\n\nNEVER AGAIN DANNYS\u203c\u203c\u203c\u203c
The bar is always a great option here, the staff is very good and the food is great.\n\nThe orange edamame is great, spicier than the original
Hometown cooking at its best. Great all you can eat fish special on friday nights. My other favorite is country fried steak and eggs! Hashbrowns are my favorite.
Love, Love, Love this place. Food is great. I have never seen slow service and I can get in and out pretty quick. The staff is Awesome and Attentive.  I highly recommend.\n\nSide note the restaurant is a bit small for seating, but they always get us in.
Great local sandwich shop that caters to the greater Tempe area. That creative combinations of sandwiches are delicious!!  I highly recommend trying their lunch or breakfast.
Did the Black Angus burger with Gouda, carmalized onions and the spicy ketchup, a nice combination.   Above average beer selection, nice that they had a cooler full of different Dogfish Head varities.  Would have given 5 stars but bartended was pretty slow and forgot my beer order a few times.
Rude bartender slow service.   I noticed that the bartenders were serving others and ignoring me.   We had to ask for our check 3 times.  We could have just walked out without paying.
I have been a customer here for 10 months! I actually found them on Yelp because I was new to town.\nVivian is my favorite technician! She stays busy so make an appointment ahead of time!
Mention \"YEL.001\" to receive the $6.00 per day and one time service fee of $2.50
I am still waiting for my thai food. I have been here for 45 minutes and only had the soup. The staff is lacking personality\n bordering on rude and the staffing to handle the lunch rush of a December Monday is ludicrous.
Yuck! This place must stay open because people are too drunk or lazy to drive. I got the General Tsos chicken and it was fried to a crisp. So much that I could hardly tell if if was chicken. Kinda like chewing rubber. I'll never order from here again.
The peppered steak sandwich wasn't what I thought it to be, but it was good. A smaller portion then expected, although, the mixed veggie w/ egg and hot sauce hand rolls were divine!
It's brilliant! I'm a proud coffee-aholic and this is by far the best coffeeshop in town. The beans (imported) are amazing, and the staff phenomenal. Every delectable cup is made with pride, and to perfection. I highly recommend this place.
Great friday happy hour specials keep me coming back for more! Good draft beer rotation as well.
Catfish, shrimp, red beans n rice were all great as usual. Always a pleasant time eating here.
Great place for kids to make personalized gifts. Affordable price point. Friendly and helpful service. Nice selection of classes. Love this place!
Wonderfully al dente pasta with authentic Italian sauces. A very European feel all around, including the unisex bathroom.
It's the Ritz.  If you are looking at Yelp for a Ritz review chances are you'll be overwhelmed by the experience.
I stopped here because I was hungry and a burger sounded good.  Well the burger was good and the petite fries were awesome. Plus they have a good happy hour.  Kristie my waitress in the bar section was knowledgeable about the beer selections. She gave great recommendations. It is a bit loud but it is a sports bar.
booked a ticket to London, was very affordable and great service. I highly recommend them for traveling.
hey i drove all the way from ne mesa because of all the good reviews got there at 5 after noon and this place was locked up tight the web site says open mon- thur 12 to 10pm what gives up date your web site ????
Very disappointed. Everything was over priced and most things came from the dollar store or was priced at what you could it for new.  Won't be going there again.
If this had an option for zero stars I would choose that, Josh is the worst colorist of all times. Whatever you do, don't see him unless you want all of your hair completely broken off by bleach.
This is my daughter's 2nd year at ASA.  I appreciate the emails teachers send me regarding my daughter's progress or places that needs my attention.  I especially appreciate the lecture videos teacher created and the free tutoring time at lunch.  I am thankful my daughter study at ASA.
If I lived in the area, this would be a go-to lunch spot for me.  Very affordable - my buffalo chicken wrap was $7.80 and my cucumber-infused water was complementary - nice outdoor seating and great service!  Definitely recommend!
I am in love with the whimsical opulence in the decor. I adore visiting for this very reason! My husband and I visited during lunch and the menu is more reasonably priced. The burgers are outstanding and almost overwhelm you with the sheer size!
Went back last night, and it was tasty for sure!!  Their red Chile was outstanding, the cheese enchilada was very good, wife seemed to really enjoy her meal as well.  The salsa with the chips has got a kick for sure.  May have to try them for Breakfast one Sat/Sun.
Glad to have found this place! I do, however, think they need to clean it up a bit and update it as well...especially the outside. We witnessed dirty tables, the staff smoking and the fans above are disgusting... It just needs some TLC
Poor Customer service  . This location sucks! Bitch with Ipad checking in appointments acting like her job is so hard that she has to power trip and be rude! Remember Apple people you work there and customers like myself keep you employed by spending our $$$$ So stop being cunts!
Not a real fan of this place. I have been here three times and I think it is a trendy money pit that has bleh food.
You know a place is good when there is always a line. Even before the place opens!  For great sushi and friendly service, check out Sakana. Its not pretentious. Its just good food and atmosphere.
Meh, for a college town, this is doable for drinks and bar food. Nothing special, but I'm wondering what the differences are in color for the bar tabs.
So So, overpriced food and service  nice micro brew selection. I had bison burger and wife had one of their salads ( lettuce was wilted chicken was dry).  She also had blueberry mojito - Not Good! Not impressed could save some $$$ and had better meal at Red Robin.
Screaming children ruined otherwise good dining experience. When owner was asked to deal with situation, she refused, saying it was \"awkward\" for her. A skilled manager/owner would know how to handle this situation. Our table of six will not be back.
Mediocre at best. No real creativity in their rolls and it didn't seem like there was much effort to be creative. Atmosphere was just okay. I wanted to like this place, but it just didn't work.
Love the food!  Love the service!  I've been using TopLine Foods for a year now and get rave reviews when I grill up one of their steaks for dinner.  I even get a better response when I tell my guests their whole meal was organic.  Thanks TopLine...Love the new website too!
My poor husband got the worst food poisoning of his life from eating food from the salad bar!!! Please don't eat from the salad bar!
I've eaten here several times and the food is fine. But the last time we went to the one on the strip the waitress copied my credit card and sold the number to someone on the internet. Needless to say we won't be going back.
Had carne asada plate. It was ok but not the 4-stars I was expecting. Maybe I got the wrong thing (?) The best part was the ginormous and delicious handmade flour tortilla which came with my plate.
Lots of food. Not gourmet but not bad.
My husband wasn't thrilled with his crepe, but I had the chocolately Pancakes. Which were delicious, a little sweet, but very good!! My sis had the Mexican omelette, But needed more spice on the salsa. Otherwise, good! I definitely recommend the desserts and chocolate drinks!
Unfortunately, my breakfast here was disappointing due to such terrible service. Our waitress forgot to put our food order in and we ended up waiting 45 min. for out food!! When we finally got it, it was very good though. We might try it again.
Great service! These waitresses are on it. The food came right away. Such delicious selections:) my fav was crispy garlic shrimp and shrimp cakes on sugar car sticks. I live in LA so must find me a dim sum out here cause P.P.P got me yearning  for more can't wait to visit again.
Has to be my go to pizza joint in Vegas. We always recieve great service and the food is always spot on.
Maybe it's the broken wrist doing the reviewing but this place has way too many unattended children to be deemed safe.
Always someone available to help! Staff seems eager to assist with any knowledge they have that can help
The equipment here is really nice and my son always has a great time when we go. However, the employees and owners are so rude that it makes me hesitant to spend my money here.
Went to the Birkdale location. Good massage but overpriced when you can get equal quality at lower cost elsewhere... neither location is really convenient to center city.
Great tasting food and service was prompt and friendly.  Hip new place with great music and late-night theme.  The Forte Fries is a must.
Service was terrible with only one guy waiting on 3 tables. And the steaks were average at best with a lo tof fat content.The hot plate is a nice touch but can not carry the meal on it's own. Maybe just an off night but definately convinced me to move on with our choice for a steak dinner the next time
Had lunch.  Everything was good.  Great service.
Mmm, I had the dreamsicle and it was so good. They are really friendly at this Jamba Juice, a bunch of happy campers I say. They have breakfast burritos too, I'll be back and you should go too.
Been here twice so far, and got the Country Fried Burger and sweet tats both times. The quality and taste are top-notch for a burger joint.
http://www.journaldemontreal.com/2014/07/28/franchement-decevant
Nothing special. Overpriced hot dogs and hamburgers. I ended up paying 15 bucks for two hot dog combo meals and I had a 20 dollar Groupon.
Called them up to get a taxi from a local tourist hotspot, they told me it would be there in about 30 minutes. About an hour later I called a friend to pick me up. She was there in about 40 minutes, and the taxi still hadn't showed up. Never using again.
The pizza is actually pretty good but for a place with so many negative reviews I am surprised at how unfriendly the staff is.  I think small business's should pay more attention to the reviews they get, and respond.\n\nFor what its worth they don't open until 4pm on Friday.
I love Chin Fun ! The chicken & broccoli w/ garlic sauce the pork low main is excellent . The service is exceeding good . And FAST  delivery . Tops on all my choices here in\nCharlotte / Mint Hill area .
Nice friendly service, horrible, horrible sushi. The rice was gooey like rice pudding. We were hungry enough to finish the various old and tough fish pieces, but we're paying for it today,, very sick. Never again.
Beer selection criticised by three troglodytes at the bar.  All encouraged by (female, spectacled, simple) bar staff.  Appears to have went significantly downhill since change of ownership.  Terrible staff, poisonous clientele - I would recommend avoiding.
Not bad for a 24-hour deli in Circus Circus. Sandwiches are large, but a little pricey. Nothing too speical. Just a nice, big deli sandwich, great for late night munchies.
Ok food, but this Ohioan wasn't impressed. Clean inside, and nice bathrooms though.
I'm not crazy about the food here, but there's a great (huge!) patio and I would go for a cocktail or glass of wine anytime :)
This. Place. Sucks. The food is bad, the waitresses are nasty (and they suck at their job), it's full of a bunch of overweight degenerates in NASCAR shirts... Just bad all the way around.
Wasn't impressed as the food we ordered was average with a minimal selection. Mostly younger folks, lots of drinking
The portions are huge and the lettuce is crisp. I love the fresh veggies! The employees are extremely helpful and pleasant! I would have given 5 stars if the ranch dressing was homemade and not from the bottle. Overall, its a great place and I will continue to go there for my salad fix!
Servers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.
Unfortunately this place is closed. The last non-Starbucks in Surprise.
Really? Do you have to fabricate a terrible story just to see women topless? If you want to see topless women save your money and go to a strip club. If you wan't to see erotic art go see Zumanity.
The best fast food burgers
You go through the line like Chipotle or Subway and pick your ingredients.  Some of the items weren't really fresh.  Falafel was room temperature.  Other items were cold, so basically I had a cold falafel pita sandwich thing.  It shouldn't be a cold sandwich.
I live across this restaurant and it drives me crazy, it smells so good! I give them a 4 star because their food is great, especially their beef with hot garlic sauce but the staff is not so welcoming. Other than that, it's great place to get fast chinese food to-go!
WARNING !!!  this location is worse than any used car lot I ever visited.  Had to cancel three times before they finally stopped billing me.  Good therapists and good massage but HoRRiBLE business ethics,  DO NOT give them your credit card or checking info
I watched childbirth on there tv above the bar, drank out of a mini toilet and was surrounded by bikers. Besides being the only non gay place around this little area, it was ok.
Very pricey and tiny servings. Delicious, but delicate and not filling. The waiter was excellent, and everything tasted nice, but a 260 dollar dinner for three had better do more than elicit \"nice\" remarks all around.
This is well worth the wait in the large line formed outside on Sunday morning.  The food is homestyle cooking at its best.  The service is excellent.  Make the time and visit the Farmhouse with the family for a great breakfast experience.
We ate here OMG! I had a beautifully cooked & very tasty steak, med rare, creamed spinach, loaded baked potato. Amazing food, service & ambience!
They had a good variety of stores but gosh everything was so expensive if you ain't in a budget then this is ur store buddy. At zumies it's 38 for a franking shirt gosh the mall is nice to walk around and windowshop  I will go back to get away from the strip the mall is nice :)
I would never buy clothes here but I did try to bring 25 new jerseys here and they said they couldnt take them because they would just get stolen. I paid $100 each and they offered $0. They have one knock-off for $35 on the rack. Not my cup of tea.
Went here for lunch. The sea food stall had some really amazing dishes.
Big City Bagels has excellent service and bagels to match. Each week I order 3 dozen bagels and the staff is attentive to any special requests. Thanks for the butter!
Pretty good, especially considering that it's a fast food joint at a hockey rink.
Best Gyro in town. Great service and nice establishment.
Since moving into the area we eat here at least once a week. Sandwiches are great. Everything is always fresh and delicious. Really friendly staff. Try the brownies. Yum!
This place is clean and they didn't hurt me. So I reccomend it.
My panini had burnt oil on both sides of the bread which made it taste bad. They didn't seem to think it was a big deal. Clearly no pride in their work.
Been religiously coming here for 7 Years and refuse to go anywhere else for my Pedicures Manicures and waxing!!
Pool was ok to lounge by, but no shade whatsoever. \n\nMy problem was the service of this place, specifically a man named Salvador that I ran into a couple times by the pool ordering drinks from the bar. He was a miserable old man, and I suggest if you see him to ask for someone else's help.
Fly dropped into my pizza while we were eating...dead fly. Gross!!! Really I understand a lot of stuff but the server attitude or lack of even an apology was totally unappealing.
Have had NY pizza before, but this style of oven baked was definitely interesting.... okay, no....  damn good.   Definitely one of those types where you don't want to go here and fall asleep at work... type of heavy food.
Convenient, modern, clean and safe.\n\nIt's great to hop from hotel to hotel and is much easier then all the escalators after a night of clubbing (especially in high heels!)\n\nMakes for great photo ops too
Great service, super fast and friendly!  The food didnt stand out as spectacular, but over all it was a good experience.\nI used a restaurant.com coupon and the server was cool and friendly about it.
Re: the regular rooms this place is a pit stop kind of hotel.  Not the type of place where you spend a lot of time in the room/pool/casino.  i would only stay here with a discount.  Feels & looks like late 70's throwback.
I saw blue man in Boston about 4 years ago and the shows are very similar!   I got great seats right up front and middle on a discount website. Its basically a music show with lots of drumming and some audience participation. If you are in Vegas you have to see Cirque!
The service and food is great! My wife and I eat here often and highly recommend it for anyone who loves a great sandwich. \nAnother plus is The restaurant is always clean.
Fair price, decent location, beautiful pools. Sort of basic rooms, no refrigerator, great shower/large tub. Rooms are kind of far to walk to so don't forget anything from your room while heading to the casino, it's a ways back there. Overall I would stay again, nice beds and quiet rooms.
Will use this service from now on! Free paper. Extra courteous service.  Avoid airport parking traffic. Reasonable price.
Worse service ever. Left us standing in line. No one acknowledged us again. I have tried to eat in this restaurant before and left because of poor service. My girlfriend walked up to get an ice cream cone because we had waited so long and the girl at the counter turned and walked away four big thumbs down. No wonder the restaurant is half empty.
This buffet was way better than than the circus circus no doubt!  Thanks server bobby for making it enjoyable and for getting everybody to sing for my ten year old!!  The food was ok but...my favorite is the eggs benedict and the crab legs!
It's clean, and the staff are quick and friendly. \n\nI ordered the pho tai. It was decent but I would go to another pho place before I came back to this one.
its okay, butit is \"a Madison institution\".  Three of our 4 pancakes were undercooked and doughy. My scrambled eggs were thin and flat. The toast and jelly had no flavor, andsausage was nothing special. The potatoes were good, and the service is friendly.
Decent hotel not too far from the strip, clean with very big rooms. Stayed here in June during the week. You can park you car close to your building//room and don't have to walk through endless halls of casino. Resort fee 19$.
I have had several meals there and was very pleased with their comfort foods  .  Deserts are huge portions and very good.  I have also used their catering service. No complaints
This place has great service, great crab cakes. Very surprised, doesn't look like a place with good food..great find!!
Booo! The popcorn machine is gone. But the service and good selections are still there. Along with the good prices.
Cheap and yummy chinese food. \nLunch combo is really cheap price and large portion.\n\nIf you are students ,this is definitely a good choice. However, this is not the best Chinese food in town.
Never disappointed. Their ramen broth is so rich and layered with flavors. Also, the price is great! So far my favorite is the kogashi ramen. Give it a try, it has rich almost burnt soy flavors.
My husband had breakfast Hawaian burger, cool, unique different.  I had a milkshake and toast (a bit hungover).  Cool atmosphere and good service (although a little slow when we first arrived to be waited on).
I have been here twice now and love it. It is great to find a new place to dine, especially Italian food. Ordered the Amalfi 16\" deluxe and it was a great pizza, the mozzarella sticks were tasty. Definitely will be back
Stopped for an early morning weekday breakfast. \n\nI had  chilaquiles. My friend had avocado toast with an egg on top. We resisted the doughnuts, although the maple bacon looked delicious.\n\nParking was a hassle (no spots left in hotel ramp).
Food was bland.  Service was slow.  Screwed up my bill - chased me down in the parking lot to get me to come back to pay more.
Expensive and did a pretty bad job on a gel manicure. Nice people but I won't go again. Still looking for the right place.
If you have not been here I strongly urge you to put it on your list of places for great food and atmosphere.   Another of Joe's gems.    Great place to have breakfast.   To die for cupcakes [award winning], sconces and other goodies.    A great experience.
.Great service and atmosphere but the food was just okay.  All of our meat had a smoky taste but otherwise not a lot of flavor.  We were disappointed because we really wanted to like the place.
