Yes. I will give you a call after this weekend. I can assure you that was the only food we has in common in a while. We were 5 in the table. Only me and her had the same food. The rest thanksfully didnt get sick
Like a one bedroom. Quite. Cheap. Room are decent. Not fancy but has a full size fridge and stove with some plates. Clean. Sofa sleeper pulls out. Decent tv channels.
Good not great\nNeed a better lunch menu and Taco Tuesday special \nI will go back if in the area, but won't go out of my way
This mall has everything that is too expensive for a typical person to buy. If you have money, you shop here. I did feel a little intimidated by some fellow shoppers. I did have an excellent makeup experience at Sephora.
It should be 7. I love the place - the price is good and the food is fresh. I always ordered the salad. I just hope that they will come to Squirrel Hill to open a store.
I skipped Ellis Island Casino & Brewery because of the negative reviews with no feedback from ownership - especially Carrie D.'s where the manager came out to yell at her with a security guard. \n\nSeriously, look at her picture - he needed a security guard?
Not worth it. Expensive and quality of food isn't up to par. Left unsatisfied. Will not come back.
Awesome service...good traditional Italian cuisine....love Pasta Brioni!
Poor service, worse food.  Ordered salad and an entree.  They brought the entree and when we said we ordered salad the waiter pretended that we didn't order salads.  The food was tasteless.  I won't return.  It was also very hectic and noisy.
LOVE CARBS! Get the pesto spreads- all of them.  The fresh pastas and fresh breads too.  This is the place where happiness is born and bred.\n\nGranted the price is a little on the high side for their products, their products are top notch.
This has become my favorite hotel off the strip! the rooms are great and make you feel at home.  This hotel smells awesome and during christmas time they have pine scented air freshener through out the lobby.  Our family has stayed here about 4 times now and its been our goto hotel when visiting.
a great NY style of pizza for a cheap price. Conveniently located in Latta Arcade for those who work in that area of Uptown. Service is quick especially if you choose a slice from the constantly made selection of pizzas.
I get why this is one of the top clubs.  \n\nGreat music, great vibe, hot people, outdoor space.
The food was ok, the menu is of the typical thai food thats here in Las Vegas. Panang Curry, the green beans and cashew Chicken etc. As far as the quality it can be a go to place but not a must try place. Over all the food was OK.
White people's mexican. Lacking flavor, will not return.
Hmmm such a high stars I'm not sure why , flavor is bland sorry I love authentic or Americanized Thai food but this place I can't give more than 2 :( service is good but I'm rating on the food.
Love NODA, Love the atmosphere and everything but with that said Cabo was just bleh. I mean i just didnt see how it was special or anything. The queso we ordered came out cold and i didnt LOVE my meal soo 2 stars it is for me.
Definitely a weird experience. Sun's in your face if you get there at the wrong time of day, no parking lot so good luck on the street, and weird bathroom thing going on. Really good space for groups, though, and definitely a good array of drink choices. Not great for an intimate evening.
I really enjoyed this place.  They had some real good food.  Felt very authentic... or at least southwest mexican good!
Had the chicken tika masala and nan. Spice up the chicken and it's a flavorful meal. Needs more chicken though.
Solid choice for above average burgers and fries. Variety of dipping sauces for the fries is a bonus. Was a little underwhelmed considering its reputation.
Great atmosphere...  Started with the guacamole which was very good.  Drinks were out of this world great.  Had shredded beef tacos and enchiladas which were both very good also.
If the loco moco here was not so good I would give this place a worst review the service takes a long time to get what you order
Shattered my iPhone 3GS screen. They replaced it quickly, and for only $30. Good as new!!
Fresh fish, friendly staff, good service.  Those oysters are gooood!\n\nThis is a hidden gem in the neighborhood.
The food was pretty decent, but the waitresses were inattentive. No ambiance. Good green tea. They tried to commit our order to memory, which was a colossal failure. Both orders were slightly wrong.
Very friendly staff. First time at new location and I really like the large garage doors and seating. Great natural light. I had the fried tofu salad. The tofu was very good, not over fried. The dressing delicious. The lettuce is just iceberg. Would want something a little different, more substantial.
They refused to let me switch out fried rice for chow mein. The food was mediocre, chicken was dry and my friend got a crab puff that had absolutely nothing in it. The flavor was bland for everything too. The restaurant itself was really run down.
Okay, your standard coffee shop.  I do like the ambiance of sitting outside on the lake though.
Food is blah, but atmosphere is stellar. Just stick with coffee and you'll be happy!
Full of douchebags and stupid chicks trying to look cool while the food is right from the microwave. The staff was nice, but the service was very, very slow. Ah, the wine was good... but that has nothing to do with the restaurant.
Edible, but not the best food. Cool environment though.
Outstanding good value and very fancy cuisine in a dive location.  I think I will violate the no repeat rule on vacation and go back again.  You must try
Still have popcorn ceilings. Room was nice and clean.
I recently went here for the first time and I had low expectations but I was pleasantly surprised. It isn't fancy, but it's comfortable and cozy. Friendly service and reasonable prices. I like the bbq brisket sanwich with a baked potato.
Very friendly staff, quick & delicious food. Their beer selection was decent but small but there seems to be something for everyone. Their Panini's are outstanding
Great place for a healthy smoothie or a quick salad to boost your mood! Read more about it on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/28/abe-marys-food-to-boost-your-mood/
The food here was ok, maybe just a touch better than Panda Express or similar fare, but not great. I guess if you're looking a slightly fresher alternative to Panda Express, this would be it.
This is an excellent place to have your watch repaired or serviced. John is outstanding. I went to other Rolex stores, but Gemstone is by far the most responsive and honest. Strongly recommend John. Only bad news is this handsome young man is already engaged to be married. They do many other things. Well worth the visit
This place sucks.  The brother of the current owner owns LOLOs Chicken and Waffles.  Go to LoLos.  If you want to experience reverse racism as a white person go to the Golden Rule.  Complete ahole is running his mother's landmark into the ground.
Bait and switch. They quote $15 and then charge you over $100 after they have already done the work. \n\nDo not use.
Food was ok, but the serves was very slow.
Pretty sure the Grand Cafe shares a kitchen with the buffet. Ordered the southwest breakfast bowl and was thoroughly disappointed. I am pretty sure it was a compilation of pre-made. Food slopped into a bowl and reheated in an oven briefly. Less than inspiring would be an overstatement.
Nice store. Clean and pretty well organized store. The prices on some items were a bit high though. The staff was courteous and friendly.
I did not enjoy myself at all. From the moment I sat down to a sticky table and disgruntled server. \nThe iced green tea tasted old and watered down. \nThe server forgot the extra sides and dessert from the meal. \nThe food itself was flavor less and greasy.
This is a pretty okay place to go for drinks or meeting friends after work.  The menu is overly large, too many entrees and not very imaginative.  Conveniently located both downtown and at Hilldale.  Nothing special.  Tends to be kind of noisy.
I dont know how places like this stay in business???? It was awful!!!! I mean how can you mess up brocolli? It was like they opened up a jar of brown gravy and poured it over top. Gross!!! I will not be back.
This place is super cute and the Sunday Brunch with the Bluegrass band outside is awesome! Adjust your expectation though, if you are going for fast attentive waitstaff, then This IS Not the place. You go here for the atmosphere and to hear the band, the staff and kitchen couldn't be slower.
Overpriced. The ribs were not good at all, couldn't tell if I was eating meat or fat. The pulled pork sandwich  was low quality ad well. The fried mushrooms and fries would be the best part of the meal. I would avoid if you want good bbq .
This is a must stop when visiting Vegas!  The burgers are phenomenal and the milkshakes are fantastic.
nice.. 24 hr bun mi.. how can u go wrong!!
The food was good, but this was about the worst service we've ever had. This is not what I expect for paying those prices. \nThe last hour of us sitting there, our waiter did not show up again.
I ordered some kind of breakfast omelet and it was just as it looked, delicious. There was hardly anyone there but the waitresses weren't quite on top of their game. I had to wait a little for my coffee refills and it took a minute to get the check.
Quick stop at il central lobby lounge...\nAwful service\nRude service\nHuge roaches\n\nSo gross.
The service isn't bad, but was awfully slow when I went there. The owner could definitely hire a server or two ... the place was busy and she was really the one taking food orders. The food wasn't half bad though.
This is my new favorite lounge and bar spot in Vegas. The decor, drinks, music, and vibe are absolutely amazing. It definitely fits in with Cosmo's theme - sleek and sexy. Best of all - no cover charge. Don't leave Vegas without having a drink here!
Horrible customer service. Lied about their plans. Then later refuses to fix the problem they caused.
absolutely my favorite deli in Arizona. Love the bread bowls.
It is the International House of Pancakes.  They got the basic breakfast and coffee shop fare.  The new one has some bad service.  I like the harvest nut pancakes.   They are adequate
By far best local brews in town. Grab a pint of the Bilbo Baggins if it's available
Great massage, impressed it was by a student. They make you very comfortable in private rooms.
Today I saw Ken for the second time. The first time he put highlights into my hair, which I loved, and today I came back to trim my original style and get a little bit more of a dramatic cut.  I love the style and I am coming back to Fantastic Sams.
Love this place.  Great service  & great food - these folks are on top of things.  Consistent every time.  Thanks
Ginger ice cream is superbly creamy with satisfying chunks of crystallized ginger laced throughout the perfectly sized scoop.  The chocolate is milky and delicious.  \n\nA single cup with two flavors costs $3.00.  \n\nHappy camper.
Staff are friendly. Sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better. Otherwise this is a decent sushi place for a lunch once in a while.
Large portions, nice people. I recommend the streak and chicken with-rice more than the pasta. Love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs.
Ordered seafood combo for 2, enjoy the food, good size and decent quility.\nEmployees are friendly and hrlpful. The only complain will be the quility of the tuna sashimi. It wasnt a good part of the fish, very chewy.
Empty for lunch. Had a Sonoran burrito, good but the relano sauce was missing. Terrific Cadillac margarita\n\nGood service
Delicious food. The seasonings...superior!\nNice helpful staff.\nBe prepared to wait for seating.\nAtmosphere was wonderful.
I loved the swimming pool! With that said I was so disappointed! My room hadn't been cleaned very well the last guests belongings were still in the room. Yuck!! The sleep number beds feel like air mattresses! And the hotel was so old it felt like it was going to collapse!!
There always seem to be the hottest girls here haha.But on a serious note, great Babystop, come here all the time. Just to wander around looking for a deal, check the inner aisles for the clearance section. They even have on in the electronics section! Awesome.
Thank you for always doing a great job for us Bryon! Fast , friendly & affordable service.
Worse $15 I have ever spent.   A joke of a pedicure. Little to no massage and the buffing of my feet was terrible.  They might be worse now.  Save your $15 for the delicious sushi next store.
Stopped in to grab a bite yesterday when I really didn't have time for a sit down lunch.  Had a spinach feta scone that was very dry.  I won't be going back.  Employee was very pleasant, however, so I will give it two stars.
Bad food... Wings are oily and cold!
Everything about this restaurant is excellent! Price,quality, service!We always take our guest here! Never ate at the one in The Palazzo.Weve never had a bad dish!
Not sure what is so special about overpriced snow cones. I'd rather have yogurt or gelato. Service was slow, and the place isn't clean. Trash outside was overflowing and there were flies everywhere!  We won't be going back.
one of the most overrated restaurants in canada. greasy ass food, salty as fuck, and people call it good.
First time at Be sugared and loved it . Thank you nicole for  the best bikini  waxing . I will  be back soon !!! One of the best in town:)
Came here with my wife for a Sunday breakfast. Very close to where we live. Service was very friendly and the food was delicious. I had the corned beef hash and my wife had the 2 eggs your way with pancakes. Nice, modern decor and friendly atmosphere.
I'm drunk, I come here and order a hot and spicy ( sub The mannaise  with Mac sauce) and 2 breakfast burritos. Tell me why I didn't get any hot and spicy??? What the fudge???
flies everywhere, place is dirty and food not cooked well.
I like the lounge to have a quiet drink in but the food is really bad.  out of the freezer, into the fryer is not a recipe for good eats.
This caf\u00e9 is owned by the same folks who run Uncle Sal's (which is right around the corner, hence the name), and they share the same kitchen.  So, regarding food, feel free to look at my review for Uncle Sal's.  Nothing on the menu isn't great.
Very dirty room. No entertainment just awful place to be.  KJ Chinese is great though but skip this hotel when you visit vegas
WHAT! CLOSED ALREADY!  And we only just getting to know each other!  If you locate somewhere else, please let us know!
Doesn't open until 11am the day before the Super Bowl, advertised as opening at 7:30am. I guess nobody in town wants to watch college basketball.
Simple, cheap, yummy. Great, friendly staff. Insanely affordable food and fresh ingredients...def not your typical fast food burger. The vanilla shakes are great. Wish they had these on the east coast!
Great yummy food! Fun atmosphere and a huuuge menu! Wish their hours were a bit longer, but still reasonable. Great place!
This was one of the best buffets that I have been to.  The food was good, everything was hot and fresh, and I love the small plates.  Only thing wrong though is that it is nearly impossible to grab more than a couple of the small plates at a time because there is no way to possibly have them all balanced on a plate.
Food was great- but the service...guys:  get it together!  you almost have a home-run, but the lack of training and skill set is KILLING your customer base.
Disappointing at best- had fresh spring rolls, came wrapped in crepe not rice paper as advertised on menu- had pad Thai- kinda a big glob of noodles with a a few slices of carrot and green onion and no peanut garnish- nota keeper!!
Nice new restaurant.  Didn't bat an eye at my request for an egg white omelet.   Everything was done nicely, bright cheery place, good service.   We will be back.
I love the pretzel dippers.  I normally order the brown bag chicken salad because it is great and not made with mayo which is great.  The kale salad is great.  My recommendation would be to try everything.  and get there before 5pm for the pitchers .  But it is a little pricey.
If you're Black or Hispanic don't expect to run a tab. You will have to pay as you go or pay upfront. I wish I would have read the reviews before I wasted my time coming here. The server we had was rude and a liar. The manager wasnt any better. I will never come here again.
This place is a must especially for any tourist.\n\nI eat here several times a month. Best smoked meat in Montreal.
Very non ghetto :-) Okay to leave gat in the RIZIDE!
Food was good. Slow service. First time that I've had to walk outside through a parking lot to get to the bathroom.
Some of the best food in town. Shared the bass and pork loin with a friend. The striped bass as incredible and something I would order on my own. Also tried pate and fries for appetizer. Both delicious! Worth the money.
Tire replacement, was told it would take about 1.5 hours (when I had an existing appointment). It's almost been 2.5 hours and I'm still waiting. Ridiculous.
the deli is ok for lunch or if you want to pick up a quick dinner to go.  but everytime i'm here for groceries, i just wish for one thing: A Whole Foods in Champaign.
Decent service
What is this place, a supper club? Looks like a bar for regulars. Only had a couple drinks, didn't try the food. Im sure theres some type of fish fry here.
Meh. \n\nOur server was awesome. \n\nThe rest of the place was tired- the decor, the menu, the wine. \n\nGo to postrino's instead.
My usual, americano. Too bad it's columbian beans.
Wow...truly awful service & food...went around 3PM place was not busy yet service was really poor...Margarita too sweet...Michelada was off-tasting as well.  Nothing remotely authentic about food & really poor example of the great Mexican food we have in the Valley!
Riley (my dog) always looks great after spending some time here.  The staff is always very friendly and accomodating with same day appointments.  I recommend this place to all my friends looking for a groomer.
Be sure to review your dog sitter before you book with them!!!! Do not trust the reviews!!!!!  This website had great reviews for green acres dog boarding in Gilbert az and they just killed 17 dogs!!!!!!!
My favorite lunch!
Poorly understaffed 20 min wait getting out of garage with one one of three exit lanes open.  Will try others before going back to Dollar at LAS airport.
The menu is pricey for steak sandwiches I know it Gilbert but come on. They should look at running specials to keep the prices down. The quality and portions are not as high as would like think for the price you paying.\n\nThey are better place in the valley as better prices for the same product.
They forgot to show my movie! The only one in the movie! Employees just slacking off! Just got my refund I'm not sure if I want to ever come back here!
It is good pizza.  The slice is huge for lunch.  Ordered the 24 Big Jimmy.  It gets soggy in the middle.  Stick with their regular size large.     More and more of these pizza companies are using the toaster conveyor to cook.  Im not a big fan of that.
there lemon chiken is good.also the wor wonton soup is very good. this place is not fancy but for the price its a good value.
Thank you everyone at Half Price Mattress for the great product and customer service.\n\nI purchased the Stargaze Euro Top queen set and have never had a better mattress. Very nice, you won't go wrong for the money.\n\nTheir delivery and setup is top notch as well.
Very good food and service! High recommend the prime rib sandwich, the best I have ever tasted!
Food is terrible . It's like going to a high school back yard kegger party. I will leave this place for the younger can't hold there liquor crowd..
For this price at least have a fresh foods,  hope I'm not getting food poisoning stay away from this sh%= place
This hotel was absolutely fantastic! My room was beautiful, the hot tub was open all night. The front desk (especially Marques) were outstanding. I ate at the buffet it was very good also.
It was my first visit to Las Vegas Dermatology.  The girls at the front desk were great and very helpful.  The Doctor was spot on.  A great visit.  I would highly recommend the Las Vegas Dermatology.\n\nMike
Fun bar for a younger crowd .. Not my cup of tea\nI'm laid back lounge gal.. Lol
This was amazing! We got the soho salad and calzones and they were to die for! Came back the next day for more!
Great food, usually great service, and good prices. We enjoy going at lunch and always leave stuffed.
Food has always been good but service leaves a lot to be desired. I never did get my full order of food, the waitress was very flighty. It was a busy Friday night but I would expect to get good service regardless.
The filet mignon is the best I have ever had. Its sauce was probably what made it so good. Crab cake appetizer was really fishy tasting. Service was almost perfect. Its a great place and its ambiance is amazing. Lollipop cheesecake tree is overrated but fun to look at.
Closed down by the health department...Maybe that is why their pot stickers were so good! ;)
AMAZING!\n\nQuick service for fresh food!  I had the baby fat and it was MORE than filling.  Loved it!  Had the onion rings.  Loved them too!  \n\nGo there.  It is quick, cheaper, and 24 hours!  I wish they had on in Chicago!
This is my all-time favorite Mexican restaurant!  From the salsa and cheese dip to the burritos and tostaguac, everything is delicious!  It's family owned and so friendly. Try the sangria too...you won't be sorry!
If you order from here get it take out. It took them 2 hours to deliver my one pizza. My poor kids were starving and I didn't even get an apology. I kept calling and they kept saying it would come in 5 mins. They need to get their act together.
Made a reservation which was cancelled because I am guessing they overbooked... \nThey booked me in some shitty hotel with same rate (found out the shitty place was much cheaper later).\nDon't be so surprised if they book you somewhere else later.
Great beer. Great people.
Terrific! We had an end of season baseball team party using this company, and they were just great! All the kids had a great time, the managers were professional, arrived in a timely manner, and managed the games. We could not have been more pleased.\n\nI highly recommend WeGoGamez!
Sherwin is old and not very reliable but he is a really nice guy. I will give him that much. Very good optician as well
Don't waste your time. Sat and waited over twenty minutes just get a menu. Then was told that I needed to move to different table after they sat since some other customers wanted our table. It just went downhill from there. Much better places in cavecreek.
This was the first place open serving food that was close by our hotel once we got settled in. We split an order of nachos, which were HUGE! The late night crowd was there, and they had the lights turned down and the music blaring. Not the atmosphere I expected.
The show is overpriced.  The stage and music go together well but there is no theme to the entire show.  The crown is not even funny.  I would not recommend it.
Don't rent! From this company seriously all they care about is money! There will be a $50 dollar lien hold on you even if you are short $1! They don't wait till your next payment. $34 dollar late fee after the 6th day. Beware!
French restaurant. Friendly atmosphere, food is ok. Nothing fancy or delectable.
Slowest Wendy's ever!! Drive through took almost 25 minutes and there were only three cars in front if me! My suggestion would be to skip this place after dark. I hope their service during the day is better then at night!
Lighting was terrible to almost noon existent, no air-conditioning, the attendant was cold, rude and not very responsive when the game I put a $1.00 broke after the 1st ball. I can see now why I quit gambling 30 years ago. This place takes your money as fast as the casinos but there is no winning
We love this place. The coneys are authentic. The chili cheese fries are a total upgrade with the fresh cut fries. And beets on my greek salad? Yes please. Super friendly staff.
Just plain awesome!  Love it.  Have visited the Jade Monkey and thought we would give the Atomic a try.  Will spend our money at both places!  Tremendous job ! will cocktail there every chance we get!
Just love the ambiance and liveliness of this place.  Make sure to check this place out on Taco Tuesdays, then order the Carnitas Street Tacos with Naked Guacamole...  Great drinks and live music, so that pretty much covers it.
I had read about this place on the Internet. Got some salt water taffy and two pieces of cheesecake. All have been excellent. The man behind the counter was extrememly friendly and helpful. I will definately be ordering more in the future and it is worth the drive all the way across Las Vegas from Henderson.
Fast Fresh healthy Mexican food. Atmosphere is themed well. A great place for a quick bite.
Surprised to see so many negative reviews.  The service here was amazing, the food was awesome, and the Long Island Ice Tea was bomb.  I mean seriously, who actually likes the taste of a long island ice tea?  I bought it because I was short on cash and the meal was kind of pricey, but that drink was GOOD!
All you can eat menudo on sat and sun! But beware of the ghost! Manuel's is considered haunted from when it used to be a convenience store.... BOO!
My go-to gym. Sometimes the equipment whacks out for no reason but other than that, no complaints. They have a child center so I can drop my daughter off there and they have great equipment for her to play on there - she loves going to the gym to \"work out\".
Not a fan of the menu. \n\nThe meal was just not great at all especially for the prices. \n\nDoubt I will go back when there are so many other awesome places like:\nGoodcents\nEuropean Bakery\netc
NO way, poor service and food was not worth how I was treated. I wouldn't recommend them to any one, it you want service like that just go to taco bell
I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars.  You've got to accept it for what it is: a fun place for people in their 40's, plus or minus a few years.\n\nPretty good happy hour prices on drinks and food.  Fun atmosphere later at night with the live music.
Quiet Restaurant, I am not sure how to describe my experience, but Yelp says it all \"Meh. I've experienced better.\" It's not a WOW restaurant, Its not where I would take a date, nor family. Food is average. Could not say much more of the staff.
Flat iron steak was darn good at a nice price. Only reason it isn't a 5 is because the beer selection stinks and the saloon was dead.
Came to see music and it is set up in the mall, what a great idea
It's Chili's.  Pretty standard for a chain.  \n\nNothing stood out in my book.  Service was normal.\n\nLove the new avocado burger tho.
Hum, If you are expecting an AMAZING sandwich...try some place else. Potbelly is just another quiznos-esk sandwich shop. Nothing unique, nothing special other then live music.
i'm from out of town, used this cab once and the driver was so rude to me. i called the company to speak to the supervisor, the representative \"Anita\" was incredible rude and hung up on my 3 different occasions. I called back and she kept hanging up. \ni also had my id stolen from the cab driver.
It's not quite the experience I was hoping for. It was a psychedelic frenzy of lights enjoyed by those who are rolling. I didn't care for it and won't care to find my way through a bunch of weirdos dressed in their Halloween costumes
Brought my family here, had a great time watching most of them see it for the first time. Hot chocolate was a little pricey but it was worth it :) It's a must!\n\nThe light show was nice. Really liked it!
Lots of great beers on tap(Modelo Especial, Negro Modelo, Delerium Tremens, etc).  Great concept with the nachos.  Service could have been better.  Try the Flortentine Nachos!
Panevino defines fine dinning in Las Vegas. Pricey? Yes, but more than worth it. The food is excellent, prepared to order, very tasty. The service is perfect,
Plumbing medics, you guys rock. My termite man hit a water line in my garage floor they were out within hours, had it fixed within hours. Very happy with a quick response , turn around time and of course the price for the work that was done.
Dont even think about it. This is not asian food. It is like microwaved asian food made by a teenager in Home Ec. Plus, bonus!!! I got sick afterwards.  SERIOUSLY RETHINK GOING HERE.
Simply the best ever.
First off servers never respond to you. The meat just tasted old. And there were bugs everywhere, one on the window, seat, and once on my plate :( never again....
4:25pm on a Monday.  Airport is pretty packed and there is one person trying to work the register and make coffee drinks...no chance.   Get the girl some help!
The husband and I have gone to Arrowhead Tan & Nails for the past 6 months to get pedicures. The staff is always friendly and they always do an amazing job! We would highly recommend them!
Gorgeous day to sit outside and enjoy lunch w my family. I haven't even gotten my pizza yet, but the service has been prompt and professional. The place is clean, although maybe (ma
The shower in this hotel is the worst shower I have ever taken a shower in.. I could Pee stronger than this shower. Absolutely no water pressure to wash off the smell of strippers and beer.
Best pizza and wings in the far west area. Staff is is ways friendly and fast.
This place sucks....the food sucks and it smells weird.  A pretty sorry excuse for a sports bar.   \n\n...but what do i know.
Good ambience and the food was decent. Go during happy hour-nice small plates at reasonable prices. Beware of any fruity/tropical type drinks however-they make them way too sweet
The food was very disappointed..$39.99 for buffet, you would of thought the food would be great.  I was extremely disappointed with the food...very thing seems to be all dried up and over cook.
Puke. Greasy, Box of fruit is a joke. Skip it and go to Magnolia's @ 4 Queens, if you are looking for good coffee shop-type food.
Had an electrical fire today, after I got locked out of my house yesterday with a door malfunction, and the A/C has been out for 2 days now. But it's only 94 degrees in the house, so totally not too bad.
Wasn't great service, food was mediocre, and the Calzone/Wings I had weren't amazing! Didn't accommodate my grandfather who is in a walker and the waitress was very rude about our situation. Wouldn't recommend eating here.
Great place for Bears fans! Nice to find this away from home! Great atmosphere on game day and no bad seat in the house!!!!  Staff was very friendly.  Love it!!!!
Great food. Only bad thing no beer or wine. Portions very large. Friendly service. We all were stuffed. Awesome beans!!!!!
Didn't think this was possible, but it's worse than Olive Garden...food was horrible and extremely overpriced, service was decidedly lacking....  Neat location with fun and interesting decor but I wouldn't eat there again.
Great home style food.  One of my favorite breakfast places.
The best thing to happen to the northwest side of town. The staff are so friendly. The restaurant so clean. Highly recommend the lettuce wrap sandwiches.
Horrible service 3 times in a row. \nManagement does not care. \nI will never return there!
went here early in the morning and donuts were really fresh! smell of coffee was awesome too!\n\nstrawberry donut and munchkins are always the best!
Love this shop! Their juices are of the best quality in town. The employees seem to be very educated and enthusiastic about all the of their products. I would recommend First Time Vape to anyone looking to quit smoking or those currently vaping.
Apps were good.  Pizza was just so so.  A little bland .. :(
I'm eager to go back to this place, the crepes were delicious and they had a wide variety to choose from. The food was excellent but the service is so so.
I get my hair done by Katie Clark and love it every time!! I trust her to make suggestions and try new things. The salon has a great atmosphere and I wouldn't want to go anywhere else.
Decent selection of flavors, polite & quick service. Only thing is there are eight chairs. Total. Not the best thing when you have a family of five.
If you are a Duck enthusiast, go there and as well fries cooked in duck fat, best fries I ever ate.
This is the spot you hit for solid good sushi. I don't think it is too inventive however the quality is high the prices are more than reasonable and they are open late so late night place for sushi this would be it.
Really bad & slow service. Will not return.
The managers of both the Italian and Asian counters are extremely rude and pushy, I think their names are Tom and Jamie.  You would also think such a huge store they would have a decent selection.  Way over priced too.  I would recommend going elsewhere, a place where managers actually care for your business.
This places STINKS! And I mean that literally. I've never smelt anything like it in my life ... but what ever it is it forced me into being a mouth breather. And finally I just had to get out ...
Situ\u00e9 dans le quartier touristique de la ville, ce caf\u00e9 bar est tout ce qu'il y a d'ordinaire : pas de surprise, pas de d\u00e9ception.
not different that anyother panda express you will visit. food is oily but tasty. As its located rite on the strip so its good for quick lunch when needed and if you want to spend 30$ for buffet :). enjoy the orange chicken...happy panda
Great name, but the beer is insipid, bland, and served  in plastic pitchers. Yuck. College greeksters might dig it, but anyone with an actual palate will be repelled. Costly, boring, feh.
Good food, great service, awesome selection and you couldn't really ask for more. Except no cards excepted.\n\nBring cash for this great diner.
way to hot inside
Absolute waste of money. Bad service but most importantly way over priced. Don't bring your kids unless you plan on spending $500 or more. Take them to the park instead.
This place is closed down , closed down, closed down. Please don't waste your time, it is closed down ...
Way too packed and unorganized no matter what time you go.
Over ten open tables and they won't seat because the servers are too slow. Horrible!
I really like this place. They have a variety of Indian food.Its worth going to this place.
I have been a box customer with this location for almost 2 years.  Jess and the team there are great.  They totally help me take care of all my business and shipping needs day in and day out.
I took my blankets & sheets in to wash myself. The place is clean & there was an attendant on hand. Can't really ask for more
Second time to this club in 2 years. Didn't like it the first time and it wasn't any better the second time around. The music inside the club wasn't any good. The music outside was a lot better but it was too hot to handle.
Save your money.... The worst show I've ever seen.
The buffet is overpriced and disgusting with little or no choices . They should be ashamed of that food.
Very pleasant and friendly environment. Every time I get a sub, I don't have to wait in line for order.
Cute little coffee shop. They offer great smoothies and sandwiches. The place is small and can get a little crowded sometimes. Also, no wifi which would be nice.
Amazing food and drink combos, service was excellent! We sat at the bar and had a great experience, highly recommend this place
This place was so great! I was a little hesitant because of how inexpensive it was but they did a wonderful job and for a great price! And not only that, but the vet comes out to talk to you before the surgery and they're all very personable! I would recommend this place again and again and I'll definitely be back!
Great customer service!!! Will return!
The only reason we came was because we had a coupon. Apparently locals get the bogo special which is nice. \n\n\nA really nice view but don't forget your jacket. \n\nMust see if you're in Vegas.
I bought a groupon online I liked my haircut but the whole experience was just okay. My stylist who never introduced herself to me, she wasn't personal or friendly and said barely 10 words the whole 45 min I was there. I won't be back.
Owner is very nice. Kids LOVED it!! The dole whip reminds me of Disneyland but better!! Can't wait to come back again and again!!!
Seemed pretty dirty.  Didnt eat here just had some drinks.  Nasty bathroom - wouldnt go back
Once again this restaurant does not disappoint.  Four of us went here for breakfast on 7/4/11.  Food and service were great.  Location is excellent.  Love the Bloody Marys!
Best Pizza in Summerlin, hands down.  The family and I love eating there and getting it to go.  Love the thin crust!
Not accomodating for a large group on the patio.  Go to Ticoz or Fez.
I had the raspberry cheesecake for dessert yesterday.  Wow!!!  Good stuff.  My mom had the baklava-very nutty if you like baklava. It was like eating desserts on steroids!
Love eating at this restaurant. small place but great ambiance and awesome food.
Never had a bad experience here, at least not yet anyway. The salsa is always super yummy. Try the XX Equis fish tacos. Deeeeelish!
Best NY style pizza in the area. The grandma pie is the best.
Top of my list when looking for Mediterranean food. The prices are right, the servings plentiful and the food is always top quality.
Average food at best. Wings undercooked and greasy. Onion rings underwhelming. Service poor. Waited 30 minutes when place wasn't busy...  Won't be back...
I really needed a cigarette at the Vig the other night and they were closed at 11:30 PM on a Saturday night. I'm deducting a star and holding it hostage until the next time I need something and Empire is actually open for me to get it.
A required stop on every visit to the Strip. Best selection of Pasta, cheeses and meats. Try the Antipasto salad at the Olive bar. It's the best!
Bad service and bad food. Got sick that night from eating one of their burgers. I don't suggest eating at this Red Robin.
I've been there twice. Once with Mom, once with my girlfriend. Each experience was unique. Each experience provided superb service and fantastic food. Go there to enjoy a meal for a beautiful evening out.
Good stuff, try the Jewish sliders:). Be ready for a long wait at lunch time.
I walked in and they sat me at a pedicure chair right away.  The place was very clean and spacious.  The staff was very friendly.  The cost was reasonable for the service provided.\n\nI would recommend this place.
Went there Saturday (7/27/13) around 2 pm and the doors were locked. Would love to try this new place but this is the second time this has happened to us.
Cookie cutter food. Bad Service,
I didn't have a problem until I told him I needed my dress done on a specific time. Then yelled at ME first because he was behind on his service? That's not my fault. Could have handled it more maturely.
Came here again with friends and noticed the sofa bed mattress was lumpy.  Had to clear bathtub drain and  tighten toilet seat bolts.  \n\nFree breakfast was nice.
Clear and fast service which is imp for fast food joint
Wow! This place had a perfect hookah, lasted over over 2 hours and that's with no refill. Also, SABRINA, was awesome, great service with a nice smile. Around 11:30ish they had a beautiful belly dancer. Luna hookah had great atmosphere. Very satisfied!
It's good to go to a location not inside a mall. \nClean store and non irritating ingredients. \nI like their hand soap, definitely worth it. \nThis branch sell fast so I end up going to a different branch or online at times.
Not bad not great.  Better than Papa John's, Domino's, etc, but not as good as Libretto's or Papa Murphy's.  Pasta dishes are ok for a late night meal, calzones are decent too.
I'm on the phone with Linda right now, I called them just in case to let them know the situation after I got the news from the other plumber. and she says that she's doing everything she can make the situation right. I will keep this updated.
Nice place to sit, enjoy the views and the comfy couches and have a drink.  Don't think I'd spend more than an hour here, but I definitely recommend as a stop for a pre-dinner/night out drink.
Have shopped here several times.  There are great deals to be found here.  I usually buy a few pairs of jeans each visit for about $20 each.\n\nThe employees have always been fine, and the store is clean and well organized.  \n\nCheck them out for yourself.  You might find something you need.
My roommate and I bring our 3 dogs here to play at least 3 days a week. We love the doggie water fountains, trees, the amount of available shade and seating. Everyone in my house can realistically spend hours enjoying this park. Thank you.
The picture show here is an inexpensive and fun way to spend a night, at only $2 a person, $1 on Tuesdays.  \nThe theaters themselves are very clean, tidy and comfortable, more so than you'd think you'll get for just a couple bucks!
We were in town for Sema and met up with a bunch of people here one evening last week...great food and customer service!
I love bacon unfortunately they forgot to really promote the bacon part of their name. I was really looking forward to the experience and it was such a let down. Not bad, just disappointing.
loved everything about this buffet except the the long lines and the wait!!!!has a good choice of chinese,middle eastern,italian etc...\nthis place can be very busy so be prepared to wait.
Great sandwiches!!! Finally a healthy alternative close to home! Had the arizona sandwich and the buffalo chicken as well and they are both very yummy! The staff is super friendly and helpful! Will be a regular here for sure! Reasonable prices as well!
This place is over priced for mediocre food. Granted it is on the strip, so it is expected. The fries are pretty tasty, until they get cold. The burgers are tiny patties on a big bun. This place wouldn't stand a chance located anywhere else. My opinion, keep on walking.
Very little difference in the amount of meat you get on a regular sized sandwich versus their larger one. The lettuce is always very watery and makes the sandwiches a drippy mess.
encore parlor suite - great view of the strip; great service and my favorite casino to stay at in Las Vegas (best people)
The food was good but a bit overpriced. The drinks are fine. The ambiance is hip and casual for vegas.
Liars,never come back again\nGive them 0 star,all they can do is just wasting your time.never trust what any agent told u,if u can,please keep the evidence what they offer,even means u have to record it.
I hate Walmart in general.... THIS Walmart is the worst. It's always dirty with long lines and disgusting people. I pay 2x more to go to target.
be nice if their food was actually made by the Asians and not store bought.....
The owner, Samir, used to own a shop by my house that was awesome! Now he is here and I am happy to have found him.  Very upfront, reasonable and complementary coffee, tea, soda and snacks.  This guy is a real pro and has the certificates hanging on the wall to prove it.
Slowest service ever. I dont go very often but definitely not ever going again. I waited 15 mins just to get mcchicken sauce horrible service.
Claim jumper is alright, their healthy options are not that great.  The chicken pot pie is pretty good if you want your calorie intake in one meal.  Atmosphere is nothing great but and the staff are a little slow although friendly.  They do have happy hour which is a pretty good deal.
Only my second visit, but I'm very happy so far. The staff is very helpful. I like Dr. Wasserman. I'm hoping that they can help my headaches and neck pain.\n\nVery well organized office!
Incredibly rude staff. Wrong order was delivered and the lady hung up rudely for $1.50 of wrong order. Watch out ordering at this place these guys are awful.
It was \"ok\" there wasn't much of a selection and it was a little high priced! i might try this again. The server was very nice but wasn't very attentive.
The Loubie Bzeit appetizer and the Hommos Pocket are both very delicious. Definitely recommend for vegetarians.
Fantastic breakfast in Uptown Waterloo. They have a simple menu that's well priced, and great coffee to match the food. \n\nFor lunch or dinner you'll also find a simple but complete menu that matches the beer available on tap. From a couple in house brews to some local classics you'll find something you like.
One of my faves......the drive-through is usually pretty quick! The people are friendly and the drinks are perfect. There isn't ever much merchandise but this Starbucks is within walking distance to my house so I can't really complain.
Love this place. I drive all the way from Cave Creek just so my puppy can eat all natural. Thanks for not having sugar in your treats. Good puppy heres some sugar. Not anymore Thanks again. Dakotas fav's Stella & Chewy's duck treats.
Dinner buffet. Not 100% perfect but many things stood out and you could find a few things that were spot on. The Chinese duck was to die for. The Gelato.. Yum. For 24.00 it was a bargain.
Met up with some friends here, and I waited 20 minutes and not one waitress came to our table. One of my friends had to go ask the hostess where our waitress was before she came by. I didn't order anything because I didn't feel like waiting another 30 minutes for a beer. This was the first and last time I come here.
I had a great experience!  I went in with super long hair that I was just over and didn't really know what to do with it.  I saw Myra (sp?) and said \"help me!\"  She did an awesome job making my hair super cute.  She was really friendly and nice.  I would definitely go back!
I like the onion rings and the fries. But the burgers are cooked on a convaiour belt. I get sick from the greasy food when I eat there. I wish the burgers tasted fresher.  The service is mediocre as well.
Much better service than the Sonics I'm accustomed to (Vegas mostly), the food, not so much. Of course I can't complain, coming from So Cal, where there's one Sonic (in Anaheim) to serve a 100 mile radius, it's kind of a destination there. Here I'm spoiled. LOL
Gorgeous place to stop by and have a few drinks before heading out for the night. It can be a bit quiet, but the service is great.
Great for fast food.  Been here for lunch, not a big choice (chicken or chicken), but its good.
Great food and service with a friendly attitude.  I have been eating here for many years.  The food is consistently good and prices reasonable.  Yes, they only accept cash.  Also, they don't serve alcohol, but you can bring your own.  Lunch, dinner or take-out:  you can't go wrong with Giuseppe's.
Splendide hotel, les chambres sont magnifiques et le rapport qualite / prix est vraiment top !
It's always so clean! And there's always coaches to assist you if you need them!
I have ordered from Sassy Sal's in the past and the order has been wrong.  So hoping against hope we ordered again.   Guess what, order wrong again.  Last time we order from them.  Their phone help leaves a lot to be desired.
If I would put 0 I would.  My car sat for at least 20 minutes while others were dried and finished due to their total disorganization and lack of any professionalism on their lot.  I will not come back- just isn't worth an hour of my time for their mediocrity,
Love the outdoor patio!  The perfect venue for relaxing with music and a cold beer.
Great service & food!
Over-priced weak mall pizza
I heard the food is good. I will visit very soon
Freaking love Ikea !go here you will love it. if you have never been here, you are missing out and should go to buy some new furniture at decent prices because apparently you have been living under a rock.\n\nover and out.
prices are high, customer service is good. The guys dont know anything about vape. They are charging over 35 bux for a pro tank.. Nope. Their juices suck.
If I could give this -zero- stars, I would.  Bouncers were rude, bartenders were rude, bar backs were rude, music sucked.  AVOID THIS PLACE, waaaaaaayyy better places on the Strip if you're looking for a good club scene.
A-Mart has a great selection of different Asian foods from Korean, Chinese, Japanese to Vietnamese. The prices are pretty fair as well, which is great. The people who work there were fairly nice as well, which is always a plus. =)\n\nI will definitely continue to shop here! =D
I love this place. I had bad service once, but after coming back with my parents they had gotten it together. The food is always good, the drinks are fantastic and it has a homey comfy feel that really allows you to relax. I will be a forever customer.
The food was really awful.  Best part was the drink I had.  Service, bad.  Location great so no excuse!
Let's stop charging extra for salad, when a whole table has ordered full entrees, and ONE person orders an appetizer and you charge for a salad. And by full table I mean 5 meals were ordered!!! Grrr.
This used to be a good Burger King. Long lines of people at the counter returning food. Wrong food given to the wrong customers. Management needs to address the poor customer service. Several times found people practically bathing in the bathrooms.
Great place for a traditional American style and/or Filipino Style breakfast. The wait was reasonable. I recommend the red velvet pancakes.
I have to say I haven't had any issues in this Wal-Mart. Just don't like the feel of it. Of course the prices are fair but it is Wal-Mart.
The service here is amazing! Robert the manager is always super nice&makes my cream exactly the way I like it. Nick is super awesome! I highly recommend this DQ!
Too expensive! Casino owned (Harrahs). Double the price of a regular corporate owned Starbucks.
Checkout girl not trained well. Clerks tried to help, but lacked some knowledge. Overall nice folks giving their best.
I had the asparagus and oxtail with mashed potatoes.... I recommend them both! Great flavor! The cervix he is great as well! Chefs and bartenders are friendly and down to earth!
A great hidden gem in east mesa. The happy hour deals are great and the servers always recommend a great glass of wine. Great place for date night as well!
Fast, efficient and honest service. A bit pricey, but the shop nearby would have taken three hours minimum and cost more.
I had the carne asada burrito. It was pretty close to the best carne asada I have ever had. The service was great and speedy. I would definitely go back!
WOW!!! practically half price on everything compared to the chain stores.  Staff is always very friendly and helpful, and i've literally saved hundreds of dollars since I discovered this store just under a year ago!
It's not at this location anymore.  I'm not sure where it is - couldn't find it.
just bought a pair of hiking shoes there today. Good customer service, patient when I wanted to try a bunch of different kinds on.  Prices not cheap but also their quality of shoes better than a typical shoe store that selling hiking shoes. Wish they had more selection than they do but other than that, it is a good place to buy high quality sports shoes
Not bad,  nothing special though
It was so crowded and the line was so long. There was barely any room to dance on the dance floor.
A and w is, and always will be, the place to go for root.. beer. But their burgers and other fast food offerings are still pretty good. They now serve sweet potato fries, thick cut onion rings, and homestyle fries . They also happen to be my favourite fast food place for breakfast.
they no longer deliver...in room dining only.  Not going to patronize until they deliver again.  Just ridiculous they don't deliver.  What are they trying to do?
Amazing friendly staff, very clean... and the food was amazing!!! I cant say Ive ever had such great Indian food!! far from my house, but definitely worth the drive!!!
The best hawaiian food on the mainland.  The kalua pig and poi is sooo ono.  The spam saimin with a cracked egg from here can cure a hangover in seconds.  I go to vegas about 10 times and year and always eat here.
Delicious, friendly and affordable. Updated decor and family friendly. The items are al le carte. Warm bread served with the meal but no butter. The olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Music is mixed.
perfect 2 hours stage show. Great atmosphere, great Theater, great music.
I was here on business and went with some co-workers. Loved having a few pints here. Great atmosphere and decor (its filled with Irish and Halloween decor all year round).
Kind of disappointed in the hotel! I did not have a bad experience but I expected more! Staff was friendly! Rooms need an update! They are pretty simple and it's obvious they don't want you spending more time then needed in there! The casino is nice again friendly service! Their pool and fitness center was great!
Delicious breakfast.  We split the ultimate- tons of food and the hash browns were the best I have ever had.  Waitress was the nicest and best we have had in Vegas.  Definitely will come back.
Come here every morning! What's not to love.
Horrible food.Bad Service.Great location.Good for a beer or drink nothing more.The food is scary bad and disgusting to even look at.No flavor ,bland or dried out.YUCK!!\nDont plan on anything other than spending the night on the tiolet iafter you eat that food.
Great service. I'm a fan of the Belly dancing on weekends which can be fun when on the patio with enjoyable weather. I also recommend the Prawn Vindaloo if you want spice.
The food is just ok nothing special. I had the fish and chips I would rather them be battered and not Panko crusted. The service is just ok too. I did enjoy the cold beer.
Awesome place for an old pub feel with live music and good drinks. The people in there were nice and the waitresses are cool.
Kinda hard to find, but it's inside the main building in the Chinatown mall/plaza. \n\nThe boba is pretty soft. Milk tea with boba is decent, 3.5/5. The price is average.
the worst Mexican food in Nevada I guess were to far from California where you can get good Mexican food. Their sauces are so bitter with no flavor just bla. The service staff is good. too bad the food wasn't as good as they are good.
Fantastic Family Owned Thai place in the Vons Shopping Center. Friendly service and great food. We had the Pad Thai and fried spinach and I recommend both!
Good price ,but don't order over medium eggs or spinach. The eggs where raw and the water in the spinach wasn't dried out.
I've tried a few other pizza joints in the Tolleson area. This one is a winner. Just a good all around pie. Eat here!
I had mani and pedi done. Got in and out within an hour. Did a good job. Only compliment was it was a little dirty in there. Prices was good also. Only 45 for both and nails was gels.
The service here is complete crap... WTF? It's a bar, can I get a beer? Spend some money? Annoying...
Wound up getting married here after all!  On 6/23/2010 we utilized all my same ideas - and it was fantastic.  Better groom, same perfected wedding!
Waited twenty minutes for our food. After fifteen, the manager came out and yelled at the staff. A better idea would be to help them get caught up.\nOn top of that, the tortillas were drier than a popcorn fart. Next time...taco bell.
BEST chicken fingers, fries and RANCH in LV!! Comfortable, clean and friendly!! We have NEVER been disappointed... top notch visit after visit!!
Yuck!  I've been to Tasti D-lite several times and have always found it to be below average.  The taste and quality of the yogurt is poor and they charge a premium price for a very mediocre product.  There are so many better choices in the area!!!
i'm going to be nicer this time.\n\nwhile i still think the service is really really bad, if you're not sitting at the bar. \n\nthey do have cachaca (a brazilian rum) and they make an amazing caipirinha.
This place is good.  I split a full Montagu and a Hawaiian BBQ with a friend.  It was good, words can't describe it.  The tomato soup was also creamy and the croutons were still crunchy.  Definitely going to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
Fun atmosphere, great food.
Got together with some good friends for dinner here. Great cocktails and wine selection and good food. We had a great time and the staff was gracious enough to let us take our time catching up with each other.
Cool place, good food, horrible service. I want to like this place but the staff is cold and inconsiderate. Makes you feel like they are doing you a favor by letting you eat here. If service is important,  go somewhere else.
I love this place. I have been there multiple times and the food is always fabulous  I grew up in NZ, so pasties were part of my life... These live up to the real thing, are unique and delicious. I highly recommend.
i usually get sick from taco hell food but i love their caramel, apple empanadas. they taste like street fair food! so good!\n\ni also like their frozen lemonade-based refreshing drinks...
Better out there. Heck better 1 block away.
Very cute place on central. Like the art and dining set up.  I had Lunch of \"date me\" pizza and \"white parm & corn\" Mac & cheese both were pretty freakin' good. I love the eclectic food that burst of flavors!
Perfect staff! Lovely food! Casual neighborhood atmosphere! Great place!
Tourist trap! The decor and ambience of the club is pretty cool but other than that this place is nothing special.
Only ate here once for lunch.  The service was pretty good, but the food only mediocre.  I had some kind of chicken stir fry dish.  It was better than the Emperor's Buffet.  Prices seemed reasonable.\n\nThere are better restaurants in the vicinity if you have time to look around.
This has been the worst dinner I had at this place I know I came for the special, but we order a well done steak and it came out in like  3  minutes super dry and over cooked and service was not good at all
Good pizza and good fingers! What else can I say?! I've been here a few times and the quality is consistent. Friendly folks running the place too.\n\nDO IT!
BOTTOM LINE: I love the soup & sandwiches. I can bring my dog.
Really yummy! Hit the spot when I was craving some tacos and jaritos!
Easily my favorite Subway because it is always empty.  The lone person working in here will always be happy to have human contact and will help you out immediately.  This makes for a great experience, especially considering they will usually pile on the sandwich contents.
I wish I could rate higher as I think this is a fun fast food place and I love their wide range of dessert options. However, the location is dirty, the orders are never taken correctly the first time, and the staff are... Lacking.
Been trying for 30 mins on and off to order a delivery. I get voice mail and nothing else.
I went in here with my girlfriend to shop around. The owner introduced himself and was so kind to both of us. They had a great deal on a purse in the color she was looking for and will be sure to come back.
This club has a horrible layout and most tables r not private enough. We saw kalvin Harris here and he was a horrible Dj! So sad lol but the Dj stage and dance floor r very nice. But I would say five levels and a shitload of stairs is a horrible idea when alcohol is involved :)
Terrible Service
This CVS has a nice layout and has friendly employees.
Do not miss this place if you are looking for great food for breakfast or lunch.  The long may look long, but it moves very fast.  Service is great and the portions are huge.
Love it.\nGood Music, Good Staging, Good Story Line.\nNot exactly the most acrobatic but such a great show.
I gave this place another go because a friend bought it for me. Got the Italian. Made sure there was no dressing or mayonnaise. Still wasn't great.
Dualing Piani....er, pianos! Need I say more? Not to busy early in the week but standing room only on weekends! Good drinks, no food, and the perfect place to go with a crowd. Get there early though, or your crowd will be standing most of the night.
Great place to go when you need to find stuff for all the family back home. I found my usual shot glass and some other trinkets that everyone doesnt' really need :)\n\nStaff was helpful and chatty, which is always nice!
Service was very, very, very, very lacking.  Gave up and went next door to the Sports Bar for drinks. Restaurant only half full. Took 45 minutes to take dinner order. Took another 45 minutes for Oyster appetizer to come out.  And the food? Maybe they delivered it to China???
Probably the worst macayo's in town the food was terrible
Love this place! The food is spicy and delicious and the staff is really friendly. They have a few different locations which is nice depending on where you are at in the Valley!
This is one of the best BYOW in the area. The food is always good and the service is friendly. \n\nIf you're familiar with O'Thym, this should give you a clue as to what you can expect.
I just have to update this to say that they no longer have a minimum for credit card purchases.  Love their spinach and feta croissants!
My Haiku Review --\n\nRoll right in for the\nCinnamon heaven. The flat\nBread was to die for.\n\nGreat Eggs Benedict.\nEnjoy Wood Oven Baked Eggs.\nCulinary POW!
This place is not only not open during business hours but looks like it's shuttered it's doors for good...
SOOOOOO good and great service.
I love this place. It reminds me of a dream prom haha. It didnt take long to get in and it was free for us. I just love being a girl and being accompanied with beautiful girls. The music was great and the crowd was cool. Love love love it here. I'll see you soon XS.
Very, very good food.  Wow.  Fantastic room design.  Great crowd/////  This is the spot for a nice upscale dinner.
They laughed at me as I stared in.  \n\nNot really, but they weren't about to open the store either.  It had just turned 7:30 and that is the time that they close.  Oh...what to do?
This was a bit of a disappointment. The food wasn't bad, but it was pretty average in my opinion.
I Love this place. First you are always greeted with a big smile, it make me feel happy. Of course the food is great and the service is fast and very friendly. I love the lobster ravioli. My friends organized my birthday lunch there and it was fantastic.
Sunday afternoon before heading back to the airport was great. Jack & I met some really nice guys. Good mix of people and the tacos were good and cheap. Fun place!
excellent food and impeccable service..
If you at all a Frank Lloyd Wright fan you must take the time to visit Taliesin West. The place is beautiful and the 60 minute tour we took was just right. There are longer tours also available.
This store is great. The staff is helpful and most importantly knowledgeable. They offer nights for tasting and always have great beer on tap. For anyone getting into drinking craft beers or wines this is a place to go.
I was surprised to find this place so good. The restaurant itself was small, but the food was pretty good for the price. We had the salmon and an eel sushi box, while a friend of ours had the teriyaki shrimp. For an appetizer we had an order of crab rangoon and it was pretty yummy.
The sandwich was awesome.  The wait staff was really nice too.
The worst food ever! I thought I was going to get something fresh, but instead of that I got something that looks more like microwaved food. The egg roll was disgusting, and I had to throw it away. Never again!
The room was very clean and the staff was very nice. Went to the restaurant because we were told we got a discount for staying at the hotel. The food was ok but very overpriced.
Went to the Galleria mall, wanted to get my hair trimmed ! So I walk in to Regis & michelle did a great job :)!! This is a good place to go to ....
Good bar scene, food was real salty. The chef must not have tasted any of the food, or he would not have served.
This place is old, dirty and attracts an older crowd.  Not a good place if you are a young hipster.
Very good and affordable.
Nothing extraordinary about this place. I had a house salad and a grilled halibut sandwich. The place was clean, the waitress was nice, the music was a little loud especially in the bathroom.\n\nThat's all I got.
This is the old club 6. Friday nights would be the best night to go I think. Mixed crowd and music is not too bad. Saturdays here are a total different atmosphere with not so much of variety types of music. Overall this is one of the places I would choose to go out at over most of the clubs in the area.
This Get-Go is really good. Average number of pumps, good selection inside, right up Cochran from Giant Eagle itself, and you get Grocery Points for pumping here instead of next door at Sunoco. The cahiers inside are always really nice.
Typical Jamba Juice, though they did make our's special, put lemonade in it instead of peach juice.  Made it nice and tangy, thanks Jamba Juice.  Groupons are great!
This seems like a pretty hip place to hang out, grab a drink and people watch. So busy every time I come here and the parking is not too bad. A casual hangout and lots of groups come here as a meeting spot. During the weekdays a lot of students are doing homework but all in all, great service and decent place.
Best gyros I've had in the East Valley so far.  The place is nice, but the service was very slow when I went there with a group of people for lunch.  It was my first time there, and maybe I caught them on a bad day?  I'll definitely be back again...
Really good if you aren't watching your weight.  I like the sour cream dip with chips.  Sopapillas are really yummy as well.
The service here is amazing and the food is equally as amazing. The staff is friendly and the space is comfortable. A great place to eat!
What can I say except it's a sandwich.  Nice if you are in the middle of nowhere kinda like an oasis.
I'm conflicted on this location. On one hand, they are very close to home for me. The store is relatively clean. The service is ok. My main concern is the very limited selection of organic food. I would rather buy my organic food here, but often have to get it at the much more expensive Whole Foods. Pity
yummy, sushi the dynamite tuna avocado roll was so good, the crab sushi was so tasty and the \"J\" by the glass so so lovely! the chow mein was ok, I would go mainly for the sushi
I don't see how this place was voted best pizza.   Must be the voters prefer pizza without much sauce, not much cheese, and toppings only covering 14 inches on a 16 inch pizza.   It wasn't bad pizza, just wasn't good.    I guess there is a sauce & cheese shortage.
Fantactic food! And Anthony, the owner, is the man!
Great service, relaxed home feel to the place.  We just moved to the area and happy to find a nice little spot.
Worst most incompetent pharmacy on the planet. Twice, received a call that my script was in, only to be told when I got there that it could not be filled that day. Arrogant snobs as well.
I double checked to make sure we went to the right restaurant. I would rate the food as edible but not good. Very disappointing after reading all of the reviews. Wasted money on the cab ride in addition to the bill.
Food is ok for the price. Menu never changes though. Can get boring.
What a great shop! They did repairs on my 95 Honda Accord and tinted a widow! Great customer service and will be back! I was referred by a coworker to AZM and let me tell you what a great feeling it is to find a great local shop!   Yep Im a fan!
Manny from modern family was here
Good atmosphere but food portions are light.  Put some food on that plate.  On a positive note, Dani is a great server!
Why does your food have to be so good, Gordo?\n\nThe mini sliders with the applewood smoked bacon, welsh cheddar and garlic aioli were amah-zing!
Good location, and very friendly pharmacy staff. They were out of stock so they put in an order at another location for us so we could still pick it up that evening.
You will not find any bar in Las Vegas that has an indie and electro music and an underground vibe going 7 days a week.  The last Saturday of the month is Say What?! put on by IndieKrush.
I had \"build your own omelet\" breakfast special to-go. The food was good. The only issue I had was the food buzz to alert me never went off. Lucky, I went to check and it was sitting on the counter. :\\
Did not even eat here because the hostess was so pushy and annoying.  But turned out for the best because we decided to go to another restaurant and while waiting for a table, my gf and I played a slot machine and won $100 right before we got our table at FIX.  Thanks
I was happy to see they added chicken to the menu sorry to say it was tasteless and undercooked. The cole slaw was bad and potatoe wedges hard. We won't be back
Extremely rude staff. The service or lack there of was ridiculous. They just built a new location at Desert Ridge that I will NEVER visit because of this experience. Good luck making it there with service like this!
This is by far the best brunch place we've ever been to Vegas...\nbreakfast omelet and morocan sandwich just awesome....\nDefinitely going to be back.....^^
Chill atmosphere, cold beer, tasty tacos. \"The Standard\" is my personal favorite. And the rice..... be sure to get the rice!
The rudest customer service I have ever experienced!!!\nDon't know how they stay in business.
I'm not a big fan of this type of Asian cuisine, but I will eat once in a while. This place is pretty good. The tuna appetizer was very good. The place looked clean and the staff was nice. If you like this type of cuisine, I would recommend it.
If this was just a bar it would be great fun! The food is awful! So come to drink but skip the food.
Amazing burgers!
I usually go to the SE location.  But now that this one is so close to me work I am here at least twice a week.  Love the Poke express
Exceptional service!\n\nFoie gras was the greatest I have ever had.  Sides were fantastic, entrees delicious.  Awesome dining experience in every way.  Will definitely be back!
Great food, seasoned just right. Great service even though we came 45 minutes before closing on a weekend day! I had an omelette and hubby had the BLT. Pumpkin bread is the bomb.
Butter leaf salad was super good. Good for families and double dates.
Great cut! Great style. I really liked my beautician but it's such a huge place I don't know if I would go back.
Great little breakfast gem inside the GG casino.  Wish I'd found it on our first morning in Vegas instead of our last!
I love the hazelnut latte here! There is almost always a line, but they are really efficient and move the line fast. \n\nI only had the hazelnut latte here, but they have tons of options and ice cream too!
Broad variety from which to choose. They had in stock exactly what I needed, so I didn't have to hunt around for the product. I left as a happy customer!
You can spend alot of money here. The sales were awesome and the prices matched. The staff was virtually nonexistent. But that was okay. They stayed out of the  way to let us shoppers do what we do best. The store was clean and organized, and when returning to Vegas, I will definitely be back.
Traffic Jam!!! GET IN MY FACE!!! Sooooooooooooooooo GOOD!! I'm a big SAMMICH FAN!! This IS the place.
This place is pretty good except that they didnt have the flavor I was looking for.  Regardless, wont be coming back because of the flavor.
Bad service. Food still pretty good
This is a great place to get your haircut. I highly suggest the double MVP while high, you'll melt into your chair. Anyways I only gave them 4 stars because they have a fathead of Peyton Manning when he played for the colts. If they would update that they would earn my 5th star. Tiffany was my stylist.
Great yogurt and friendly/helpful service!
I like that they have a Men's Store. Staff was a ok although I felt followed around by them. I really like the Coach out in Morongo they store should Mirror that location and bring that to their Arizona locations.
Good meals between 5-7:30, soft drinks Half price. Burger was nice, but the portion of chips with it was small.  Still decent for the price.
The worst food...I had the BBQ mix plate and the chicken and Teri beef had no taste and the kalbi had a weird smell like it was borderline spoiled
Excellent food the price is comparable especially on the creole dishes. You have to make reservations if you want to get a good seat otherwise come before six o'clock.
Closed ! Probably to health inspectors .. disgusting inside , out dated , and wear junkies and bums hang out.. been many robberies here..
This place is just ok. I tried the taro boba a small amount for like $5 and some change so I thought it was a bit pricey for a small boba drink. It was pretty good. A cute little hang out spot for teeny boppers.
Running-Sushi mitten in der Abflughalle. Sieht originell aus, bleibt aber Geschmacksache.
Yummy and delicious... I LOVE the strawberry flavor. Melts in my mouth... Can't wait until they move to the Chinatown location by Monta Ramen!
Love this little Italian restaurant! After walking the city all day we were tired and starving. The comfy, home-style Italian food from this place was just what we needed! The waiter said that they stay open for as long as people come in, so it's a great place for a late night bite!
Online ordering is super easy. The food was ready to go when we got there. Tasty beef and broccoli! The orange chicken had a little too much breading and not enough chicken inside. Overall, a good experience and quality food.
My review is based off their chorizo and egg burrito, which is what I always get. Its not super greasy and it's delicious.
Wow, $5 for iced tea?  I don't care how big it is, it's water and tea leaves.  Come on now. \n\nI don't really understand how chains can break suit with airport and Vegas-like locations as far as pricing.
Nothing fancy, basic, good food, large portions, inexpensive, owner waited on us and service was good.
Gross food that tastes like is comes out of a can. I gag when I think about how nasty the food was
Overrated happy hour. It's not overrated in price but taste. The tostadas though. I could go crazy on those.
Not a very good experience. Went on a Sunday and it was pretty much help yourself. Seat yourself, order at the bar...and food was so- so with  an over priced bill.
Really yummy, good prices, and fast service. My fav dish is the eggplant tofu, it has a good spicy factor and an excellent sauce. The noodles aren't greasy or too soft. Delish!
This is the fancy Costco.  Well, nicer than the one on Elliot because it's newer.  This one also has a few items that other ones don't have like Hail Mary's vegan chocolate tartlettes, which are so delicious.
Great pizza! Fresh ingredients and friendly service.\nPlenty of tables too since expansion
Always awesome
I have been here numerous times. Every time \"John\" is there he finds a way to insult either myself or my wife. Dont get me wrong, I love their selection of books and other wares, its just \"John\" that turns me off of the place.
nothing like ordering bbq from angry folk with attitude and mediocre Q. AND Don't even think about asking for extra sauce. Never again.
I would not go to crazy about this place and give it a 5 star.  Yes it is very good and the cuisine is really tasty and their seafood menu is fantastic but all of that gets them a very good mark with some improvement in the value side and the staff responsiveness...
Place is awesome. I'm a huge fan of gyros. I have tried the lamb, beef, and chicken gyro. All amazing. If you love traditional Greek food, this place is for you. Staff is friendly, service is quick, price is cheap, food is bomb. A++
One word. Nasty! Take a walk to burger bar at Mandalay shoppes better service and way better food!!!!
Lots of seating.  Order at the counter and they give you a buzzer which rings when your food is ready.  Love the pick two options.   Oh and if you are  staying at the Springhill Suites they will deliver to your room which is a bonus!!
Do not come here on a Saturday afternoon unless you are prepared to wait for a long time. Otherwise the food is pretty decent.
I've been here twice and loved it! Also sent my sister here and they treated her well also. \n\nI went somewhere else once because it was slightly closer and regretted it. \n\nThey are nice here, will communicate with you, especially on price and they do a very VERY good job!
It felt dirty walking in, when they lady say us there was still food on the table next to us which we found to be gross. They took other peoples orders and served them even though we had arrived before them. Food was alright. Don't recommend
Had a very relaxing and thorough facial/micro. Will definitely be going there from now on. Highly recommended
Loved every part of our stay at Venetian this labor day weekend.....The Venetian and Palazzo are by far the best casino hotels in the strip...not to forget Tao Beach and Tao Night club......
What is the excitement about this place? The food is below average, a bit overpriced, poor service and a zero for atmosphere. Greek pitas and they don't even have lamb.
This place is so fire!!! Every time they nail it  with there hot subs I just love all the different kind of sauce  you get to pick out.
I was not that impressed with it. The beef and broccoli tasted weird. I dodident think I got my money's worth, and I wont be back.i expected more for $11.00.
Terrible service. Food was mediocre, deserts were inedible.
Football Sundays with Scotty!  Hell yeah!
Wave was very apologetic and has issued me a refund even though I never asked for one. Although I was not satisfied with the overall job juan is aimed a superior customer satisfaction, which is extremely difficult to find in business nowadays.
My girlfriend and I really enjoyed our visit. Friendly staff, well priced, and excellent ice cream.
The green tamales are delicious! LOVE THEM.
I visit one of the YC's locations almost every month. The process of picking your own ingredients and sauces, having them grilled for you, and the ultra fresh taste of food just cooked is unique. An amazing value at about $10! Their hot mustard sauce is spot on.
It's OK. Food is always only room temperature...have yet to have a hot meal there.
great place to watch almost any game & the friendliest & hottest bar staff....I'm a fan!
YUMMY!!! This place is phenomenal. It is Pricey. But if you feel the urge to  splurge, this is the place. The food is great, and the server's are very attentive. Yes server's... every table gets two servers.
Went here for breakfast on Saturday morning only to be informed that they only have breakfast on Sunday mornings from 8 - 11 am. Coffee was weak -- had them take it back. Very limited menu.
See my review under Inka Chicken.....without the Che.
I freaking love twin peaks, hot ladies,great food,the view of the strip is breathtaking.lots of tv's,ufc fights, prices are not that bad considering its the strip. It's a go to place for sure. I'm not surprised it's blowing up into more bars around the country.
Yummy warm savory crepes for breakfast. Pricy but delicious, vegas price after all.  Always a long line to order but food came relatively fast.
yummy !!\n\nGreat customer service (especially from the guy that took my order in the drive thru)\n\nAnd vegetarian options !!!! yay !!!\n\nfast, good, hot food !!! \n\nwill go back
Terrible service, the food was okay. Restaurant was empty but we had to wait 20 minutes for the waiter to come and give us food. We were literally the only customers.
im new to tanning but the girls at the front desk are sweet and very helpful! no wait, quick and easy.
I was cursed at, yelled at and hung up on. My carpet looked the same as it did before they did the job. I discovered later that they didn't use shampoo.
We had a SUPER good encounter with their somolier.  Made a really excellent recommendation and we loved the food.  The only reason for the downgrade is for the price, you are sitting right on a main thoroughfare in the hotel and it is super loud.
service was rude , the food Is not good . i do not recommend this place. dEbbie the waitress was not nice at all. very dry attitude.
First time here today, went there for take out, there was no minimum order required.  I had the black pepper beef.  It was really good, better than I had expected.  This will be my new place for Chinese food!! The lady working the counter was real nice and helpful pick out something.  Keep up the good work!!
So it's the exact same menu as their place on Power / Southern only $2 more expensive for every dish. They do have gluten-free soy sauce and everything can be made gluten-free on request, just like their Mesa spot.
The baked goods are outstanding! We had a cinnamon roll warmed up.  Went there both mornings we were at the aria! A little pricey, but worth every penny!
Very good sushi and great specials regularly.
If you are a pizza person. like me, this is okay chain pizza.
Can I give this 0 Stars? I guess not. Bottom line, there are no vegetarian options, the produce is really bad, the line was ridiculously long because there was only one cashier in the entire store. I am so disappointed in this Safeway and will not return.
US airways put me there at a \"discounted rate\" and it was a hotel like something out of psycho movies. the room was gross and the shower was disgusting. worst hotel I've stayed at in years. If I could, I would give them half a star.
Ehh...it was ok. Nothing special, and way overpriced.
Killer taco selection & happy hour.  You can't go wrong with cheap tacos & beer.
Great atmosphere. I love sitting on the patio on a nice day and the bar is lively. Lots of variety in terms of tequila, and the food is reliable. My regular choices are the ceviche and the salad with shrimp. I love their salsa also.
One of my all time favorites!  Everything on the menu has FLAVOR you will love!!
Awesome food! Kareoke on the weekends! Cheap and delicious pupusas. I liked the horchata and the chilaquiles too.
I love this place! Sure it isnt the nicest restaurant in Pittsburgh but it works for me. I usually frequent this bar when going to penguins games since it is right next to the deck I always park in. Good drink specials on game nights.
Expensive and definitely not worth it, this place has nothing going for it. I will not be back
Worst service ever. I had chunks of bone in my chicken burrito, and no one came to check back to ask us how the food was. On top of that the place was small and claustrophobic, there was 3 groups of screaming kids that echoed the entire time we were there. I would not recommend this to anyone!!!
It's decent food. We always get bun with grilled meat and shrimp with egg rolls. \nNothing spectacular.
Went there for lunch today and had a very good turkey and brie sandwich.
Do not waste your money . Sabrett dogs are old. Nothing is fresh.. The pizza taste frozen and we tried them AGAIN ... one more time after we were turned off last year .. still poor customer service and cleanliness...
Ordered delivery. Food was hot and fresh. Orange chicken was great. Combination fried rice was awesome, big shrimp in it. Only downfall was I got not sweet and sour sauce for my wontons. But food is excellent
This place always has a fun vibe and a great patio. Love meeting girlfriends here for wine and bruschetta.  Good service and nice atmosphere, a true staple.
Seated straight away, served very quickly and food came in a reasonable time. Staff friendly, good do.
Awesome meal! Salmon Rillette, seared Red Tuna, and the Lamb Burger were awesome! Everything was very tasty and simple not overwhelming tastes like some places! Our server Jo was attentive and knowledgeable had great suggestions for what we were looking for.
Very patient and nice. Some of their jewelry is affordable for the common person. I bought my girlfriend a necklace, a ring, and earrings there. Each time, I had great customer service.
Lai - is a great host. He made sure our party of 14 ladies got in without a hitch, and when we did have to wait in line,  he had us covered and in a nearby bar getting free drinks until we were let in. Great customer service. :)
Omg!!!! This place is the best!!!! I love the portions and the food comes out so quick!!! I love it when people around your table see what you ordered and are in awww over it lol!!!!
Most of the time the service at the bar is good.  Food is alright.  I enjoy a few of their beer selections.  Attitudes of the management could be a bit better though.  \n\nI also wish they had more selections on their small-plate menu.
Came here to grab a quick bagel but had to wait their computers were down. The manager could've announced it to those who were in line.
Been a regular here...Food is good  ...Lunch menu is quite cheap but quantity was bit less !
Birthday breakfast great place, the piglet's passion omelet is the best that it can get..filled with everyone's first love... meat, and the potatoes are perfectly cooked. You got to get there.
Great little place. The waitress (nicole) and cook (shorty) were both VERY NICE!  I'll definitely be back!!!
We have been taking our shoes for repair here for so many years. He's amazing and a very friendly man too, I recommend Cecil hands down!
Highly unprofessional to take reservations and then make your patrons wait. No apologies or explanations. Epic fail.
Clean dining room with a.friendly corpus courteous staff.\n\nFood quality was good, but it was a bit on the bland side.
This is my favorite mexican fast food place in the Old Town, South Scottsdale area, great flavor, good portion sizes. If you want something to finish off a night of partying in Old Town, this place will be open late for you!
Had great service and food. The calamari app was one of the best I've had. It is worth a visit.
We had issues with a misspelled name on our ticket and the staff was so helpful in getting it changed in a timely matter. Also, Jordan, one of our flight attendants, was the most amazing and pleasant flight attendant ever! Made everyone laugh and was very entertaining.
Save yourself some time and don't go here. So many good places around here and this place just isn't one.
LOVE this place. Larry does my hair as well as my husband's, daughter's and my mother's. Expert at the ombre and everything else under the sun. Highly recommend!
The wrath of \"Conn\"( the waiters name), means very knowledgeable waiter with beers, good burgers and the French dip...\n\nAsk for him
I can't find anything wrong with the place.  I good selection of food and desserts.  I ate for free with a credit from the hotel from a summer special offered at the website.  Even it it wasn't free, the price made the meal worth it, seeings as the food is better and more affordable then other buffets.
Another perfect massage from Celesst this afternoon!  Always a serene experience. Staff is more than accommodating.
Nice people. Good coffee. Good cold brew latte. Close to PARC Laurier. Don't know why my phone capitalized that... Anyway, the only caveat is the seating situation. It is limited and can be slightly awkward. I wouldn't stay to hang out, just grab a good drink and go.
The food is so so but, the desserts are outstanding especially the turtle cheesecake. I would rather eat at The Cheesecake Factory . Personally I don't see what the be deal about this place is.
Service GREAT!  But I've had better food in jail.  Nice view.  Speedy, Friendly and very kind but seriously so blah!
Sat with my wife for 30 minutes without drinks. Menu looks good and while expensive, it wasn't unreasonable. 2 other patrons stormed out while we waited... there were maybe 4 tables seated. Walked out. No wonder why it was empty.
Stopped by traveling from Los Angeles to Phoenix.  Great place.  Subs were the best.  The subs were freshly made and served warm.  Prices were very affordable.  The location was super clean everywhere.  I would recommend it highly.  I would definitely come back.
I wish I could find something really nice to say about this place.  Museums can be such wonderful places to visit.  This one isn't.  Oh yeah....I  thought of something nice....if they served taco's, it would make a GREAT taco stand!
Well I came back this year for Spring training to see if anything had changed, and suprisingly the sandwiches had improved.  They now offer peppers on their sandwiches and the meat and bread wasnt so dry.  I still think their are better cheesesteak places out their but for a latenight eat, this is about the only place open.
Over priced knock-off of other ubiquitous yogurt chains in the Las Vegas valley. Yogurt and toppings were fine but kinda expensive. Complacent employees and pseudo-hip decor was lame. There are better places to get your yogurt fix.
Highly recommend. Very honest & a very reasonable price!
Parking is a cluster if you come after noon. Come a few minutes before and you're golden.
This was our first time here and a party of six.  It was all presentation and no taste.  Lobster bisque was lacking in taste.  The lobster Cobb salad looked beautiful but again tasteless.  We won't waste our money here again.  Bummed.
One of my favorite spots in town. This place is amazing from the staff to the food ist incredible. The Po'boy Fish sandwich is really really good I get that and the Kiko i think... something along those lines is a breat burger.
A cute little salon with the nicest stylists. Krista is great, so good at what she does, and patient enough to blow out straight my curly long hair! Thanks girl! I'll be back soon!!
I'm new to the area so I decided to try this place out and I was not disappointed. Very very good pizza, very nice staff, and the cashier/server super nice and friendly!! Been there twice already and plan on returning again and again!!
They didn't post the wait time correctly.  Our waitress was good but my country fried steak and eggs were horrible. The steak looked and tasted like the \"steak\" fingers served in elementary school. Horrible. My over easy eggs were well done. The yokes were cooked through and through.
Excellent. Ordered the Korean spicy beef dish. It was great. Worth the drive. I will definitely go there again, for sure.
I came here around 12:40am. I forgot my id but had a picture of it on my phone. The guy that works at the bar said, no id you gotta leave. Basically he threw out customers he could have sold oysters to minus the alcohol. I do those this place already.
Only dined here once when Jose Navarro was the chef & Iginio was the ma\u00eetre d'; and I must say the food & service was outstanding.  Definitely a place I will return to again.
Enjoyed my stay here! I would rather stay here than any of the places on Fremont St. The rooms were clean and the service was high quality. Good pool, good casino, good food, good sportsbook. I would stay here again for sure
Large portions. Took a long time to get my sandwich and little seating at the shop. Definitely a call-ahead place.\n\nHad the grilled italian. Great flavor! Would definitely get again.
This is an interesting place worth the trip to Tempe. OK food, OK tap, OK service. OK atmosphere. Been back three times so far and will go back again.
We have had excellent food and service from other locations,  however, this location has continually messed up our online order and delivered at least 30 minutes later than the 45 minute delivery time. I miss the other locations.  This restaurant has lost our business.
Super nachos always hit the spot. Biggest burritos.
As always, awesome. A great In-N-Out location, perfect food for a great price. It's busy as you might think an In-N-Out might be in Vegas. Really busy. Did I say it was busy? But it's worth the ten minute wait inside. I think drive through might be faster, it depends.
Big menu.  Quick take out service.  Really flavorless food.  So disappointing.  It is hard to make take out noodles tasteless.  Maybe it is because we ordered it with no MSG?  I don't know, but I won't be coming back here again.
The store was absolutely filthy and the staff was rude. One would expect management to be polite, but the man I spoke to was even worse than the cashier, he was short with me and questioned my reasons for seeking the product I was in a condescending manner.
Wasn't good experience at all. Server seemed to not know what she was doing.  Had to ask for our toast twice. Water glasses were dirty with lipstick on the rim.
Italian food is my favorite and I love nice and soft bread sticks with their salad. Love eating at olive garden, but i thought this place didn't really have that good service that I usually get at other olive garden.
Went in for the first time yesterday and I am SO glad I did! \n\nLoved the Stracciatela and Blood Orange. Can't wait to go back!
Another popular coffee spot. Always busy, parking can be a problem since there are several business sharing the strip mall. \nFriendly staff and prompt service.
If you happen to be in Aria, it's a good pizza spot. Overall though...eh. Greasy pizza, good chewy crust, service is subpar. If you're in Aria and craving pizza then go. But living here, there's no need to go out of your way.
The food was good, but nothing extraordinary. My husband loved the chocolate shake.  Service was good.
The coffee isn't bad, but it's not a destination spot, especially with 21st Street Coffee two blocks away.  If it's raining and you're caught at the public market down aways from 21st street, it's worth the cup.
The sushi here was great! The yellowtail sashimi was excellent - morning dew roll was exceptional. Service was a little slow and prices a little steep but overall an amazing place to eat when shopping at biltmore
Nice locals spot
The scene on Columbus weekend was relaxed and uneventful.  We did enjoy hanging out in the lounges watching TV and playing PlayStation 3 in between laying out and hitting the hot tub.
Delicious food, and friendly owner and staff. Attention to freshness and quality. And simply a nice place to eat. Will definitely be returning.
Food was decent though not the greatest selection. it ended up not being worth the $14.99 we paid but we had fun. Also cool that there was thai food offered.\ntrans-friendly: B+ i think you might get static from any of the trashy people who seem to be in every chinese buffet.
Terrible service and snotty people! The food is average but for some reason Madison people go crazy for it. Their cheese curds are supposed to be the best but maybe people are only saying that because the rest of the menu is nothing to write home about.
Visited last week and was very happy. It took a few minutes longer than expected but it was well worth the wait. WILL return, next time in town.
Patio is super nice for brunch.  Food is good, not great the ambiance trumps that.
I like this Bashas, especially Karen, BUT THE STARBUCKS SUCKS! They screwed up my order of almost $20! Not cool.
Meh. The bread was cold, the bean dip it's served with was cold, the mushroom dish that was described as served over risotto was served over cold orzo. Didn't knock my socks off.
I was my late night dinner. The service was great and friendly.
It's a four star club in Las Vegas. Well designed, good door service, good bar service, good music.
Club royale was pretty good, but that's about it. Not crazy about potato chips. I would prefer fries, since the sandwich was almost $8.
Tacky. I arrived at this establishment at 10:00 waited in hopes the store would open. Finally, at 10:20 I left & will have to take my business elsewhere.
I ate at the \"Hoosier Cafe\" in Chandler, AZ.  The decor makes you think that you really are in Indiana.  A very friendly staff provided good service.  I would love to go again.
Call in order to avoid 30 minute wait on a small veggie pizza. Tasty but not worth the wait.
Wendy's is Wendy's. One of my favorites if I am forced to eat fast food. They were out of breakfast burritos, kinda upsetting because it was early in the morning. I was surprised by how good the sausage was ok the biscuit.
Ok burgers. Occasionally good food specials through out the week.
Terrible. Food was flavorless and we had multiple dishes that we ordered to try. Worse than Chinese food at the mall. Would not recommend.
Inedible. You get a lot for your money but no reason to eat any of it, not good quality.
I went to Meg today for a prenatal massage and it was easily one of the best massages I have ever received. Not only is she a sweetheart, but she was strong and very thorough.  I have full intentions of booking every month until this baby arrives and hopefully after.  What a relaxing experience!
Vegas calls for cold drinks and this is just the place to get them. When you're leaving the beautiful pool at Aria, an iced cappuccino is just the thing you need! There's also an amazing selection of gelato too!
Found Lorenzo's by chance.  Absolutely the BEST delivery pizza EVER!!   Can't wait to try the dine in service.
This may be the only video store to survive the Netflix era. They have the most obscure movies from alllllll over the planet. Pay the 20$ membership, it's worth it if you're a movie fan.
A nice place to get a bite to eat before you head out in the morning. Located right in front of the room elevators. \n\nService was much better at night than in the AM. Also, got a chance to see Metta World Peace eating there last week!
Great lunch and service. Ordered carnitas based on our sever's recommendation and it was excellent.
I thought this place wasn't going to be good, so I was very surprised when I enjoyed every tapa they brought out.  We ordered a huge variety and they were all great.  While our server was slightly disappointing slow he did explain the menu pretty well.  I may go back.
Had lunch there today. Waited for about 5 minutes for the host. Then walked to the bar area looking for someone to seat us...no bartender.  After all that I was ready to never come back.  But the trip was saved by the service of our server.\n\nI wish I could remember her name!
Lunch is delicious... Seafood pasta is not bad at all... The best part is they have reverse happy hour from 12:00 pm to 6:00 pm
I love this place!  I have tried almost every noodle dish on their menu and not a single one has disappointed.  The service here is also excellent for an Asian spot.
I like going there for drinks bc of good selection and I love their cheese curds. That's about it for me there
definitely a place to stop for a beer on the strip. The outdoor bar is really nice to sit at and relax after a day of walking. service there is pretty good.
Reduced hours for bowling!\n\nAMF has new ownership. Most bowling begins now in the PM. On Wednesday they're open at 4pm which does not work for us and the G'kids. Too bad. We have to look elsewhere to bowl that day.
We needed something like this in the Fitchburg area!  I love the daily specials - esp ladies night!  All around fun place to hang out.
This place brings back memories of my childhood in Korea. I love how they decorated the place! The food is also great! My favorite dishes are cheese chicken katsu, bosam and ramen dukboki. I also love drinking their yogurt soju!! MUST TRY EVERYONE!
Flat water down (!) beer, old soggy fries and cold food, sticky (!) table and rude waiter. Apparently not a good night.............\nStay away and try better local places than this dump.
id like more sales on a long weekend. been going here for years it could be better on the deals
I am a new rider and this shop helped me get geared up and I have been back four times and I have yet to find anything negative with the shop.
If you're looking for a great meal, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE!!! Their Food is ok, their  service is horrible and all their meals are both appetizer sized and over priced. The service was the worst i've ever had.
It's ok, quality . Service was below par, although they were really busy. Fries were good and endless I guess that's good.. But, I was looking for a good burger, too bad I didn't find it here.
Anyone who gives this places more than 3 stars is a moron. It's been almost a year since I ate here, and I still have nightmares just thinking about it ::shudder::
My business partners always insist on meeting here. The food is horrible and the drinks are average price.\n\nDecent atmosphere and nice enough servers though. Not sure what else can be said. Have eaten 4 different meals and not one was remarkable.
A few of my friends and I had a late night bite here on Saturday.\n\nItalian sandwich: 4/5 - It was still good when I ate it the next day cold.\nService: 3/5\nAmbience: 2/5
I'm not sure why this place has only 2 stars...they have always done a great job on my car. Today I got the whole works with a hand wax. Price 39.99. I can live with that and my car is clean and shining again. I'm happy!
My husband and I went here for the first time. It was a good and classy crowd. There wasn't many topless ladies which was a pleasant surprise for me. Great dj and really good drinks. Girls are free to get in but guys are 30$.
Yardhouse is one of the best Happy Hour's in Vegas.... Right before the Welcome sign in the heart of town square shopping mall this place is a gem. Best beer selection in town and great prices on everything.
First time here and very satisfied! It was definitely worth the 1 wait!!! You will not be disappointed!! I ordered the Hells kitchen burger with the spicy mayo... Omg to die for!! \nThe staff and service was amazing!!
Easy drive through visit.  Fast service and exactly as ordered. I got a double cheeseburger with only ketchup. It was prepared correctly, and tasted as expected.
Giant place - it'd be interesting to see it sometime actually filled with people.
Average taste and price. Smaller gyro than other Greek restaurants. Way the heck in the boonies. Unless you live close, there are better places to go. That said, it wasn't horrible and I would eat there again.
Love this place.   Buffet that included beer and wine (lunch and dinner)   . Good price.     Kofta and  Thai curry  my favorite.
Decent, nothing special.
We love RPC!! We have been here for nine years and just love Pastor Bill's sermons and the worship here! Our son loves the Children's ministry and we are so happy to be a part of the RPC community!
Suffice it to say that Tyler has more confidence than skill.
Lunch today, crispy gnocchi & Cheeseburger with fries.  Both solid dishes however the sauce with the gnocchi was a little flat.  The menu however was loaded and demands that we return soon.
Yellow Monkey Rolls = yum. I like to go for lunch just before I pick my kids up from school , mom's treat time.
We went here a week or so ago after purchasing a Groupon.We got the bulgogi ($25) and kimchee soup ($10). The food was fine but over-priced. I don't think I would go back. There are better Korean restaurants that are more reasonably priced.
Very exceptional dining experience. The best in my book!\n\nI cant wait to come back and try a different menu.\n\nRECOMMEND, COMPLETELY!!
Never come back, cheating cheating cheating.
I used to go here all the time when I was younger.  I went (after the bar) with a few friends as a joke one night and it sure was different.  I remember it being packed on Friday/Saturday nights and there were maybe 30 people there when we went.  Of course, nothing is ever the same as when you're little.
Fit me in on a Saturday, my time was less than quoted, and the price was too!.  Can't get any better than that!
I just don't love it. I think the average price of a pair of jeans is about $210... high perhaps?\n\nAlso, the store has a pretty small selection - their website is much better.\n\nHowever, I do have to say the staff was really nice.
It just seems to be an experienced based on who is working. The want to be military general, or the guy that realizes he is just a poorly paid security gate guard.
Pikolo coffee is good no doubt, quick morning service, great location during summer ...you can seat outside enjoy the sun and parc ave, friendly service and affordable
If you are a tourist, this is not \"authentic\" az mexican food, but will hit the spot.  We usually get the lunch flauta plate.  Good Deal for A-OK Eats.
We love this place! we are so happy to call ourselves regulars there :)\neverything is exceptionally reasonable. the service is fast and friendly. truly a hidden gem!
Was really disappointed when I got here seems like this hotels all hype nothing special average hotel nothing crazy expected way more also rooms were supper small
Sherry is amazing!!! She delivered our son yesterday and everything was PERFECT!!!  We couldn't be happier!!! Thank you Sherry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Meh. It was OK. Wayyyy too much mayo on top of one of the special rolls. Fortunately they let us have happy hour pricing 10minutes before it ended. Otherwise I would have given it two stars. Recommended by a friend, she must have had something else. At least the sushi tasted somewhat fresh.
We've done lunches here for our office and they are outstanding, so I went for dinner and drinks with a girlfriend.  Our food was outstanding and Soooo much of it.  It was crowded, but somehow noice wasn't crazy.  We had a great time, great food, great drinks!
2 stars cause they got rid of my fav panini the turkey artichoke!!!!! So I asked for what would be close to it. The lady said chicken frontenga. It was cold!!!! This has turned me away from paradise. I don't think I will be going there any time soon
The best service of any convenience store. This one is on par, for me, with Carleton Ave Grocery (Georgetown, WA). (Check my other reviews)
Family special, prime. The meat is amazing, even the cow tongue, which I'm normally not a fan of.
I guess you people never had real Vietnamese food before. \nThe food tastes like it came straight out of an instant noodle pack and the service is atrocious!
Good choice of ingredients for your taste buds. Sloooow service. Clean place.
Incredibly slow, worst club I've ever had...hilite was the tortilla soup. That was actually edible. Waiting 40 minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable. Especially when we were the 2nd table seated of the day.
Specifically: The Mekong Bakery.\n\nSo cute inside, and so YUM. I love the honey bread.
Nice movie theatre, all big and pleasant with stadium seating and all that.
Super rude. Took my mom's car in and they stole her phone charger. Also pushed a variety of flushes needed and never called us when the car was ready.
Excellent work -- completely satisfied with the job they did.
I had lunch here a while ago and it was so medicore i forgot to give  them a medicore review food was average service was a touch below that and prices were out of balance w/the other two factors
My new favorite. I'm a regular.\n\nVeg board, wine coolers, and Old Chub all day everyday.
I love Paradise Bakery.. I operate a small graphic design business and enjoy getting out of the office to work. Paradise Bakery is very accommodating.. they don't seem to mind when I spend a few hours there.. The staff has been awesome and the food is always excellent.
Merry-Ann's Just doesn't do it for me.  I'd just assume walk to Subway or Peking Garden when I'm looking for a cheap lunch.
Stayed here a couple times. Honestly palazzo is better deal to me/: the only thing I like more is the day pool here(:
Great burgers!!!! Everyone was so friendly and it was an enjoyable atmosphere!!! My favorite part was that they had orange blooms on tap! AMAZING!!!
Beautiful, awesome, exciting, fantastic and wonderful scenery. This was the first stop on the club crawl tour. The music was great and did I mention how awesome the scenery is. Clean bathrooms and friendly club staff.
Horrible enough said and they have the nerve to sale chicken and waffles. If I was the food police they would be banded from making horrible chicken and waffles
Downtown Phoenix newest place to see dude on dude action. Service was horrible tonight we had 4 waiters come up to our table each taking our drink order. One of the waiters gave us a fuck off look when we asked for a menus.  15 mins later when one of our waiters brought our drinks my beer was luke warm.
I got the car and rates I expected and they were cheaper than the rest.  BUT so did the 20 people standing in line ahead of me I imagine.  Absolutely no other rental place had a line and Payless had a huge one.  I would have spent the extra $2 a day to avoid the big wait when I got there.
Love this liquor store. If you don't want to go all the way to Friar Tuck's, this Piccadilly is larger than the others and has a deep selection. Also, the staff hasn't changed for years, and they are very helpful. They also have tastings here on weekends.
They're not renting Kayaks from their Tempe location \"right now\" they say.
It's always fun snagging that last plate of a selected dish when someone wanted it down the way.
We had a group of 5 excited to dine at a buffet on the Las Vegas strip. Unfortunately, we picked the wrong place. The food was subpar and luke warm. Not one item made any of us go back for seconds. It was disappointing to say the least. I would never recommend this spot. What a flop.
This is a convenient location for my haircuts.  Wait time is usually little.  The staff is very competent and friendly.  The price is good.  What more could I ask for?
CUSTOMERS BEWARE..this place has THE worst customer service ever!!! The owner and his family work here are and need customer service training badly. \n\nThe employees \"Niru\" and \"Palak\" yell and scream at customers and show no respect. Very very disappointed!!
It was good pho but overpriced.  Paying for the convenience of staying on the strip and not having to drive to China Town.
Just very bad all around.   Checkin was complicated, charged for a standard carrying and crew at departure gate was CLUELESS!!!  Extremely unprofessional with lots chaos and loud conversations in what looked like a very standard boarding group!
Was very disappointed with the food, the hamburger was small and not so hot.  Cooked well but not flavorful, the fries were cold and soggy,  The only redeeming quality about the meal was the service was friendly and attentive, A little expensive for a hamburger,
Love this store.\nAlways receive compliments on what I'm wearing and happy to tell people about Revolve.  Why pay full price???  Check it out!
Good stuff nuff said. I never leave this place with out a happy belly. =)
The food is delicious and amazing. The service, not so much. I am never greeted with a smile but rather rushed through and these employees seem to think they can predict what you want on your food and slap it on there until the words can escape your mouth. Sahara location is much better.
Not very exciting at all, and definitely over priced.  I would only eat their food if someone paid for me to eat it and I were desperate to eat that day.  The ground beef had a bizarre flavor.
Talk about a waste of space!!! Slow service, unfriendly customer service, and a dirty location. They are usually pretty busy, but the wait is crazy use to how slow the workers are there! GO TO ANOTHER LOCATION!!
For a home style weekend local breakfast joint, this places kills. Great friendly service. Potato slices are interesting and the large whole eggs are a beautiful bright orange color - showing their good quality. Avoid the steak though.
Jean Philippe ... please start investing little on your to go boxes. I got sweet trio to go and found all caramel out side of Creme Brule because the box in which it was packed was too small. I have seen small cupcakes shops doing better job in packing pastries
I dunno, I was drunk when I got there.  It's amateur night there every night! They have a mechanical bull.  You might find yourself looking up at the sky wondering if it was 8 seconds.  Trust me it wasnt.
Real good pizza nothing bad to say about except that I don't have one near home. Great crust love the wood oven fired cooking nice guy behind the counter. Good value for the money. I will be back.
I love this place. .. It has great service and their food is so yummy!  They are known for their Hawaiian style flavor and yummy jajjangmyun!!!! It's worth it to come here! !! Everything is delish!
Ok this is the way to get to Vegas, and this is the tourist mecca.  It was glitzy years ago but is now a bit divey and not so easy to get around.  I am not sure how else you would get to Vegas unless you want to brave the drive but the airport will not be the highlight of your trip.
The margaritas and chips and salsa are always perfect. The entrees are not consistent along with the service.
First time there. Really enjoyed the coconut shrimp and the fish tacos. Will definitely be back. Service was great, especially since its a fast casual style establishment.
The bread seems to be a little bit on the dry side the salad a little bit soggy inland not Crispy like it should be I found out that they don't hire male waiters whatever you want to call them strictly reserved for women I don't think that's fair so I will no longer be a patriot at this location.
Simple cafe that does it's job. coffee, pastries, etc.  There is nothing overly unique or spectacular about this place.  If you're nearby and you want a coffee this place will serve its purpose.
Love their crepes and no nonsense sandwiches.\nEspresso drinks are great too.   Great place to bring a laptop, \nenjoy brunch / late night cake and watch beautiful people passing by on St Catherine.
Poor greeting at the front, we waited and waited for our server, and am starving waiting and waiting for the food. Hope the food is good.\nUpdate: requested burger medium well; it was medium. Fries were cold. Based on attitude, server was having a very bad day.
Had my first haircut at Tony's today. Great job! Tony is very professional and courteous. Very good price too. Had a great conversation during the whole process. I highly recommend this place for your next haircut. :-)
This location has baristas who know who I am before I even reach the window. \n\n*Friendly staff\n*Helpful with the ordering (we know it can get complicated)\n*Rarely gets an order incorrect
Mediocre mexican food! Delicious but not outstanding. Crispy taquitos. Fresh tamales. And crunchy chimichangas! Try their Baja dip!
food is good but the waiters are mean as heck though. $6 for a shirley temple!!!!
I love this store! It's one of my favorites in Chicagoland. Better prices for fish, soy, and oils than regular stores. I feel so lucky to have this ZBA International Grocery in my neck of the woods!
A very efficient double-decker bus that runs loop from the airport through the city.  It's moderately expensive for a bus, I thought, but the plentiful space for bags inside and the limited stops it made are advantages over a city bus.
Character; Cool, Crazy, Creative, Comforting...Character! \n\nA must visit for any Trip to the Strip!\n\nTry the house stick with the Corojo wrapper made by Oscar...awesome sauce!
Apparently this place has reopened in Surprise.  And it is now reflected on their website, which it didn't before.  I still wouldn't go there because I didn't like the food but maybe I caught them on a bad day.
The food was awesome.  The Gouda Mac and cheese is perfect.  The mussels were awesome and the bison burger.   Our waitress was not so good.   She was unapproachable and not friendly.  E. Hess was the server on the check.   Would avoid her.
No comparison to Panera!!!! Salad is a bowl of lettuce and hardly any toppings! The best part of my meal was the oyster crackers!!!
My husband and I both had the windows on our vehicles tinted by DC Auto. The work was amazing, as was the customer service. They got the job done quickly and the price was great. I would definitely recommend them to anyone wanting to get their windows tinted.
Fast and professional good job
Located at #SkyHarborAirport Terminal 4 level 2
Flo's is good, not great. Killer lunch specials on Saturdays, 5 bucks. It's loud in there, and the service is OK. Can't get too excited about this place, but it is right around the corner from where we live, the only bonus for me.
Updated experience as we now live in the Cityscape Residences above the Hotel Palomar. We love stepping outside right into the middle of our city. We sold one car and ride our bikes, hop on the lightrail or walk to wherever we are going.
As much as I like the breakfast at McDonald's, I will no longer be going to them. WHY? One reason, their Wi-Fi. It is without a doubt the absolute worst on the planet. Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks are fantastic but McDonald's is very, very, very bad.
Dim sum is just not good in Vegas. I would not come here again, but then again I probably won't ever get dim sum when I'm in vegas. \n\nThis place is dirty and not authentic.
I been here about 8-9 times already and I feel like the quality is different every time every visit varies if their busy or not , usually when their busy my food isn't at the same quality as when it is slow \n\nOverall I love the food and selection of milk shakes
The barley soup was the saltiest soup I have ever tasted.  Salads and hummus plate are severely overpriced.  If I ever come back, I'll stick to the burgers.
I live their martini options, and a plus is their half off drink from 3-7 for happy hour !!'
Horrible service and inaccuracy. Nowhere near the standard of other restaurants in the chain. It seemed like it was all trainees working. Will avoid this location for sure
Wonderful everything.  The food was great, service friendly and nicely paced, loved the patio seating, soft music.  Tried their wine tasting option available that night with dinner and it was just the extra perfect touch.  We have added this very nice locally owned to our preferred list (a very, very short list) for our pleasure and out of town company.
Gyros look awesome $7.50 combo meal!
I have been to this Dollar Tree location on a number of occasions and I have to admit it's one of my least favorites in town. They rarely have a good selection and more often than not I walk out empty handed.
I recently found Glow for waxing and skin services. What impressed me the most was the knowledge and expertise that Jessica has..she is a great aesthetician that was able to answer all of my \"why\" questions.  I won't be driving to Scottsdale anymore!
Pretty good happy hour
Yay! Sephora is finally here!! This is the only reason I decided to return to JcPenney. I was pleasantly surprised that things have once again been changed to include sales. In fact it seems that the whole store seemed back to normal with sales and clearance. I may actually start shopping here again.
I have been a member here for about 8 months and think its a pretty solid gym. They have almost everything you could ask for in a gym but unfortunately it gets so pack between 3-7 that I would rather just sit at home instead. But I have changed the time of day that I go to earlier in the morning and I enjoy it much better.
If you like Guy Fieri, you'll love the food. If you love food, you may not appreciate the service or the lack of consistency in the product.
overpriced in all aspects, great facility though.  unfortunately this entire shopping location is full of douchebags.
I thought it was just OK, not sure if it was the ambiance or what. My Cow Jumped Over The Moon was pretty good, but for some reason the place didn't strike me as somewhere I'd personally frequent. Worth giving a shot, for sure (and bring a bottle of wine)
Stopped by last week with my fellow yelpers. I was a little late cause I heard the craps table calling me. I got the Sprinkle Special and it hit the spot!! It was my first time out here and it won't be my last.
Free coffee while you wait! Food looked and tasted fantastic!
david and his crew are as knowledgeable and helpful as you could imagine, offering expert advice related to any wheel or hub cap issue. you may anticipate being treated fairly in every respect. try them and you will join their legion of fans!
We went here for happy hour a couple weeks ago, but before I could even write a review, they were closed! Yep, as of June 2013 - CLOSED!
Totally mediocre pad thai.
Overpriced. Overhyped frozen hot chocolate was not what I expected. Actually it was quite disappointing. It tasted very watery and half of it was whipped cream. Also the food is extremely overpriced. Not coming back here.
Order 3 items. Nothing was served until I asked their server again. Still waiting for my last item. Btw their pho is just so so.
This place is just okay.  Not very authentic korean...I tried the kimchi dolsot bibimbap because everyone said it was very good.  If you really know really good korean this is definitely not authentic.  My husband had a combo bento plate and his was alright too.  Will not be returning.
Food was good first time. Second visit I was by myself. Was seated and watched a dozen waitrons pass me by for ten minutes, then I left. Called to tell them why and the lady said she'd comp me if I came back, but my mood was spoiled. Life's too short to give business to a rude place.
Best hotel we have ever stayed at!! Will recommend to everyone and anyone!!! You are right on the strip with out being within the chaotic drunks and craziness!  THE BEST FRONT OFFICE STAFF EVER!!! Cant wait to return and enjoy another pleasant stay.
I love supporting local shops and this one is one of my favorites.  We love coming here for unique gifts, books, story time, and puppet shows.  They even have an improve night!  What more can you ask for in a bookstore?  Oh, that's right... they also sell new and used books!
Cute little shop near ASU campus. They have fashions from local designers and products for a cause like Tom's that gives a pair of shoes to a child in need. Just walking around I found items for myself and gifts for my friends. Everything is reasonable priced also.
The food is basic coffee shop fare, with breakfast served 24 hours.  The service was alright, the wait for food was a little long but not terrible.  The quality of the food was not on par with the price we paid.
Probably one of the best, if not the best place to eat in Southern Highlands. The food was great, nice atmosphere but the service was a little slow. . We usually go at least once a week. They have a very good happy hour and a nice bar as well. I would highly recommend this place to anybody and always take family and friends.
Good food with a great environment. Came here for lunch, ordered a sandwich, and left with a satisfied belly. However, the food can be really oily, especially the sandwiches and fries.
This place was AMAZING!!! Went with 4 friends and did the Omakase for 2 and then added some other dishes we wanted. The meat candy is a must have. We missed the happy hour which I'm sure is impressive as well. The inside is well decorated and updated. Great service and great plate presentation.
They really do a great job here, and my boxer KING loves to come in before he goes out on the road to show.
Awful. Been in line for over half an hour now. Only 8 lanes open out of 26. If it werent for it being a gift it would not be worth the time.
We braved the wintry weather to visit this \"must eat\" place. Unfortunately, it was a let down. The meat has a nice smoked flavor but isn't really anything amazing. The rye bread is plain and the fries were very greasy and limp. Was hoping for better. Cash only.
The chicken tastes blandfully artificial, but what should one expect from Subway anyway?
Come on McDonalds, you can do better than that!  Last week I ordered an Egg white Delight and got a regular Egg Mc Muffin, today I ordered an Egg Mc Muffin and Got a Sausage mc muffin with egg. Not sure if they just throw whatever has been sitting there the longest into your bag or what.
The food and atmosphere are great. My husband got a rack of ribs and was completely pleased with them. My sister got a brisket on a Texas toast and it felt apart, great flavor.
We went there for lunch - $18.99 per person. Cheap quality food and little selection for the price. The environment and service was average and there's no theme or specialty.  Just a plain old buffet place.  It's average of the average.
Delish but pricey for dinner - but really delish.  Great coffee/breakfast, no pricier than Starbucks and much, much, much better food!!!
Pizza ok and definitely not worth the wait...NO TAKE OUT SERVICE really guys come down off your HIGH HORSE.
Avis has tenants in the parking lot to give you a receipt, Hertz does not.
One word, \"BUFFET\"..Crab legs, Crab legs, Crab legs.  Sooo good!!
This is consistently one of the slowest Starbucks I go to. There seems to be constant turnover in staff. Quality of products are similar to all other Starbucks
Love this place, great portions and great prices. I've never had anything I didn't like. Staff is always friendly and and always seem to be enjoying their job and seem to actually care whether or not they are putting out a quality product.
Friendly lady behind the counter, tried a handful of samples. Ended up taking up a cup of peach and coffee almond fudge. Very unique flavors and genuine ingredients. The peach has a great texture.
This place is great.  We've been several times for drinks and dessert and once for dinner and always had a tasty and relaxing experience.  Great food, great service, great wine and drinks, I definitely recommend.  If you go here, plan to indulge and spend money but it's worth it.
Horrible customer service! Malissa the manager would rather have a 2min + conversation about counting her daily calories then acknowledge a customer or even properly cash out a guest.
Vincent and his partner did an excellent job today cleaning my windows inside and out. They were punctual, professional, and careful. As my husband stated, the windows looked brand new!!  Great job!
The food is good but the service is horrible I had my oder messed up so many times that I stopped going. The owner needs to teach his girls  some people skills as they need to know customers aren't coming in because of them.
Haven't been to the buffet in 4 years because it got so bad. Tried it today, and everything was awful, the dessert was the only thing tasty. Every station I went to had empty bowls, I asked if there was anymore fried chicken and was rudely told it wasn't ready yet. Will NEVER be back
Always great to visit this Apple Store. Totally helpful, cool staff! \nFrom buying a Fitbit bracelet to anything Apple. Great Service!\nI want the new larger iPhone - larger will be so much better!  6 plus in December. We hope!
Just went their for the late night meal.  T-Bone steak for $9.99 you can bet that deal and it was 24 four hours.
Service is slow but I guess they catching our cow because my friend and I ordered tbone steak. Boy it was well worth it. Everything was delicious. Service was excellent.
Matt fixed me up with a set of American made Goodyear tires for my Crown Vic. and I couldn't be happier. Out the door for less than $400. Great service. Tires ride quiet and smooth. Can't beat it with a stick!
Nothing special, over priced, took 1- 1/2 hours from start to finish.  My bun was dry the top feel off.  The burger fell apart.  My life liked her Philly sandwich.  Two sandwiches, 1 onion ring app., and two ice tea's = $40.00 without Tip!
Tried the blueberry corn muffin, the corn bread part was super dry and the blueberry part was super soggy ! Also the grill doesn't open till 7 and I came in at 630.
Bruschetta was excellent! Very good wine selection. Nice atmosphere, and not so loud that you cannot hear your company. Waitstaff is attentive and well-versed in their product. Good music, my boyfriend and I had fun playing name the artisit. No complaints!
Tourist trap... of course lol every shop or spot on the strip is.. what do you expect? Its Vegas.. we came here any way to do some light exploring and we wanted souvenirs so this was the perfect place to go. 4 floors of anything you can think of with the M&M logo on it.
The only thing holding this back from being a five star review is the bad service.\nGreat beers on tap.
My husband had what her said was the best prime rib he has ever eaten.  I had the crab cakes, which were delish!  We would have given 5 stars, however, it can be very noisy.
Nice staff.... down hill from there. Food dried out. If you paid 7 or 8$ for the meal then maybe it would pass but for 14.95 not worth it at all. Save your money to gamble, go to mcdonalds to eat....
Great pizza, great people, great place. Do not drive by this place. Phoenix is very limited in good pizza if you are from back east. This place has it right.
I had ordered a bowl of pork.  The meat was cooked to perfection, and filled half the plate.  The other half was carbohydrates (rice).\n\nI will be nice to get a greater proportion of meat than rice.
I can only compare to one paintball park, Paintball At Vogelweh R&G Club. So far the 2 times here it was a ton of fun. Divided by fields and one of them is huge with broke down helicopter, busses, etc. Highly recommend!
it's one of my favorite places to go. a real unique experience with a interesting asian fusion meal. dope music and the black and white videos playing. and of course the beer pong table. 28GO all day
All I wanted was a freaking awesome tasting burger and that is what I got! I also ordered the homemade potato chips and did not want to share it with anybody. They tasted so good. The service was awesome. Love the free peanuts and bread while you wait for your meal. What a clever idea.
I come here for my redbull fix.  They now sell 19oz redbulls.  It helps me get through the rest of the day.  Love it.  Can't wait until they start making the 40oz redubll.
Pam does my nails here. She is amazing! Every time I ask her to use gel, she uses real gel not the powder that some people like to pull off as gel. I can show her any picture and she does it. She is amazing.
The food was ok..but the staff there were just horrible. It was like a bother to them to take our order and get our drinks...Will never go back to this place. Just aweful
Way over priced for small portions of mediocre food and dry burgers... Thier shakes are good though but that's it
Lame reservation policy- needs to be 4 hours ahead or you have to just show up. I think if you have the availability you should make the res. had a small party- now they lost the business- dumb
Someone needs to taste the food before serving it because nothing had flavour. I was hoping from the reviews for those deep rich flavours synonymous with Mexican food but this just ended up with bland tasteless food.
Decent selection of stuff, but typical of Safeway, they rarely have anything on sale. But the real real big complaint I have is they never have enough cashiers. 1 cashier open until it's 4 deep and you're waiting forever. It's probably worth saving the aggravation and drive the extra mile to Frys.
I Love the Empanadas. This is the place to get the best in town.
$5 for a flaming D P. Great deal and delicious. Patio seatings the way to go when enjoying happy hour. Also a great place to watch games. Great investment Mikey Bidwell
Had the burger as part of our groupon deal. It was very competently done. The garlic fries were excellent. Service was very good.
Great atmosphere. Waiters are very into their menus. I really enjoyed the Pork Poterhouse. Wife was less enthused with the quail. Good trendy place.
Worst place ever for alterations. They ruined 4 shirts and two pairs of pants. They took out to material and didn't leave enough room for future changes. \n\nStay away!!!!!
Wasn't impressed. Poorly seasoned steak and slow service. All of the food was just ok. So many better options out there. Quite disappointed.
With the help of MyVegas Slots, i enjoyed a very nice and comfortable room. Staff was very courteous. Hotel was very clean and although we ARE in Vegas, I just wish there was a little more heat provided into the room!
The donuts are hit and miss, but when they're a hit, they are oh-so-good.  The coffee is tasty and a great deal.  The service is fine; nothing has ever really stood out as especially good or bad.
One of my favor off the strip secrets when I'm in town. I try to make it iut there every trip. The food is amazing I usually only do brunch which puts me into a coma. The drinks are good as well...my favorite has to be the Cornbeef Hash and the Chicken and waffles.
The friendliness factor needs a lot of work as well as just having manners.   Also many display windows were dirty.\nStill a beautiful museum but hire friendlier more mature minded employees.
The spring rolls are cheap and tasty. My favorite is the Spider Roll, which has soft shell crab. They have Pho, sandwiches and salads. They also have a bar.
We keep coming back! Can't get enough of this place yet...
This is what a buffet should be!\nWe went here for brunch and everything was delicious and atmosphere was decadent. Can't wait to go back here for dinner next time we're in Vegas!
There was one person ahead of me at the register and one person in the drive through and they got all of our orders wrong even after the three staff behind the counter stared and stuttered at each other for twenty minutes.
Great sushi and atmosphere. Say hi to David for me. Party with him and have a saki bomb.
Nothing Rapido about this place and it's a total rip.  If I'm getting an $8 side salad or a $3 meatless taco I should at least get it in a reasonable amount of time.  Just order carry-out from the restaurant and get the adult portions in half the time for only a few bucks more.
They have some good tea, but not the best prices. You can find some better quality tea in other place in Montreal. Coming from a family where tea is served at any time of the day, I have some pretty good knowledge on tea and it is pretty obvious that David's tea is not the best option there is in town.
Now I am a huge fan of Cirque, but I am not a fan of Ka.  The scenery was amazing and so were the costumes.  But there was hardly any acrobatic stunts.  And the story was a little off for me.  I would not go again.
In town for a meeting and went there last night. Owner omnipresent, very nice and very interested in making the place work. There are kinks to be worked out. There was some disorganization in the kitchen but the effort to correct it is there. Sushi, by the way, was very good.
Best service, best wax job, everyone pleasant, professional and very clean place, my new place for all of my waxing needs. highly suggest you check it out.
this library is just plain depressing. its small, old and smells of it's age.\n\ni would avoid this library..no fun will be had here.
Amazing!!!!! Fantastic food and great service!! Love it here and will come back next time I'm visiting!
I've been there a few times now - three times for breakfast and a couple of times for lunch.  Breakfast was awesome, but lunch was just ok\n\nThe service each time was mediocre and uninspired.
Friendly, casual atmosphere with very tasty pizza.  Huge variety of toppings and an excellent olive oil base.  I find the pizzas with tomato sauce to be a little bland, but all of the rest have been fantastic.  Salads are huge and fresh.
Haven't had a sit down dinner there yet. Only had appetizers and drinks at the bar. Every time I'm there I've have always received great service from the bartender. If you live in the area, this is definitely a place to visit.
Fresh juicy tender rotisserie chicken at very affordable prices.  The food here is simple, good and cheap.  The wait in line can be a bit long during the lunch rush, but in general the service is fast and very friendly.
starting to look old and a little run down.
It is the typical old school sonoran mexican joint. Nothing wowed me. Tamale was close to hormel from a can. Taco was good.
Ay!!! The rice cracker is the bomb!!!!!!!!!!!! The mussels r fresh n tasty!!!! Service is great!!!!
Awesome!!!  Loved the crawfish and \u00e9touff\u00e9e.
I was iffy about having to cook a takeout meal in my oven myself at first, but it's worth it! Their pizza is really good, and unlike other pizza places I've been to they actually use gloves while preparing your food, so it seems more sanitary as well.
Bartender & waitress nice food is ok ;) !! Good prices not best area but it's ok first time here !! My fiance seems to like it he loves his beer !
Cool place with great food but terrible service.
can spend a long time here looking around some days you find something good other days well not so much
Damn! This is my new favorite Pho restaurant in Vegas! I got the Lobster pho and the Oxtail pho. Both bangin as fuck and it didn't give me diarrhea so that's a Nguyen Nguyen Nguyen!
I was very disappointed.  A group of us went on a Friday night for live music.  They are in dire need of an interior decorator.  We felt awkward as soon as we walked in the door.  There were basically picnic benches for tables and nothing on the walls.  The beer was good but the atmosphere is lacking.
We had a wonderful dinner on the patio tonight. The weather was as perfect as the food, the service was great and we will definitely be back.
Excellent food and wine, atmosphere OK, the downer was that we went on a Saturday night and we were sweating the complete time....I even had to put my hair up in a make shift bun.  Extremely uncomfortable.
Excellent local place that's been around for a long time.  Chicken piccata was great as have been all the dishes we've tried here.  The side salad is their wreak spot,  nothing special.  The prices are surprisingly low, you'll spend as much or more at olive garden.  But why would you?! Eat here instead!
Awesome spot!  Fun, fresh, funky great waffles!  Fantastic service from the fun and extremely nice employees!  You should order two things though if you like to eat a little more than average..
Well, this is the third motel I've stayed in in 4 nights and the first one that I had no problems with--clean room i stayed in for two nights, friendly helpful clerks and convenient location.  It didn't smell like smoke either!  I had a handicapped room both nights and liked the nice big bathroom!  Yay!
Without being mean about it. I will simply say that we have had better diner food.  The seasoning is either bland. or completely off the mark.  The staff takes their sweet time serving food and the crowd is a little north of the mid 50 demo.  Hit up Timbers across the street for much better and cheaper food
Service is so slow and terrible. Food is not that great as a matter of fact it's the worst Chinese food we ever had . Not recommended for dining and not worth it at all. My family and I always come here before but now, NEVER EVER! I'd rather eat in McDonald's! Worst food and service!
This place is no longer in business, but the building is occupied by the restaurant \"The Place\"
Coffee and pot of bread great....service is bad!!! Breakfast took 2 hours!!  Food was just ok. Had to ask for to go box twice and then it was thrown on table! Our bus person Jose was the nicest person there! Probably won't go back.
Norma is passionate about her business, no doubt. Her team takes customer service to a whole new level. I'm not sure what their secret is, but they are able to perform top notch cleaning services, and in a quick time frame. I would defintley recommend this company to anyone looking for a quality commercial carpet cleaner.
I love coming here for brunch, it's one of my favourites. Really good food, generous portions and very affordable prices!
Nice atmosphere but not so nice hot chocolate. I can be a food/drink purist sometimes and I didn't like them using chocolate sauce for my drink. Eww.
I got food poison from here. I ate just 3 oysters and 2 days later I got sick for 1week. The restaurant was old and dirty. I even could not use restroom. I'm sacred to go back there to eat.
I truly expected more! I mean it wasn't bad but didn't blow me away.
Love love love Jersey Mikes! This place seriously blows Subway out of the water. Although Subway has more choices, this place has fresher food. They slice the meat and cheese right in front of you!
Health department just issued 40 demerits during a routine inspection.
This place is a joke.  I will never return.  The meat carved off the carcass at the table was messy and chewy.  The drinks were small and the prices were high.  It's amazing this restaurant is still open.  The waiter bragged about earning 6-$700 a week.  Never again.
Service for 3 course meal (Saturday night):\n\nThe service was really slow, the quality of the food was poor for the prices listed on the menu.
Ordered the Momo and Seafood bentos. Tastes good, but I've definitely had just as good or better elsewhere for less $$$. The sushi was messy and poorly put together.\n\nGF says to add that she really liked the age dashi tofu. Yes, I agree. That was good.
By far the BEST cupcake bakery I've ever been to!! The cake is very soft and moist and the frosting *sighs* to die for!!! I choose Gigi's over Sprinkles AND Crumbs cupcakes any day!
Great food, but every time we order to go, we come home to find that our order is always wrong. Very frustrating.
I use them to clean 2 bedrooms 1 living room all my tile and grout and 1 couch  they did a pretty decent job better than other guys out there. I recommend them but they are pretty pricey my total cost was $577.00
We have NEVER had a togo order that has been correct from here. EVER\n\nI am talking about 9-10 years worth...
I had been coming here since it seems like 2003 or so and for 4 years or so had been consistently delighted with the food - they were always too-crowded and service/wait times consistently showed that strain. \n\nI've stopped coming here - preparation and ingredient quality have diminished steadily since late 2007 and crossed a boundary for me by November 2008
I come here every morning for my coffee and bagel.  They know my order and are SUPER friendly.  It's not the closest D&D to my house, but this is the one I go to for their service.
I am updating my review- I received a nice note from the doctor explaining why the wait time was so long. I appreciate his taking the time to respond, and his explanation.
Just some average food. Let's be honest if you are eating here its because you just want something quick or casual. Nothing bad, just average. The waitress we had though was good. Quick, helpful, and did a fantastic job.
Drink prices were the only thing I liked about this place.  The music was eh, went on a Friday night, they played classic covers very mediocre-ly.  The crowd was older (im 23) and there weren't very many, ended up leaving early, maybe it got better.  Still looking for a good bar in Henderson :(
Fantastic ambiance and food, I'm excited to have this place in my neighborhood....it feels like you live in a real city
I've only been here once and got the rare beef Pho.  It was ok, but I'm partial to another place for my Vietnamese.  However, The service was excellent, the place was clean and I'd definitely be back to try something new.
Best Thai ever! Always looking for another Thai place to remind us of our favorite spot in Vegas and it's hard, no one will ever compare! This is said having been to Thailand!
We would be lost without Lucky Me Pet Care. Michelle is our Dogsitter. She comes every time we need her so Oliver knows her and loves her. She cares about him and treats him as if he were her own dog. Lucky me is exactly what we are bc of Lucky Me Pet Care!!
Good service here. I was greeted upon entering and thanked when exiting. I wanted to see what the deal was with the Samsung Gear. The sales associate in the department was knowledgeable about the product and could answer my questions.
Took my 15 month old there yesterday & he loved it! It's a very clean environment. My husband & I loved that there was a wide variety of activities & toys. Highly recommend this place and the price is $12 for an all day pass. Definitely will be returning
Its Panda Express, what did you expect. If the food is fresh then its good. I was not very impressed with this particular location as the service is not good and the food seems to always be old. Just go somewhere else unless you are desperate for chewy orange chicken.
They have great specials and if you like dive mexican take out......its ok.....there are much better places that are not a chain.
STAY AWAY FROM ARCADIA COVE!! \nThey won't give the deposit back. Even though I have cleaned everything, they said simple reasons to keep the deposit with them. DO NOT STAY IN ARCADIA COVE, you will loose all your security deposit.
I always come to this one bc its always clean! They have good customer service and are pretty efficient. .CANE SAUCE. .. I'M ADDICTED TO. .. YUM.
Got a deep tissue massage, but it was very light, and I felt slimy from all the oil she used. She also did not massage my abdominals, which too many massage therapists skip.
Excellent show, very cool effect with MJ dancing through 'Man in the Mirror'. Recommend you check this out, but try to save some on ticket price if possible. The latest and greatest is also the most expensive.
Ordered pizza, French fries, honey bbq chicken wings and a side salad. Everything was amazing! Definitely a must if you're hungry and can't forget the woman on the phone who took our order even helped us find the perfect combo.
Best hoagies in Pittsburgh as far as i'm concerned.\nPizza is ok but not as good as Fiori's or Slice .\nGood side dishes such as pasta fagioli and etc.
Mt. Everest has amazing food!! I came here for the $10.99 buffet and was amazed at the quality of food. The servers were also very attentive. The buffet had authentic Indian/Pakistani food that would rival any other Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas. Will definitely be back again
This company stills owes me a refund from May of 2014 when I canceled my contract.
The food is decent but it gets spendy quickly!  Their OJ is the best...fresh squeezed, most breakfast items are very good, service is good.  The Tri Tip Dip is a must try!
To many rules. No split checks, no credit cards, no substitutions or additions, no breakfast after 11. Staff is nice, food is average.
Amazing breakfast \nI had an omelet by far the best I have had \nSo so so much flavor most definitely coming back :)
This place sucks for me, I don't have kids, nor do I play tennis or even have a dog to walk here. F**k this place, I want Holyfield!
Excellent Italian offerings, and original seafood ideas, including scallops to die for, fantastic white wine accompaniments, generous and gracious service. A real find, especially upstairs if the band is too loud for you.
I'm sure the food is great as recommended by friends.  I sat myself as instructed by one of the waitstaff.  Took me 10 minutes of waiting before I asked for a menu.  Took another 15 minutes before I left.  No service for me.  I'm highly disappointed by the lack of service.
Had the Asian salad topped with crispy noodles. It's just ok. First few bites were decent, then I slowly began feeling sick after more. I couldn't get past the 12th bite.
Absolutely terrible food. Paying a dinner price for lunch leftovers is anathema to my wife and me. The wait staff are superb, and very nice. The Orleans has other places to eat on site, so avoid this one at all cost.
Nothing special about this place, i guess a burrito is a burrito anywhere, good for a quick ,heavy,crappy meal if that's what you're looking for....and be ready to digest it for the next 3 days,not one of my favorite places.
Love this place!! Amazing home decor! I finally found the shelf that I needed for my kitchen and they have tons of cute decorations to make your house a home, very unique!
Loved everything about this place..read my tips
delicious. so glad to find such a treasure.
No wait and fast service and they are on top of it! Ordered the biscuits and gravy and the gravy was on the sweet side for me and the biscuits weren't the greatest. Also got the loco moco and again nothing special. Maybe we'll try the pancakes next time.
Food was nowhere near as good as it was when we visited last year. Had the  chicken and waffles, both pieces of chick had the leg none still attached when we were here a year ago it was all boneless chicken. Also the chicken was dry and the breading flavorless.
this is a great dive bar.  it's also a great place to play pool where the people aren't assholes if you aren't awesome.  the drinks are cheap and the people are real.  on a side note, my parent's got engaged here when it was a mexican restaurant.
The salmon was not fresh, the dim sum was crazy sad looking, and they have a tendency to use too much oil when cooking. Not impressive quality at all. Will not go back there again.
SLOW service rude employees.
Great view, consistently good mexican fare. Great made-to-order guacamole.
Phenomenal burger! Last time I had the Pittsburger with added bacon which was outstanding...but had the frenchie and arguably the best burger in town! Have a decent beer selection and great service.
Ordered 3 things off the menu, all of which they did not have. The waitress did not check on us in between ordering and paying, the hot tea sucked. It should be called Cafe Poodle.
Came here for a burrito bowl. It was good, but not really worth the lightrail trip from Tempe to Phoenix. Try the Honey Badger drink though.
Dairy Queen really does not need a review.  Only place better for icecream is your mom and pop stores.  Place was clean, service was quick (oh yeah, we were the only ones in there).  $7.80 seems a little high for 1 wafflecone and 1 icecream in a cup.
The entrance was hard to find because there were no signs pointing the entrance out. After a few wrong turns we found our way in. My kids really enjoyed the light displays. Even at a slow pace you can drive the whole display in about 10 minutes. I only wish there would of been a few more displays.
First time here and never again will I set foot in this place. Hookahs suck and are old, hoses are very dirty. It is packed with people and don't have enough seating for two. Save your self the trouble and go somewhere else. Waste of 15 bucks.
Place is amazing!  Try the mango ice tea too!  Really refreshing.
I love Angry Crab Shack.They have the best shrimp and snow crab:) The service is the best and the workers are really friendly!!!!!! I would recommend this place for people who love seafood. You can get really messy when you eat the food,so they give you cute crab bibs.
Had the chicken shawarma with hummous, falafel and salad - everything was excellent.\n\nCame with a big, soft piece of pita bread which was also amazing - most pita you get tends to be hard and thin, but this was soft and fluffy and great.
Tried this place for lunch , went with the chicken kabob sandwich combo opting for the lentil soup. The soup and sandwich were not bad overall ,not the best I have had but for 8 bucks for a lunch combo I would recommend this place .
For a restaurant at an airport, it wasn't half bad! We had the yummy calamari, I had a mimosa, my friend had wine. The staff was friendly and upbeat, so I would go there again.
Nice place, but I was not impressed with the food. I can get more authentic Mexican food at a filibertos. The one shining star was their salsa's, and the service was ok. Not some place I would return to. :(
Great beer, good service, and a nice selection of pub favorites to eat.  All of the food is high quality and tasty.
If you're drunk get the kitchen sink wings and mac & cheese bites! Their fried zucchini is pretty good too :)
Loved the pizza, the atmosphere, and the staff were extremely friendly. We will definitely make this our family spit for pizza
I don't get what people like about this place. It's generally crowded with rushed service and the food has yet to impress. I've tried at least twice -- maybe I'm ordering wrong but I really just don't get it...
Nice place to get stuff for the wife. Friendly staff always!
Videos playing were the best part. Service was pretty good. Food way,way overpriced for mediocre taste at best. Wife was surprised I brought him here after trying it once before. Gave it two shots, won't be back.
The food is good, however there is too much open space between the bar and the restaurant,  and the cigarette smoke gets in the eating area. Not too mention that they allowed a guy next to me to smoke at his table. Not cool!
Great breakfast. Good mimosas and bloody marys. The French toast and eggs Benedict with duck was delicious. The ambiance was good too. Sit on the pAtio.
This museum appealed to both the casual anthropologist and the photographer in me. Very educational both inside and out. It is a relay race of science and mystery.
So obviously someone from Gold's read this. They have made some improvements in the last couple of weeks. Employees have begun to pick up/arrange weights. All the urinals in men's room now flush! Yay, doesn't smell so much like an outhouse in there. Keep improving Golds...
First time visited here with my boyfriend for dinner. Food is just average for the price. Nothing else was outstanding aside from crab legs and prime rib.\n\nOverall food + service just average
This review is just based on walking through to get to Marquee.\n\nThis place is very nice on the outside. On the inside, it's a little dark but nice and spacious as well. It was very crowded on a Saturday night.
Bad service, pricey coffee. A few of the employees are polite, but most of them have bad attitudes. The quality of the drinks is above average but not a good value for what you get. Has great potential but you're better off going the extra half-mile north or south to one of their competitors.
Amazing vegan food, can't say enough about it.  One of the few places in Montreal I can go to and know that I can order anything from the menu.  Excellent!
Not that great of food. Limited wine selection. Not a kid friendly place yet I have kids around me. Would not visit again.
I've been coming to this place to get my eyebrows threaded for almost a year now, and It is definitely one of my favorites. What the salon lacks in decor, it makes up for in employee skill. Anita is the best. I won't trust anyone else to shape my brows! She is awesome. :)
The food was very good on the day I ordered delivery from here. The portions were a bit smaller than most Indian Restaurants. As long as value is not your main criteria the food was very well prepared and tasted excellent. I will definitely order from here again and even though delivery tends to take an hour here in Las Vegas, they arrived in 45 minutes.
Took about 30 minutes for us to finally order and it took practically another 45-hour for the food which only took us 15-20 minutes to eat. Got our food before our utensils. Long story short: horrendous service.
Well I did get deep fried white pudding, but it wasn't great. The swampy was pretty off and the batter hard and super greasy. They have downstairs seating which is dingy and dull. Not a nice place to stay and eat although their brown sauce was tasty.
The build your own pizza option is pricey at $12, however, the pizza was really good. \n\nThey are not set up to accept MLife card comps so that was a pain but hopefully that will get worked out soon. \n\nIt's definitely worth a sit down & try though.
Worked with Doug very helpful. Got me the right vehicle for a fair price. Very clean car.They will deliver the car to you if need be.
I've been shopping with Vitacost for years and had excellent service and enjoyed the deals I was receiving. I received my first incorrect order a few weeks ago. Since then the Customer Service keeps insisting that I am wrong and won't do anything to resolve the issue.
First time visit. Very nice place, super clean and large. Plan to make this a go to sports bar. Burgers were excellent. On tap choices were ok. No gluten free beer or vodka is a bummer cause the wifey can't have gluten.
Can't believe how slow the service was on a Sunday at 1pm. Waited 20 minutes for a table and had to remind the hostess about our wait time. Once seated it took an hour for our dishes to arrive. I was not aware it took that long to scramble  eggs... I must be doing it wrong at home.
Nice Post Office, centrally located in the center of downtown Mesa, though not on the main street, adequate parking, no problems.  Kinda reminds me of my PO back home.
Love the red chili beef burros. Hearty basket of chips and salsa served upon being seated. Friendly staff.
Love love Love this place!! I came here to see Kelly as a recommendation from a friend of mine when I was new to the area and even though I moved away from Vegas I will not go anywhere else!! I still fly every other month to see Kelly because she is THE best!!!
Limited atmosphere, exceedingly slow, bland food, and poor service.
Best Sushi!! a little expensive... but awesome... We moved to chicago and I even took some of their roll recipes for people to make me, because theirs really are the best!
Ok it was dirty and I had to wait for 30 mins at least. There is not much to choose from.
The worst four star hotel! Don't stay here.\nThere was mold in bathtub.
This is the best chain/commercial pizza place in town. Pizza Hut, Dominoes,Papa Johns cannot hold a pizza flipper to this place. However, this location is small and does not have very many games to choose from. But that's not why I come here the pizza is good and the ranch is super good as well.
Booked two rooms here with one room receiving housekeeping (clean towels, bed fix etc) once in three days after numerours complaints to reception.
DO NOT EAT HERE!\n\nMy friend and I had breakfast here yesterday morning and we've both been up all night with food poisoning. We've eaten here before and never had a problem. But apparently it's not so chill now. \n\nBEWARE
First time at Real Donuts, the costumer service was fabulous!!! Really enjoyed my time ordering donuts lol \nOur clinic went on a donut adventure, we order their top sellers and let me tell you they are all worth the calories!!!
Best BBQ ever.  Go here and thank me later.
Great variety! They had soups, salads, sushi, plenty of Chinese and seafood dishes. A large variety of desserts too.
The staff is incredibly accommodating.
Great Sandwich Fantastic !!! LATE NIGHT SERVICE IS THE WORST. It took them over an hour to make two sandwiches. We called them and they do not answer the phone properly. Please get a better night staff. Laurel & Hardy is not funny!
Great dentist, the staff is super nice too. Thanks for helping me with my fillings in a gentle and caring way!
We were just out and about, stopped in. My expectations were drop kicked to the curb. This place was awesome. I really enjoyed the food. The beans seemed home made like my momma's.  The service was awesome. It was very clean and really enjoyable. I will be back to combat my hangovers with some good ceviche.
Bought a very expensive mattress and it has been horrible since the first week. Squeaks, bounces, sags, and have horrible back pain. Worst mattress I have ever slept on. Avoid this place at all costs
Everyone loves Starbucks, but what could make a Starbucks experience even more awesome? ???\n\n An amazing staff that is always on top of there game friendly funny up beat helpful and fast compared to others in town !!
Heads up: the gluten-free pizza is not actually gluten-free. If you have an intolerance, don't take your chances. You will get sick.
So yummy and very friendly!:) and affordable! Strongly recommend and great hours!:) love this place visit at least twice a week!
I came in at about 2:30ish, no line so that was a plus. Disappointed in the selection of the food (very little for a buffet) but everything tasted great! I guess we came in at the wrong time because I was very disappointed after reading such good reviews. Not worth the money. ):
I really like it here! We eat here the morning of our trip home from Vegas. I've been 3 times now and all times have been fantastic. The people are also SUPER nice. :)
better than the ones i had in Hawaii.  IT IS NOT A SNOW CONE
Great ambience and food to live for! A sure bet with a neighborhood feel, Rib's are delicious!
Love HTC. Matt at the counter is top notch. If you have jewelry questions or want custom jewelry made, he's your guy! The whole staff is friendly & professional.
This club was not like the other two that we visited while in Vegas. This was the last stop on our club party bus crawl. The music sucked, the crowd was dead. Overall, awful, terrible, no good time was had by anyone in my party. I will not come back. Sorry.
Best bar on Walnut.\nGo here anytime of day,\nThey will have your fix.\n\n(b)
The chicken ain't cheap, but neither is the beer...\n\nOh, and my wife got the deep fried pickles and they were GROSS. The pickles were very slimy and for a minute I thought I was eating food that someone had spit on... Maybe I was.. Bleh!
My husband thinks the wings here are amazing. It smells so bad when you walk in though because of all the smoke. They have a pool table and dart board and a juke box so that's a plus and the bar tender seemed cool. Besides the smoke its a cool place to chill and drink.
Nothing bad to say about raising canes!!! The food always fresh and hot,ready to go and eat. Most of all my favorite part is the sauce!! You can dip the fries,chicken strips, and even the Texas toast. Delicious!!!
Went for lunch had the fish fry. Really bad over cooked just bad. Will not ever go back
I've not actually been to the location, but I've ordered for delivery multiple times. The food always arrives hot and delicious, and it is simply the best pizza I've ever had. My only \"complaint\" is that the sauce is sweeter than I would like, but to each their own. Its still delicious.
The gyro was good. I've had better and I've had worse.
Great service, nice ambiance, it's CLEAN and I've always loved my gel nails and pedicure.\nMake sure you make an appointment ~ I'm not the only one that thinks highly of this place !
They make some bomb (delicious!) bbq pork fried rice! its not dry and bland like other places. Fills me up every time after a long day of work.
Such a great atmosphere ! There's a server named Brianda she's the sweetest ever !!! Def ask for her !
They tricked me into buying insurance even though when they offered me I turned it down. I didnt notice it on my bill either till I returned the car. These guys are sketchy RSA: Garret and MGR: Darryl.
Nice decoration feels cool and the foods is ok
We love the place ! Don't hesitate to try this place.  The food was very good and great sevice. Love love love
It takes too long to get served. The order will be wrong. The place is dead. However, there is a ton staff cleaning tables that are already clean to get in your way when you make your way to the bathroom! So it can't be the economy.
Good \"big box\" food joint, with lots of different options.  Nothing crazy good or crazy bad.  Chili's fraternal twin.
Expensive and pizza was mediocre at best
Food poison. My husband was sick after eating the wings. They were under cooked. Pizza Hut admitted this and sent a $60 gift card to our home. Do not order wings from here.
It must be an acquired taste. I haven't acquired it.
I was kinda plus minus on this place until we came early to a movie once and killed time upstairs drinking at the bar. And then brought our beers into the theater and watched Batman! Yeah this place is filling that mindless fun hole in my life with a combination of 16 oz plastic cups of IPA and summer blockbusters. I will be back soon.
Actually not bad. The teas and shakes and pretty much everything seem solid. Had a green tea milkshake w Boba and it was great. Like someone else said Support Local!
It was ok, some great vendors, but their menus were limited. They had 3-4 options. Not always the best options off their menus.\n\nPlus there was only Coors light, Miller light, Reds ale and 3 Arizona wines to drink. Better beer selection would be awesome.
We've been taking our dogs here for years. They are always kind and loving with our dogs and they do an excellent job. I can't imagine taking my dogs anywhere else to be groomed.
This is closed.
lovely!  really top notch, good location, great pool, attentive staff.  I would for sure stay here again if I got a good deal on a room. make sure to ask the concierge to get on the list for Tao to avoid the longer lines.
The food is awesome!  I love the ceviche.
Fantastic, light, flavorful, the fruit toppings were fresh, the mango syrup (and a variety of other syrups were a nice touch), and the price was reasonable.  The blue berries were a bit frozen which was the only boo.  Other than that it's worth a taste if you're around it.
The restaurant was way below average. I rate it as a two stars for the salad and fries. I don't recommend the burger nor club sandwich.
Good, typical diner-style food. Breakfast is served hot, fresh, and fast. Family-friendly and family-run. The decor is dated, but the restaurant is very clean. Service is fantastic.
Two stars just for the fun of it...  but might be the dirtiest place I've seen...
The margarita pizza is good! The Italian Stallion pizza was loaded with salt not so good!
If you're looking for awesome atmosphere, heathy food & great service come here! Ideal for lunch or dinner. My wife on a recent trip to Scottsdale went 3 times in 4 days! Loved the fresh Salad & all the different subs. Awesome outdoor patio too
best italian food i've had in Charlotte, the pizzas are great, the puttanesca is some of the best i've had, the chicken gorgonzola is no joke, and the tiramisu even my old italian dad loved when he visited.
Production values and performers are great.  It is only a one hour show so that is ridiculous for the price.  Also they need more modern musicals.  I am 65 and you need to be a lot older to appreciate most of the music.
Stopped in for brunch one Friday morning and was pleasantly surprised that all the buzz about Flying Biscuit is apparently true. Service was friendly and efficient also. Nice little casual neighborhood spot.
Just had a great dinner here with 5 great friends. Food, service, and drinks were great especially for the price.
Excellent food. Try the BBQ ribs. This is THE place for NFL Sunday - all the games on consistent size TVs, maps of what games are on in each area. Nice outdoor patio.
Best oysters in town!  We visit weekly since the seafood is always fresh, nicely prepared, and service is outstanding.  Never had a problem in years of coming here.
Always make sure to scrutinize a resturant review from a college student.\nIt's more than likely based on the cost of beers rather than food quality. \nMy sushi was warm, food was cold, and the chicken in my stir fry tasted old.
I loved the atmosphere and the cocktails are great.  The food is made with fresh high end ingredients.  I will be back for dinner as that menu is the most exicting to me.
Very good art museum.  The architecture makes it -- where else do you have the chance to look out a window from a staircase or hallway into a gallery, to observe people observing art.  Free admission and late hours on Tuesday evening help the museum to be a regional resource and to make art accessible.
Service wasn't that great, and the french toast wasn't really much more than literally toasted bread with no flavor.
The pizza here was good, but not worth the money. For the price I really expected something different. The pizza was very basic nothing really speacial. It was good but too simple for the price.
Been in twice to get a quote. Both times the salesmen was interested in only selling me packages, warranties and extras. Needless to say I found the service I needed cheaper and with better customer service else where. I won't be back a third time.
Take the time to enjoy this little treasure. The food was amazing. We began conversing with both tables next to us and sharing each other's dishes. The experience was one of my favorite times while in Vegas.
It Was a fun time the kids liked it and it burned up alot of their energy. I personaly was done after about 15 minutes my legs started to hurt. Very positive expierience and fair priced.
Some of the best broth I've ever tasted. Slightly salty but worth it with The draft Beer and the mustard green fried rice is out o this world. Deep flavor and addicting to say the least. And in the Summer months the cold noodles with ponzu sauce is worth the trip alone!
The Baristas here always gets it right! Eventhough the location is weird and no drive thru, we love coming here cause the drinks are made correctly! Drinks taste perfect! We love this location and the Barristas are quick!
Upstairs in the mall, above the Starbucks. I had the egg pad thai and shrimp coconut soup; fantastic food!  I asked for \"medium spicy\" and got something that was comfortably spicy, which is unusual and nice!
They have the best penne pasta with marinara sauce and the garlic bread is to die for! Very consistent, always tastes just how I remember. I LOVE this place!! Awesome service. Super nice people. 5 stars!
6pm Tuesday night.   No ribs no pork.  Might as well just close for the night. Hostess was very nice and apologetic.  TC's here I come.
Only the appetizer was good. Both of our entrees were practically inedible. I got crab cakes they were so fishy tasting. It was so gross. And it came with French fries. The food is way too overpriced to have French fries as the side rather than a vegetable.
I think Manchester is better. But, its ok.
You can test your sharp shooting skills at the FBI training room or indulge in red velvet booths in the theater. It was pretty cool to sit in the courtroom that launched Oscar Goodman's career. Of course in my case I was surrounded by Yelpers and the best cupcakes ever so whats not to love.
Pretty good Cupcake. Had the red velvet Cupcake with white chocolate frosting. Frosting, super good, cake ok. It was a lil oily for me and the top was slightly hard. But overall, pretty good.
Awesome outdoor seating, I would come here just for that alone. There was live music as well which was great. The food is decent, the new thia summer options are really good and I would recommend those.
The food here is good. The pho is good and well portioned. It would have been a 5 star if they had good customer service. We only seen one guy when we went and he wasn't cheerful or didn't even smile. Just told us to sit where ever, took our order and just silent.
Extremely poor service !  Waiter always making excuses,  food not as good as in past!
Fast, cheap, and effective.\n\nTakes cash or credit/debit, and you get free use of their heavy duty vacuums after your wash.\n\nBe advised you will not be able to make a left hand turn out of their parking lot between 3 and 6.
Best prime rib and lobster I have ever had! Excellent customer service. I will definitely coming back .
Nice, well stocked store.  The owner is horrible, grouchy, never smiles, unfriendly.  Not a pleasant experience.  Will not go back again.  Owner treats customers like s--t.
I stumbled across this place while looking for lunch. Great hole in the wall, everything looked delicious. I had the gyro, not too shabby.
I'm so lucky to have such an amazing sushi place so close to home. They have an all you can eat that is very reasonable and I always over do it. I just can't help myself, the food is so good!! Nice casual atmosphere.
I thought this is too conservative and expensive. Recommended for rich people.
These people have had my business for quite awhile now and they will continue to receive all my business.  From greeting you at the door with a bottle of water to the quickness of service, they excel above all others.  I recommend this place to all.
QQ Grill closed it's doors two months ago.
I give this place 5 stars omg this is SALP yo mama stupid goodness. See my pictures. Lol omg two thumbs up all the way.
Just wasn't impressed.  Pad Thai was really gummy.  The Panang chicken curry wasn't that good.  Eggrolls, were just eh.  The papaya salad was delicious though.  The server was very nice.    Maybe I was there on an off day?
Had better snow cream....use fresh fruits when you can...strawberries are so cheap right now yet you don't have fresh strawberries.
There was a hair in my spring roll... enough said...
Very happy with the cut. English and French is spoken. It's busy on a Saturday so expect a bit of a wait. \nMy only thing left to be desired was I missed the neck shave the old Italian barbers do. Otherwise, great job.
Good food and prices are reasonable!
Great finds for next to nothing. If you are looking for a good deal on designer clothes and shoes this is a great place to look. It can get a little cramped in the isles but not a huge issue.
Went for breakfast to try for the first time. Ordered the baked French toast. Eggs were over cooked, bacon was cold and French toast was more like a bread pudding.
Great, fast service, pretty-good coffee, delicious breakfast spot. Bar looked awesome, hope to try it again on my future trips here.
Very casual steakhouse. The place is good for family or group gathering.\nService is great, but the food is okay. Not GREAT.
Love these chain restaurants.
Kids always have a blast. Extremely clean!! Great bonus to have with flu season coming around. Owner is a bit OCD but keeps it clean. Just needs to relax a bit but overall good.  Theu definitely need a bigger eating space since it is only limited to 2 tables
Went after happy hour, that was a mistake.  The happy hour menu and prices are great.  The kids meal (12 and under) is the same size as the adult meal, plus drink and desert.  If you go, go at happy hour and take your kids.  You can feed the whole family for a great price.
Awesome brunch! They were out of three items on the menu, all of which people in our group were going to order. However, no one was disappointed with their second choice.
Maps wrong. It's NE of AZ ave & 202
Try popcorn chicken,deep fried intestine and their spicy fish fillet,da bomb!!!!!
Thumbs up for the food and service. Servers were really sweet and friendly! Definitely coming back.
Food was good. Service was slow. Did not receive my appetizer and took 20 minutes for my free dessert with the Yelp coupon.
Long wait for small simple takeout order. Marinara sauce had lots of meat in it which is not good for vegetarians. Also forgot to include breadstick.
Great pizza, wine, and pricing. Highly recommend the veggie pizza with white truffle oil. Really great place for a night out with your hunny or great girls night on the patio. Excellent location next to bars and restaurants on Mill to enjoy after your delicious dinner.
Its clean, open 24/7 with hot shoe string fries and creative milkshakes. What else do you want in life??
The only thing i dint like in this place was the unagui sauce i ask the sushi master why this sauce looks like that,he anwser is because comes is a plastic bottle is not from scratch,huf that sauce was terrible very bad teaste not like the real sauce, the service was exelent very good
This location is much better, only 4 1/2 miles from the other location which is horrible (read other review)... how that works I am amazed, the staff is friendlier and the store is in better shape.
Lots of food. Had a great Denver omelette. Pancakes were generous as were the other portions. I would return here for lunch or breakfast.
The food is pretty good but once they changed from an order at the counter restaurant to a sit down restaurant it lost most of its appeal for me to go with my family (less child friendly)
I was really hoping it would be better since its close to the office. Had the gyros plate and was not impressed. I wont be going back.
I've been going to Barre 3 for years, so I am a little biased. Overall, its a decent workout. I just can't get over the carpeted floors...
Rip off poor service good thing me and my friend purchased off groupin tge only good food was tge chips &salsa that we had to pay for an coconut shrimp wait service sucked prices very high want recommend this place TI could have put a Chevy or chilis instead of senor frog
Nothing too exciting. Just a chain restaurant. I think e service was decent and food was ok just nothing special.
what the heck. I did smog other car from Jiffy smog on rainbow and paid $19.99.\nBut this place charged me $27; $21 for smog and 6 for VIR fee. Whatever.
I have no Clue why people this this place was good. It was bearable at best.  The food was not awful, but not anything to jump up and brag about either.. The Store is interesting and I suggest you look through and browse.
Today my line was short only 4 people was ahead of me. The lady that waited on me was very polite, friendly and professional. I always have a good exprience here even if sometimes I do have to wait longer in line.
Great food. Really liked lunch specials.
My daughter and I were in last night for a special New Years dinner and  They made it happen! Strong work! I will go back again!
Hot dogs are decent, onions rings are decent, service was a little strange and kind of rude, I will eat there again but I'd say a tad above average especially with all the hype I heard!
Favorite spot on the strip for a good burger. High quality choices. Expect a wait for a table in evening hours. Great setting with good service
Simply Amazing!
Friendly and fast service.  Always feel great afterwards.  This place is a weekly must for my back.  Love the convenience of different locations as well.  Highly recommended.
Good ribs, amazing hot links and service with a smile!
This place is the best for legit Mexican breakfast.  Machaca and Chilaquilles is very good and so is the enchiladas and napolitos.  I have only been for breakfast but can imagine the other food is amazing as well.
Delicious Pizza and Wings!! Little Chicago's is my go to place to order pizza for delivery or dinning!  Great, fast service and at an affordable price.
Easily the best ice cream in Montreal. My favorite is the salted butter flavor. The ice cream is worth waiting in line.
The bi bam bap is fantastic! Friendly service. Highly recommended.
Love this place best rock and roll joint in Las Vegas the food is awesome the servers are awesome the people are awesome
I go there all the time for breakfast ... Food and service is always top notch... I usually get the Mediterranean Veggie Benedict... Mmm...Highly recommend it!  A couple extra small tables would help during some of the holiday's when it gets busy... But totally worth the wait!
This is the best Thai Food I've ever had! The Spicy Catfish was perfect! Juicy and just enough kick at heat level 7! The Papaya salad perfect! Worth the drive!! The Red Snapper buttery and curry creamy bliss! Mmmm
I just called from Calif.to buy an anniversary gift for family in Summerlin and was put on hold by the manager listening to lame elevator music for way too long.  This is not good customer service.  Hope they're better in person.  I'm taking business elsewhere
Love the Gladly crew!  We stopped in to say hello to our friend Bernie and he surprised us with a new dessert that is going in the menu soon. A mouthwatering apple cake and marscipone ice cream with a dulce de leche sauce... Oh my goodness! Love at first taste!
The worst Thai food I've had. Greasy and over cooked by an staff who appears to hate their job. I've tried this place a few times as it's close to home but I have always been disappointed.
My Girlfriend and I went for just dessert and we were greeted promptly and waited on in under five minutes the food was perfect I will be back again and again and the parking garage was free up to 3 hours. That also made the experience more pleasant.
2 stars because of the atmosphere during the afternoon was similar to a nasty frat; our waitress was maken' out with her bf in plain site, loud college guys were drunk, smoking, spitting -overall gross behavior, but the food was great! Ordering take out next time!
Off the beaten path but absolutely incredible coffee. It's a hipsters dream come true (was totally out of place but would go back everyday if I could). Would recommend to any coffee drinker out there.
What a fun and hip spot outside the sportsbook at Aria.  We just had two slices-cheese with a white sauce and basil and meat.  Both were yummy.  I love the space and location and will be back!
Very very salty and overseasoned. If you know Asian food and appreciate it in it's true form...don't go here. If you like the Americanized, PF Changs version of chinese food then by all means...
rooms good\nbuffet sucks even at 2 for 1 price. \nGilles food sucks. no stars. \ncoffee shop very good. \npool is okay.\n$ 28.00 resort fee daily , every day. you pay. when you check out.
The service is slow,\nBut their food is excellent.\nMy fave in Vegas.
During this holiday season ... I must say, I'm so glad i get to order my favorite combination together ... A caramel brulee and cranberry bliss ... yummy in my tummy!
Decent customer service, some times slow. Drinks are consistently average. Not great, not horrible. 3 Stars. Average Starbucks experience.
I took a high end designer purse to be fixed here! It turned out better tan expected! The fixed the strap without any hint of repair! They do a great job on shoes! Great place to do business!
Actually liked this place, good lunch specials.... Decent Bloody Mary. Food could use a bit more flavor. Like the staff, love that you can see chefs thru the window while they cook your food!! Should be open longer!!! :(
Its ok. One of my pet peeves is getting the apetizer at the same timw of the food\n Food was decent though.
Overall decent.  Don't eat pork, but usually get the chicken salad or turkey plate.  Good..kids like the pork.
The views from this restaurant are amazing.  We were very pleased with everything from the wine list to the dark chocolate for desert.  The menu is nice the food presentation and qualtiy \"the best\".
Cool spot in container park! Small, intimate, great bartenders. Extremely friendly, great size pours! Will be back when in the area!
Had the lemongrass chicken and can't say I'd recommend it. Good luck!
Horrible, just horrible.  Room not very clean, bathroom had mold, no hot water for shower at 5 am, $30 noodle bowls at the asian restaurant.  All the restaurants were waaaaay overpriced.  Will not be returning EVER
Couldn't tell the difference between the orange and the Kung Pau Chicken. The fried rice was mushy.\n\nWon't be going back.
Good food and service for opening night. The fried okra was delicious. Loved the biscuits with jam and honey. Everyone in our party left satisfied!
I really don't understand how anyone can eat the food from here.  Granted, I am Chinese and enjoy authentic food, however I like good Chinese American food.  For someone who usually doesn't leave food on her plate unless it is really bad, I could not finish my meal because it was tasteless and below average.
Excellent pub and killer food!
I came a little after 8 PM and was astounded their doors were locked. They changed hours all over the valley. Lifetime boycott.
I ordered fish. Friend had brisket. It was uninspiring. And not much food. And pricey for that little food.
Decor is simple, friendly staff but too bad the food wasn't too great, raw fish wasn't fresh which made me had a really bad vertigo and got me very sick the next day. This is my first time experiencing food poisoning at a Japanese bistro. Not sure if Im planning on coming back.
Fabulous food and staff.  Very quick service, incredible presentation on the food, great value.  We will be back.  Quan / AKA Becky was efficient and nice as could be.  Thank you
The happy hour is wonderful enjoy the steak and eggs and the shrimp cocktail go for a dollar 99 I'm good to be having dinner at 6 so I'll have to the review later but the food is anything like the happy hour we're going to have a great evening.
We received a full confirmation for a vehicle at their Glendale location and am now finding out they don't have a car available but found one 20 miles away at double the cost we were quoted!
Will is slow as can be. If he is working to another bar.
As a recent transplant from Chicago, I was looking for a great handyman and Chris is just that. He's thoughtful, funny and very thorough. I'd hire him again in an instant and recommend him to anyone needs a hand
The hot rock was not only delicious but tons of fun!! Great place to grab a bit while in the Mirage!!
When I come home to Arizona this is always my first stop for a  meal/snack when I get off the plane!  There are no Jack in the Box restaurants in VA, so this is always a nice treat.  I've never had issues with food or customer service.  More details coming soon!
Got us right to a table but the service was awful and they ran out of complementary breadsticks? We ordered 3 large pizzas and I assume you make you're breadsticks from pizza dough. Pizza took forever even if it did taste good. Not good as Ny but ok. Won't be back.
Great food! Great service! What more can we ask for! :))))) checking in to get my free shaved ice
Great find of a threading studio.  I have been twice and both times they offered me the great Yelp deal.  I for one love threading over waxing and am thankful I found this great local spot!
This place is pretty awesome. They have almost everything you need. Adult costumes aling with childrens. Party favors of every theme.  Birthday items, and lots of decorations for almost anything. They also carry lots of candy.\n\nI also love the fact there is a mini post office drop off area in the back.
This place is a good Mexican place. Service is typically good, the servings are large (pollo Rico is bomb). My only complaint is they put a lot stuff on the table before you even get your food. I don't like a cluttered table do it annoys me a bit.
I like the fact that the Palazzo has this place on site as it is cool to see vegan smoothies and juices on the strip. However, in addition to being way overpriced, the service is not very good.
Good for a local little place to grab a trendy drink. Great patio service.
Not the best native, but it isn't bad.  They have a nice sized menu and a decent beer selection.
My family has been using Preventive Pest Control for years. The guy that services our home is reliable. He's there every other week as promised and the guy Is really nice.
Yup the real deal deal. These are the best things ever. Hard working small businesses owners you have to support.  a+++
smoky and old inside...not really a fan
Since we don't have the time to tend to our yard as we should, it's great to know that I can call on AMS to take care of all of our yard needs. The staff is very professional and polite. They are very affordable in these tuff economic times.
Great price and even better sushi. Thick cuts and delicious sauces! Try the double spicy!
Barro's Pizza is the best pizza in the state of Arizona.  Make sure you get some ranch to dip your pizza in... yummy good.
I like Showmars restaurants and this one is no exception. I went in during the busy lunch hour and received very fast service and good food in a clean environment. This location has a drive thru. I recommend the grilled chicken pita for lunch!
Been here quite a few times.  I'm not a seafood eater so I can't rate the sushi but the edamame, teriyaki chicken, and beef yakisoba are all awesome.  They have a good happy hour for saki bombers too!
Not worth the hype nor the wait.  Out of the four pizzas we tried we only liked one and it wasn't even that great. Not to mention the wait takes forever.  I kept hearing this place was highly rated and maybe I expected too much, but it definitely did not meet my expectations.
Great food but not worth the rude and terrible service at the sushi bar.
Truly Outstanding Sushi and Sashimi fit for a special occasion.\nToo pricey to be a regular haunt.
Wow!  I have lived in the area for over 10 years and love Mexican food.  Unfortunately, this is the worst food I have had in many years.  Choose another place!
I had the chicken katsu curry.  It was a little curry sauce poured over the katsu.  Not bad, but not really great.  Wife and I shared a crab rangoon and it was good.
This place is awesome!! Fixed my iphone 5 broken glass faster then they told me. Very friendly and stand behind work. Next time I will deal with them instead of Asurion- which btw is a nightmare to deal with.
Love this place and the happy hour specials. The shredded chicken taco salad is awesome.
It's the best shop in las Vegas! Lisa does the best job. She gives great and friendly services!!!!
Tom continues to amaze me with his outstanding ethics and belief in helping the customer find what they want and not worry about himself. Great agent for anyone looking to buy or sell a home.
Really great sushi!  Just wish there was more selections on the baked section of sushi.
Greens is my everyday lunch spot. There are so many options. I never get bored. Tofu fries, extra crispy, the bison wrap or the low calorie Caesar salad with salmon are to die for. Never thought eating healthy could be so yummy and addicting. Love this place!!!
Not a bad place really...but I only had lunch and popcorn shrimp at that.
we need more places like this. whole, healthy foods, gluten free, vegan. yessssss! if you're looking for fries and gigantic, unhealthy portions, look elsewhere. the prices are in line with what you get, which is fresh, delicious, healthy, real food.
Great bartender and attentive service..... but really?! Really?! No champagne on a Sunday?! What about mimosas?
Delicious fresh food. I even saw the staff bringing in fresh veggies from the Farmers' Market on Saturday morning. The mini donuts with strawberry jam and chocolate sauce were delish. We had several different dishes and shared, everything was so simple and yet so good.
We just found this place about 3 weeks ago, after recently moving into the area. We loved it!! The food was great and the service was great! We will definitely be going back for more.
Very average! Very expensive, Atmosphere & Decor is bland at best... $42.00 for a 750ml Delerium Tremens???? $21.00 for a 10.5 inch pizza. I know it's The Strip but, Block 16 Restaurant group is out of line on this one.
This used to be the best buffet in Vegas.  However, with what it costs now even for Vegas residents its just not worth it.
I saw all the positive reviews and was not impressed I thought the prime rib was overpriced I'm not opposed to paying for a good steak but this one was flavorless the wings were ok the best part was the smokey flavor
This restaurant is the worst place to eat in Las Vegas!!!!  Everything you don't want in a restaurant is here.  Bad food, Bad service, Bad management, and expensive!!!!!!!!\nIf you're not chinese or white, forget getting a decent treatment from this people.
This is one of my favorite hotels to stay in when I go to Vegas. The deals they have on suites during the off season are great too.
Never had a problem with McCarran Airport.  I've traveled in and out of this location a number of times over the past several years and had good experiences each time.
This is a beautiful hotel not to mention its connected to the Venetian. I'm returning on a free trip with a beverage credit had a little fall nothing big so this is awesome. Ordered room service the shrimp scampi is delicious trust me chocolate cake had mousse with a light whip cream awesome
It's no Cibo or Bianco. Kind of boring and unoriginal menu. Lacks interest for me. Been in twice now and the wait staff has been cold and unfriendly.
Great experience for the NFL DRAFT on Thursday night. Food was good, service was great!!!!!! Thank you Crystal!
Great movers!  Brandon was very good about staying in touch and confirming that he was available on the afternoon we had scheduled.  Then when they got to my job, they had a great attitude and were very efficient.  I wouldn't hesitate to use Smooth Moves again for my next move.
I love this place this girls are very friendly. I stop by here before I go to caked next door to get the best cronuts in Vegas. After u grab ur coffee stop by and try these cronuts it's a winner.
Great hotel, well decorated. The lounge area is really good at night to party and have some drinks. rooms are very sexy with a clear glass bathroom in every room. Perfect for a couples getaway\nNext time i go to Montreal I will make sure to stay at this hotel again.
any place that will serve me a greyhound @ 8am is ok by me. \n\ndelicious food. i had the french toast with strawberries and whipped cream. \n\nnext on the list before i move...BANANAS FOSTER FRENCH TOAST.
I had lunch here last week and it was very good. I started with spring rolls and had a bun. Service was good and the food was great. I will be back again when I'm on this side of town.
It was nicely decorated and clean.  They do have many things to pick from but most of the food was dry.  The wonton soup was never refill the entire time we were there.  The sweets were very sad.
Other than the food being a little greasy and the decor being unfinished this is a very good hole in the wall. My reuben rocked!!! The bacon cheese fries were an exercise in excess that made me exercise more after eating them! lol
Service was good.  Beer selection was also good.  Food very bad.  Wife's burger was waay undercooked which is hard to understand since they use an \"automatic grill\" which cooks to medium well.  In short, stop in for a beer but skip the food.
This place is delish. Absolutely love this place. A must try while visiting Las Vegas. their sandwiches and pho are to die for
Tried again \nBetter this time.   \nFood was good not great
major disappointment this year with your christmas musioc.Its the same loops over and over. It used to be some fun and different variety but its the same loops over and and again - I found a different station
Never eating here again. I was sick for 2 days after I eat one of their burgers.
I was glad I found this place in the sea of crap that is Phoenix.\n\nGreat to excellent food, not atrociously priced. Great sangria. Beautiful room. Good service. Classy good looking clientele. \n\nTerrific cafe for daytime snacks and coffee.
Gorgeous, trendy, flashy, beautiful hotel. Feels like a new Vegas inside. The hotels around should update their game to keep up with the Cosmopolitan. lol Definitely visit at least once but if you like old vegas then don't.
Amazing!  I'm here for a few short weeks from NY and I was recommended this place by a guy i met at an antique shop.  Superb!!  Everything fresh and delicious.
Ok place to go at 2 or 3am but the poutine isn't so tasty.  My companion also claimed that the fries aren't crispy enough. The sauce was mediocre as well.  But if you're looking for late night eats in the neighbourhood, it's an option.
Go elsewhere.  They quoted one price then charged another. Added parts before asking!   Never called to let me know my bike was finished!   I had to call 5 times to get anyone to answer.  Maybe u have to have 5 tats and 3 piercings to get good service here!
take my advice if you can eat somewhere else do service was slow brooklyn sphagetti and meatballs was a joke after 2 trys and a 40min wait i finally gave up and just ate the slop they put in front of me what a waste of time turn this into mcdonalds
Like some reviewers here, I had some doubts with the site originally. But I took a shot and paid through Pay Pal. It was a right decision. Joseph took care of my speeding ticket and fine was reduced to $98 from $198. Ticket was changed to illegal parking instead of speeding and no point was added to my driving record.
I had high expectations for this bar. The bar is extremely bland, and the staff just doesn't care. Came in after opening just to be ignored by the bartender on a slow night. Put some stuff on the walls, and hire a staff that actually cares.
It's Chili's, what can you say?  Staff is friendly and lunch specials are great.
I love their chicken curry of all things. Caramel dessert is also fantastic.
EXPENSIVE for chicken parts nobody wants. I get chicken breasts for less. Sauces were good. Wait was long. Loved the TV screens for football. \nTuesdays would be the only time I returned for lower priced wings. Not many deals like other locations.
Visited family in Arizona this place is good value for the money. The rooms were nice and updated and the service was great. Will stay here again on my next visit!
Our waitress was very personable, helped us finalize our beer and food choices. All delicious, especially the chicken fajitas. Enjoyed watching a football game too.
The wait was very long, very dirty cups and the waiter seemed upset to swap them out.  Both my friends had hair in their food!  This place is so dirty stay away
The new groomer is fantastic. It's the best my yorkie poo has ever looked. I would highly recommend Poochy Klean to all my friends.
Nice place, nice people, large menu , quantity and quality is there what else!
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but the Mongolian beef was not good at all. It was like soup! Friendly staff, but worst Mongolian beef I've ever had.
The coolest interactive exhibit I have ever been to hands down. Awesome memorabilia and interactive stuff for people off all ages. Covers all sports interests. The retail is awesome too great selection of snapbacks and replica gear. Great for the price and the kids will love it. Check it out its not to be missed.
I got my regular - Big Burrito Especial - Chicken.  Yummy.  I swear they use different tortillas here, it was really good.  I like staring at the fish in the tank.
Good food horrible service. It was like the waitress was doing us a favor with everything she did. When we asked to split the check \"It'll be done tomorrow.\" With eyes rolled. Not good
went back there today and asked for two simple burgers with nothing but ketchup and cheese, not hard, right? apparently it is if your english is as good as your order taking skills
This place is pretty gross.  It's dirty.  The gas station it's attached to need a massive overhaul.  The employees are sketchy-looking at best.  Have some standards, Arby's.
avoid this place! went here for an oil change and to replace air filters - left a mark on old filter to make sure it gets replaced. 3 hours later and a few $$$, picked up the car with the same old filter. got charged but wasn't replaced. DO NOT TRUST! AVOID!
Currently still waiting for my food. It's over 30 minutes late and I ordered 1.5 hours ago.
A REAL hardware store with employees who actually know what's what!!! Such a refreshing change from the big-box stores who's employees have no idea what you're talking about. :^)
I love the Wynn. The staff, rooms and whole experience was great. They have good bacon too. I paid a lot for coffee at their cafe and it was made wrong, but the lovely young man, Dejaun, fixed it promptly and made me feel valued. I would def stay here again and hopefully get to golf their one day.
Bought my S&W 686 here for a decent price. Small shop with an A-OK selection. Customer service is not stellar. Location is convenient. Overall pretty good.
Booked the show based on all the amazing reviews I've read. Laughed the whole time - really great show. He puts a lot of effort into the show and you can tell.
Passable fries. Burger was not good. Lobster roll ok. I apologized to everyone in my party for taking them in there.
Really good.   From the cream if chard soup to the crispy risotto cake sides.  Our sandwiches were also delicious.  Highly recommend this place.
Red curry tasted fishy and I was tofu. Service subpar and phone just kept ringing with one lady during lunch time. Much better options.
Been coming here a while and I'm always treated nicely by all the workers. They're always smiling no matter what. Never had a bad service.
Tasty sandwiches... funny stoner theme... not-so-funny stoner order accuracy. It's a fun fix, but check your sandwich before you leave.
Suede is a resturant inside of the Westin Hotel. They offer a breakfast buffet every morning for $18.00.  I was very unimpressed with the buffet.  I also had dinner and thought the food was terriable for the price.  If the food was half the price I would say it was average.
So happy with our decision to come here this evening. Sushi in Maricopa made me a bit skeptical, but the food and service were amazing!! Strongly suggest the monkey balls.
We hit this place after being at Dos Gringos the night before and it was not of the same caliber.  We were one of only a few people in the place, so it is hard to say if it is a cool hang out place.
Good deal with Groupon but no air conditioning so hot as hell in here....karts are fast and fun but sweaty!!
I've been going to Baci's about 3 years.  Food is the best Italian food I have found in the east valley and they have by far the BEST pizza.  When friends come to visit from out of town we usually go to Baci's; everyone I take there raves about the food.
The health department no longer allows \"pups on the patio\". Boo.
I noticed people either love this show or hate it. But I don't understand how people loved this unless I was on some sort of substance. It was half comedy show in which they just ate cereal and stared at each other. The rest was just a light and sound show. I thought it was a waste of an hour and a half.
Ordered delivery from here, and it was surprisingly good although not the fastest delivery (Friday night). The lo mein was tasty and my sizzling rice chicken was very flavorful, although more sweet than I would have expected. Actually tasted better the second day, too.
Just like everyone else, I bought a deal with them through LivingSocial.  I've sent numerous emails and left over 10 voice mail messages and never heard back from them.  Disappointing!
Overall okay. We got the Tom Ka soup, could be more creamier and a bit over price for the size. We also ordered Pla Koong salad, too much ginger and Thai chicken salad, not really a salad just chicken with cucumbers. So not what we really expected but the taste and service were good.
Pros:\nLoud Crowd\nGood Food\nSemi-Decent drink prices\nBull\nHot Staff\n\nCons:\nNot my type of wanna-be rockstar crowd.
A winner! Lovingly crafted cakes and coffees. Welcoming atmosphere. I only wish they had outdoor tables or a patio out the back. The pistachio \u00e9clairs and blueberry cheesecake are off-the-hook. Home-made ice creams too. Get some.
I could eat the Mu Shu Pork every day and be a happy camper. This dish gets better every time! The portion is large and the service is great. My to go order is always ready in a few minutes.  Not gonna happen at most places!  \nKeep it up and you'll have me as a customer for life.
I love love love Angel Sweet, I just wish it was not in Chandler! It's a little bit pricier than most gelato shops I have been to in Phoenix, but not a big deal. They have a nice variety of choices, but my favorite by far is brownie batter, but they only have it every once in a while.
Chicken Carbonara on fire!! I loved it, along witht th Grape Soda Cocktail, I cant remember the name, but it reminded me of a grape crush and I freaking loved it. Cant wait to go back.
Very good service got seated right away and had a nice view. The BBBLT was good but they don't have any sliced cheese. I like cheese on my BLTs. Prices are good, portions are big.
We went to this buffet for Sunday brunch and it was terrible! Service was bad, food was bad, overall experience was bad. The only good part of this buffet was the chocolate fountain. I wanted to dip some banana pieces in the fountain, but even those were brown! Save your money...eat somewhere else.
This place gets goofy busy. Parking is a pain. BUT in the end it is coffee. Staff is friendly. Drinks come up quick (at least at 6:30am) Great little place with a cool neighborhood feel.
Without question the best burger AZ . All the time taken by storm. Bun, meat, cheddar ... Everything is on top! The hard part: finding a table!
Sehr schwaches Buffet auch im Geschmack.Atmosp\u00e4re k\u00f6nnte besser sein.Bedienung konnte fast kaum deutsch.\nNie wieder.
I placed an order with Erik and this server had the hardest time taking a simple order, the whole group suffers with a lack of brains!   You want to get annoyed go to this Popeyes and eat.   The owner should go on mystery dinners.   They could double their money if the place get rid of the current staff  and hired some leadership!
Shrimp diablo was the best. Just the right amount spices. Service is always awesome! Love this place so much better than its sister property Lindo.
Used to be better the last few times I have stooped and had a cheeseburger not very good. Fries still excellent but could work on burgers and not serve on cold buns for starters and maybe try new meat vendor.
Surprise this place doesn't have many reviews . Place stays busy.so on with my review . Well all I can say is there service is at perfection to me . I've heard and experience the horror storys that happens going to the wrong dry cleaners . Trust me that won't happen hear .
We were the only ones inside,  and had to get up twice to get someone to wait on us.  The food was good,  but with service like that...  monroeville location treated us much better.
It's not necessarily bad, but I've had better brazilian bbq in Long Beach and even Salt Lake City. The beef was under cooked in the middle and the other meats were just bad. Overpriced and the bar can't make a decent drink. Avoid.
Dr. Nathan Blanton was the reason I used to go to this location of Mountain West Chiropractic. Since Dr. Blanton is no longer practicing at this office, I stopped receiving treatment here.  I have now have no idea of the quality of treatment this office now provides.
This is my SPOT! I come here for the Asada Fries, Taquitos or the Tacos..
I find RetLab to have some neat things, but their price points are just about always rediculous. Its fun to look at though and both locatons are completely diffrent in terms of stock( which can prove good or bad).
Mystery meat and velveeta cheese breakfast burrito, served by employees obese from their own fare, guaranteed to scald your mouth and make you sick.
Came in and the restaurant was very empty. We sat down and were greeted later by a waitress that was too busy talking to her friend to even greet us. They were very unpleasant and vulgar and the food was terrible. Don't go.
Good size margaritas with plenty of alcohol for $3.99 during happy hour!!! Doesn't get better than that...
I love this place! I've been coming here for a couple of years and have always had excellent service! I recently started seeing Juan - he's AMAZING! He keeps me laughing and does an incredible cut/color. I highly recommend The Green Room, and Juan!
Giant Eagle is the most expensive supermarket. I usually only buy these items on Sales.
My absolute favorite spot for authentic Thai flavors. The place is clean and the staff are always friendly.
Pineapple fried rice is the bomb!
uhhh...this place is terrible. Like...TERRIBLE. Goodwill next door ranks about 400% better than this place. I have no idea how this place has anything higher than a star??
The pour over coffee was very good!  I found it because of all the great reviews on Yelp and they all are correct - it's a great place to get a cup of your favorite coffee drink.
Very unprofessional, rude manager lacking in customer service skills. When we asked The manager Fresca to assist she was bluntly rude and didn't even consider what we had to say, overall poor customer service
Went w a large group for a buddy's B-Day on a Sat. night.  Service and food was great.  Place is a staple.  Yeah, it's hot food.  Great atmosphere.
I know it's Vegas, but really $11 for a draught beer in the middle of a Tuesday afternoon. I guess you have to pay for all those \"hostess\" standing around!\nWon't be back. Cheers
The food was terrible and cooked unevenly half the burger was raw and the other half was stemming hot. Must be the coal oven.  Over priced was well and lacking fresh fixings.  I wish I had went to IN and OUT instead.
Nello's you never do me wrong. Your pizza is tasty, your Italian Beef is delicious, your appetizers are on target; I only wish I could say something about dessert, but I'm always too full to try! \n\nMaybe next time!
I was really excited to order from here, but the pizza was very average! The price of the pizza is definitely not worth the taste. I more than likely will not order from here again. If I do, it won't be pizza.
Beautiful setting, lots of people, beer, brats ice cream, and live music. The place to be on a summer night! 5 stars!!
Great unique subs- sometimes on the weekend it can get a little backed up so place your order over the phone.  During football season i order either the cole turkey or bobby every sunday and take home to relax and enjoy!
So delicious.! Absolutely loved the carne asada burrito. The steak so fresh and the guacamole was also very fresh. Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for good Mexican at a good price. :)
I tried their Gyro just couple of weeks ago...I had finished everything on my plate including the fries and had even ordered their huge slice of baklava....that baklava was soooo good!!!!!
We were in town for Pat's Run and were craving Chinese good. It was between PF Changs and Little Szechuan. Glad we chose LS. Good, solid Chinese food at a very reasonable price. AND the owner/ hostess was very nice.
The Starbucks staff are very professional and quick!! The store is clean and organized. Also the Pharmacy staff are professional and super helpful.
We decided to leave as the restaurant charges $2 for water and absolutely refuses to provide regular complimentary tap water as is the norm in virtually every other American restaurant. We were a party of 5, which means we would have been on the hook for $10 prior to even ordering from their overpriced menu.
Terrible terrible terrible service. We had a reservation and still waited 40 minutes. We waited 45 minutes for our food and 30 minutes for our bill. The food is okay but overpriced for the quality. The only reason it isn't a 1-star review is the restaurant itself is beautiful; however, I would never return.
This place is old, furniture is ugly, rooms are dark and smelly. Add to that the manager was really rude... this was the worst part of the phoenix trip for me.
Sat outside at bar.  Good for hanging and enjoying the people and the breeze.  Ahi salad and homemade chips are both very good.  Cool vibe.
Amazing sushi\nJust A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!\nWaitress are kinda rude but then again, the sushi/sashimi is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!
Meh, not impressed.  Not a warm and welcoming place.  Was not greeted by my stylist, (when she did come to the chair, she had no idea what my appointment included) Also, had to walk my self out to the front desk to check out.  Did not have a good experience here...
Favorite shawarma in town\nHard to decide between the chicken and beef\nPrefer the plate
Good ice cream and the frozen chocolate covered bananas are a real treat.
Great service, thank you Tim!  Bruschetta was amazing as was the sangria salad.  And great happy hour specials.
After leaving Jos. A Banks across the parking lot where there were no coats in my size (54), I met with Stewart who happily showed me a nice selection in my size and with buy 1 get 1 free, they are tailoring both now.  Good job and great service.
Had a cappuccino. Delicious. Had a sausage breakfast sandwich. Delicious. Great clean environment. Great clientele. Will definitely return.
This place was great! We thought we would try it since its in our neighborhood and were always looking for new restaurants...we had a pepperoni pizza and the fettucini Alfredo with chicken and both were delicious! Were happy also that they deliver and that you can stop in and grab a slice of pizza. So glad we tried it!
I loved it here \n\nIts really clean and the staff is great . if you go during the week the place is virtually empty .
cool yummy good grub, with a nice selection of non-alcoholic beers if i do say so myself.
Best Sandwich on the strip! Always tastes fresh and love that the sandwiches are toasted. My favorites are the Chipotle Chicken, The Reuban, and the Earls Club. The are open 24 hours which is nice if you need a late night bite. Sandwiches are under $10 which is great pricing for the strip.
Yogurt flavors are really tasty-peppermint, oatmeal cookie and nonfat chocolate all tasted incredible with the consistency of yogurt thick and flavorful. This really beats Yogurtini and or one of the chains with silky smooth yogurt with no taste! We will be back again!
Girlfriend had the Philly burger it was Great, with charbroiled taste were thinking this is becoming our New Burger joint.
the fillet Mignon fajitas were not very good, the atmosphere is really cool though.
Good magazine and newspaper reviews led me to Cork Restaurant on a weekday evening.\nVery small portions of good food that do not justify the high prices (cioppino, lamb chops, sorbet)., \nService was good, limited atmosphere.\nWould not return or recommend to anyone.
The actual croissants are good but only if you like plain ones. Very little filling in the sweet ones, and the breakfast ones are are frozen food tasting. Will not return!
Love it.   Spicy, good selection, CLEAN, friendly, amazing food!  So glad it's in e neighborhood. Will be back for sure.
Ew. Each bite was pure fatty nastiness.
Great happy hour, but very inconsistent kitchen.\n\nSome days the foods out in 10 minutes, the next it's 40. \n\nWe consider ourselves regulars , but unfortunately we won't be anymore do to the inconsistency from the kitchen.
So far in Phoenix area this is The place for Indian (south). Never been to one place so many time specially Indian . This place is worth every $.
I have had some horrible experiences in the past with other dentist. When I came to Harris dental 2 years ago, I had no hope. The Harris family helped me see that there was hope and I could have a beautiful smile again. The staff is so friendly and the doctors are so knowledgeable. I will never see another dentist!!
GARBAGE! They make McDonalds look good. The is meat poor quality. When I told them that it was garbage meat, they told me to file a complaint downstairs. I told them that the management knows what they are serving - I don't need to wast my time. And, neither should you.
Great \"pie!!!\" Me and the family had a pepperoni and sausage pie that was awesome, great flavor, crust wasn't to thick or thin, just right. \nKeep up the good work guys and good luck!
Can you be addicted to Panda Express? Cause I think I may have a Panda abuse problem...or I've just convinced myself that its good for me cause it's the only way I can make myself eat veggies!
this store has a lot of gourmet items in it compared to the one I usually go to and they have a Starbucks inside. \nThe store was very clean and well stocked. The workers were nice as well
Best Hawaiian food in Vegas.  The food is delicious.  The prices are reasonable for the huge portions you get.  The service is awesome and the staff is friendly.  I would recommend going when they open, or in between lunch and dinner because the place gets pretty packed.
Food ok. Good variety of beer. Cops everywhere! If youre drinkn have a designated driver or call cab.
Very modern and eye catching hotel.  Love the decor and lobby area. The rooms seems a bit nicer in the ohotis. Little smaller than thought.
This place is mediocre, at best. I was so hot in there is was completely uncomfortable. They were cooling the place with swamp coolers during monsoon season....not exactly yet the best idea. The food was okay but the staff was really rude and inattentive.
Surprisingly good food for a random \"Irish\" pub in the middle of a casino. Authentic and tasty is was.  I recommend the Mac and cheese and the steak pie things they serve as appetizers. Really good.
Onion soup had too much cheese. Filet had little taste, wasn't seasoned well, over cooked on the outside and tough. Staff weren't very friendly.
The food here isn't great but it isn't bad either. It's cheap but Champaign has lots of great Chinese options such as Lai Lai Wok or Golden Harbor nearby. Among the cheaper options though, this is about par.
I was surprised when I walked in looks better on the inside then I expected. I love how dark it is inside and the candle lit tables to bad its only like that on the smoking side. The food is just average and the prices are to high for what they serve. I would go back but only if I had a coupon!
This place is lame. Don't waste your time.
Great New Age Burger Joint. It's a Bar, Meets a wide range of burger options, from turkey to Grass fed. Not your typical burger place and well priced for quality.  The Salted Carmel  shake was the best I've had, so good show old chap.  Lol enjoy.
Great cupcakes. Moist and perfectly sweetened. Great flavors too. Treat yourself to some outstanding cupcakes today, especially if you are only familiar with grocery store ones. You'll never go back after this.
Good burgers but would rather pay less and go next door to In n Out. Very expensive for what you get. Not really worth it.
Due to my job I tend to be out and about at crazy hours.  So this is a place I tend to hit up between 11pm and 1am.  It takes a while to get your food, but in this case I am saying that is a bonus and not a negative.  Their food is always fresh and worth the wait.
Go during happy hour but I wouldn't go any time else.
We ate outside.  The service was good, but the meat in EVERY taco was horribly salty.  By that I mean it was so salty that it overpowered the rest of each taco.  The appetizers were good.  They just need more QC in the kitchen.
Fantastic food! Cool vibe and decor. The wait time in the middle of lunch time was a little long so don't go if you're in a hurry (or perhaps call ahead). I had the Italia salad and it was delicious! If I ever come back to Gilbert, I'll be stopping by Liberty Market!
i asked them to please wipe down my back seat, a simple request, i was told sure, was not done.  they didn't empty my trash bag that i have hanging near the glovebox, my windshield was still not clean.  not the best place just convenient.
tC's recently introduced a weekend breakfast menu so we decided to stop by on our way to Red Rock Canyon.  My wife ordered the New Orleans French toast with fresh strawberries while I selected the bayou buttery buttermilk waffles with strawberries and whipped cream.  Both dishes tasted good, sounded better, but not worth a long drive
Usually a big fan, I guess the menu is different with locations. I went in with the intentions of having tortilla soup, and instead I got the caldo de pollo because they didn't have tortilla soup. All I ate was the vegetables because the chicken tasted weird, overall I wasn't happy with my dinner.
Been a few times, one of the better mexican restaurants in town.
Another year. another great event.  Even more beer, a little more space, and a better vibe overall for 2013.  Oh, this year the sample glasses were glass instead of plastic which was an improvement.
James was incredibly helpful, knowledgable, and patient.  So grateful to have had James assist us today.  All the staff at this Mor location were friendly and helpful.  I would recommend this store to my friends.
Got the 10\" pete-zer with all the veggies and meats (Minus Anchovies) it was very good. I came for dinner it was a little pricey for the size of the pie. But their lunch specials blows the competition away with the all you can eat 1 topping slices.
I bought a spaghetti dinner and it was really good food. Hot, tasted good, and decent sized serving for the price. I liked that I got my food quickly and the staff was friendly. There is a drive-thru.
Food is over priced and not special at all. Definitely a \"Meh.. Ive experienced better\"
Anyone who knows anything about shawarmas knows this is Montreal's finest. The food is great. The creation is amazing. These people were sent from god himself to give us Montrealers the best food ever. God bless them.
Food was FANTASTIC! Great Mexican food and the atmosphere is great. I would definitely come back. They have industry night on Tueadays starting at 5PM.. Who is coming with me?!\n\nThe only downside was it was hard to find. They need a sign on industrial road.
Being a transplant Pittsburgher (and partially Polish) that now lives in Florida, I am so sad that I have just been introduced to this place on vacation. Oh my goodness, probably the best pierogies that I've ever had. Love the store itself, amazing selection of everything Polish. A must-stop when in the 'burgh!
Mediocre food and drinks. We were in for an early lunch (late breakfast) and staff was very slow and not very helpful.
Reasonable price , good food, friendly staff
Did not know it was a gay bar until I was eye fucked bye a 300 lb Samoan
Nice, safe, location. Clean restaurant. Great tasting subs and cheesesteaks.
Bad food. Bad service. Bad drinks. I guess we caught our server on an off night, but the next day we ate here again after leaving the pool and the food was even worse than the night before.
YUM! What more can be said!? Need to come here more often! Lunch is a great portion, but by far the pitas are my absolute favorite.
I love this place!!! I was desperate to find a dress and I didn't have much time and a limited budget. These 2 made it happen. They were so friendly and helpful. If it wasn't for this store I don't know what I would have done!
SUCH a cute idea!\nConvenient, delicious food, and neat ambience. \nSmiles all around.
Not really sure why everybody's so nuts about this place. Although I have to say, their turnovers are sweet (but not too sweet) and flakey and fantastic but other than that, nothing really wowed me.
In 3 words: Not worth it. \nThe patties were store bought and the price, outlandish considering. Honestly, you may as well go across the street to the 5 Guys.
I called and requested Noble Cleaners to clean 3 high traffic areas in my home. They did a superb job!!!! They were on time, professional, and personable! They even gave us advice on products to minimize the dirt accummulation in our high traffic areas. I will be using them again for sure!
I've been coming here for years. Everyone is super nice. The salon is always clean. I've never had a problem. Sommer is not only my nail tech, she's a true friend. She's truly wonderful. Check this place out!!
My daughter loves this place. We got the meat pie. Sooo good, loaded with meat and so tasty. Love the humongousaurus size. I think it weighs 20 lbs.
Dark-medium roast!
Just had fish tacos there and they were some of the best we ever had. The owner adds a gracious touch and is very charming. The decor is very chic and modern. Would make it one of anyone's choices for eating out. We are visiting from Seattle and wish it was there instead of here!
Great food . The wait was a little longer then I expected but other then that everything was good
Lovely situation, generally fine in terms of food and service. Ideal place to go for an after work drink and food stop with pals.
Very well run store with polite staff
Enjoyed the dinner, but valet brought back my car with a ripped off rear view mirror.\nFirst response from valet was we weren't responsible.  The dinner was fresh tasting, but above put a bad taste in my mouth.
I love this place! Good customer service!
Happy hour is pretty good. Food quality has been going down for the last year. it used to he really good and now its a little below ok. Sushi chef Ino is the best though.
I've always ordered to-go whenever I've been here, and the service is super fast. I love their tacos. Great value for the substance.
Big family fun! The lights were impressive and they have a radio station you can turn in to hear holiday music. They even offer you coloring books, mints, hot chocolate and water (for $2) when you enter.
Unmemorable: yes. Convenient, generally good food, catering, staff, and atmosphere: also yes. Very accommodating to students so at the end of the day I have no complaints.
Love the deals that they have on hair products. Get on their email list. They send lots of coupons via email and the postal system. Every summer they have the $11.98 liter sale on conditioners and shampoos. LOVE IT!
Staff helpful, free shuttle to take you to the airport or pick you up. Free wifi in the room. Denny's restaurant in 2 steps. Car rental on the other side of the road.
Had the large Angus beef and cheese, was pleasantly shocked at the size of it, I've got a big appetite and it was filling for even me.  Outstanding customer service, mind numbing sandwich. Will definitely be back again.
I came here yesterday and ordered a slice of chocolate cake. ( I even fell asleep and they left me alone!) The cake was sweet and it had been chilled in the refrigerator. No one was there when I walked in. I'd come back.
The grocery store here is fantastic!  There are also some tasty restaurant s! Parking can be a little bit complicated sometimes but don't let that discourage you.  I prefer to go during off peak hours because there's a lot of items packed into this place.
You have to go see this futuristic stadium just because everything around is such a train wreck. The concrete plaza surrounding the structure makes you want to cut your wrists. \n\nYou won't regret going just because of the strangeness of it all.
Total dive which is awesome  good drink specials. . However they allow doucebag behavior which is a big turn-off. Good drink specials don't forgive the bad behavior. I can get a get a 4.00 drink anywhere.
Hearty food, quick, friendly service, reasonable prices. Solid breakfast joint.
I would've given them 4 stars for decent food and great service. But the 1 star is because as I'm eating my fruit bowl I find a long black hair in it. Gross so I called and they offered to remake it but who wants to eat another meal after that!?
Best sports bar in Old Town and a great place for a drink before a Giants game and a quick walk to the stadium before (and after).
YUM!  Everything we had was good.  There were a few confusions in our ordering b/c it was so loud.  Go with an empty stomach and an open mind.
you call this a hot dog.. yuck    what is Italian beef ??  no such thing in Italy .  they should also treat there employees better too..
Dinner on a Sunday evening at 7:30 pm. Our first time and we had a great meal,  wonderful service. Our waitress knew entire menu and able to suggest items, describe them for us. Nice atmosphere and quaint setting. Glad we found Malees.
great selection, great customer service......creepy creepers loitering !!! ekkkkkk
Unprofessional and unimpressed.  Definitely shop around as there are so many property management companies in the area.  I'm fortunate enough to have found a upstanding and professional company.
By far the best catfish I had in Las Vegas service was good. I would come back here to try the rest of the menu
Casual atmosphere, awesome food and very affordable. Highly recommended! Top it all off with the deep fried PB&J dessert ;-)
This is one of the best day trips in Las Vegas. The grounds and architecture are amazing and there are so many wonderful exhibits to see. It is impossible to see everything in one day so you can enjoy repeated visits. Don't miss the gardens below - they are lovely.
While visiting Squirrel Hill, I had a serious need for coffee and my friends directed me straight to The Coffee Tree Roasters. I had an iced coffee with caramel and it was amazing - not too sweet, strong enough and they have the front window removed for easy access to the summer breeze and people-watching on Forbes. Very nice.
I like this one... not too hectic for a Superstore, and, well, it's super...
This place always has a wait but it goes by pretty fast.  The portions are big enough to feed the whole family. I love the watermelon lemonade.  I'll defiantly make this place a tradition on every Vegas trip
I always get the same thing, but my friends do get other stuff and they agree it is great. I get the chicken teriyaki bowl with breast meat. Not only is it delicious but it is so much food, we always have left overs.
Service is slow, even when it's not crowded. Food is bland. I've been here a few times, and I always leave wondering how I spent so much money with such little satisfaction.
Good food, good atmosphere, terrible prices. $3 burger for $6
atmosphere is ok to pretty good and the wine selection is good.  apps are well done and a few good choices on bigger bites.  with not much else in the area it rocks...but the patio could use a little TLC.  will be back for more!
Good refried beans, very interesting and delicious tacos, chips were good.  Unfortunately, the salsa tastes exactly like marinara sauce and the rice is a little flavorless.  Otherwise pretty good!
Love their shaved ice. And they deliver to my house! Just wish they had larger portions...(for the price)
Great seafood and wine. Very helpful and knowledgeable staff.
Great the first time we went and horrible the 2nd time
They run a monopoly and they know it! \nIf I had a choice- I would dump this company so fast! \n1. no customer service (rude) \n2. billing issues from their side \n3. their issues- but they disconnect service very fast, even in freezing temperatures
I've been going to My Mothers since I've been 8 years old. The food here is fantastic and the people are amazing. I love this place.
One of the best pizzas I've had in Charlotte. They also sell pizza by the slice which is a plus.
If the staff isn't over flooded with orders the food and service is fine. If they are busy they ignore call in orders and the burritos kinda of suffer.
I love this place! Cold beer, relaxed Irish pub feeling and great entertainment. I have on rare occasion seen a cocktail waitress working but we usually go to see a live band and just our drinks from the bar.
Alcohol and Dessert.\n\nThat's all I got to say.\n\nI had a giant chocolate cake sundae and a strong as hell margarita - they use Grand Marnier and Tequila.  Me likey.
Not a very big or kept up park. Lots of dog poop left around the park and only street parking, no parking lot. Grass needs to be cut as well. The 2 times ive been here the grass has been long and lots of poop scattered about. Park definetly has potential if kept up.
Eat here all the time my favorite breakfast spot.  Definitely worth a drive if its not close to you.
Great Lunch Specials! Cheap and Great food; however, they can use the chicken from the sweet and sour chicken for the lemon chicken. But I would go back again! Very Tasty!
I asked them NO meat on my breakfast brisket and it was repeted to the person makin it.and when I got it there was becon on it.. but eggs were good n fresh
Used to love this place! Tonight the food was bland lacking flavor and the servers seemed to be in such a hurry just to rush you out the door. Had the tenderfoot Cajun style which was just average for the price. The sides tastes like they were straight out of a buffet! Highlight of the meal was the apple pie.
Awful place.  Prices are higher than the corner 7-Eleven.  The workers are unhappy.  The manager looked like he hadn't showered and he told his employee to break after working two hours.  I know this because they talked about it while the employee was ringing me up.  :-/. Rude and not worth it.
Meal includes a trip to the excellent salad bar. Fried flounder, shrimp and scallops don't disappoint. Orion rings are very good. Hush puppies are very good.
It's 9:01am. They should open at 9. No one is answering the phone and the lights are off. No signs saying they are closed the day after 4th of July. I wonder what's up? Crazy. My son wants to play.
Nice park.\n\nNot real big though.  Has 2 full size soccer fields.  Basketball court.  Jungle gym for the kids.  Tennis courts.  I think they has lights for the basketball and tennis.\n\nThey have security patrolling if that makes anyone feel better.
Even with a Groupon certificate I really felt cheated the food there is very inconsistent not my first visit but definitely my last trip they've mostly cater to people that are here from their home country we were seated first served last's horrible service will never return again even if it was free
Poutine clan ain't nothin to f*** with.
Um ya ok.
absolutely amazing as always. ive been coming in for about a year and the service food and drinks are always great. prices are fair but the owner will make u the best drinks u have ever had, not to mention her awesome paintings through out. \n\nwell worth the visit.
Clean
I've been here twice this week, love the food! Their Indian Fried Bread is the BEST! The onion rings and chips are great... the french fries are kinda bland and boring.  I will be back!  I highly recommend this place!
Have frequented this location off and on the past three years. For what it is the food is always good and the staff is always friendly. Never had any issues here and my kids always enjoy coming when we do. Place is great if you don't want fast food but don't have the time for a big sit down restaurant.
Good food and service. Not the best, but a lot better then Olive Garden or Macaroni Grille.
Great movie experience for the family. Love the idea of having a glass of wine served during the movie and being able to order a popcorn refill for the kids instead of having to leave the theater and miss part of the movie.
Came here for dinner on a Tuesday and have no idea why this place would be as empty as it was. The service was good and the food was amazing! We had the chicken & broccoli and the mixed grill lo mein and recommend both dishes to others. Everyone should come and try this hidden gem in the Northside!
This place is a rip-off. Don't bother coming here. They will gouge you for a henna tattoo they claim lasts 3-4 weeks...5 days later it disappears like magic. Along with your money.
Great company to help you with your garage storage needs. Bob is easy to work with. Great prices and professional!
As an organized freak, this store is the bestest with the mostest!  To organize anything, they have got it.  Just walking thru gives me ideas to neatin up my life!!
great selection VERY HIGH PRICES
I just grabbed a quick bite while waiting for a friend.  The service was fast and friendly but since I was having a late breakfast I can only compare it with an Ihop or Dennys.  Perfectly OK.
Tons of flavors to choose from! You could get something different everytime for awhile keeping the place new. Friendly staff at this location. The I've is smooth, best shaved \"sno\" you can get. Isn't chunky at all, no big cubes of ice
Love the service and smiles everytime we visit this store!
I've had dinner here so many times. But more recently it seems that the food quality and friendliness of waiters have deteriorated. The one thing that's consistently great is the bread.
This is the best Target in Vegas. I've been to 6 and this store is great. Staff are friendly. Returns are easy. Clearance is regularly cheaper than other area Targets. The only thing missing is a Starbucks. Please please put one in!!!
AZ boba tea places just don't match up to more Asian-saturated regions, like the Bay Area. But this place is decent. Lots of good flavors, fast service, and recently added on pudding for extra ingredients.
Great place, but be prepared to spend a penny. Recommendation is to try the wellness drink most definitely
The lunch specials are great!
Mmmm, Bout' time Famous Dave's ain't cuttin' it!!!
Lip sync, can't dance, waste of time and $$!  We walked out 30 minutes into the show.  I don't see Planet Hollywood keeping that hot mess around for 2 years!!
This place has no customer service, and does not prepare food at normal temperature that is approximate for consumption. The main entree was the issue, and they forget the salad, but sent the dressing with the delivery, Idiots. The entire place needs to be replace or closed.
We just bought our first Audi at Audi North Scottsdale.  I love the car and the process...it was the easiest and BEST car buying experience I have ever had! Brian and Nancy fantastic - knowledgeable, professional, and thorough.
I bought almost $200 worth of groceries and other things.  I was appalled to learn that the cashier charged me for THREE pet brushes when I only got TWO.  Fucking losers!!!
This is now Dilon's---a BBQ joint with decent food. Their sauce lacks punch (the Cajun is spicy but just nasty) but the service was very good and the burnt ends where delicious as always. The beans are a particular treat compared to some other BBQ places.
Customer service is critical in the restaurant business. The cook actually refused to remake a dish that he screwed up. Here is a suggestion for you guys. If the customer wants vanilla, get the customer vanilla. Don't try to convince them that the chocolate is better. He should have that.
This is by far the best restaurant! From the moment you walk in till you leave everything is done with class. Food is always great
Beautiful, clean office and extremely friendly, knowledgable staff. They know what they are doing. Won't disappoint!
This is my first time eating here and I ordered Bacon and cheddar cheese omelet. I wish I took a picture so I have a proof thatthe bacon in the omelet that they served to me was burnt. My omelet taste bitter because of the burnt bacon.  Not a happy customer.
If you want to experiance the presence of God this is the place. the Holy spirit is tangible here. This is an AWESOME CHURCH
Double D's kicked a guy out of the bar for kissing his boyfriend. Avoid this hate ridden establishment. There are plenty of other fine bars in lawrenceville for you to spend your money. Clearly the owners and staff of Double D's doesn't value \"ALL\" of their customers.
Great staff!  They are very helpful and made the whole process very enjoyable.\n\nVery knowledgeable staff and extremely excited about diving.
Ate beaf and broccoli the first night here, it Was good, the second night, oh gosh, they mixed everything , it was impossible to get boilded rice, and when we finaly got our food it was red meat. Grose
Been here tons of times. I've had no real problems. They have forgotten some of my sides a couple times
Old and dry fish and shrimp, the quality of the roll was very poor, amateur. Horrible, the chef was unhappy to be behind the counter. The waitress was horribly rude and short.
We tried two of the $20 cocktails, nether tasted that good. basically its a $5 drink.  For $20, the cocktail ether needs to be large or taste really good, these did nether.
We've contacted her three times and have gone over a month without a quote. Each time she promises the quote by the next day - and each time it never happens. If she's already this unreliable this early in the process who knows if she'd even bother to show up for the occasion.
I love the color of my hair, but the student I had Austin he was very so rude,  kept pulling my hair didn't wash all the dye out of my hair.  The teachers were just as rude as the students. STAY AWAY FROM AUSTIN!!!!!
The food was okay, but I don't people really go here for that. The atmosphere was fun. There are a ton of games to play. The selection is huge. Would be a great place for a teenager or adult's birthday.
The wonton's pretty good -- big and full of meats. We tried some crispy pork stomach that was rather tasteless. The red bean drink (and probably the rest of them too) was not worth it (full of ice.) Otherwise what you would expect from an average Chinese restaurant in the Bay Area.
This place is printing money and rightfully so. They simply do a bang up job. Best BBQ in AZ.
Lunch buffet was only $9.99! The best quoalit and great selection.  I want to try dinner soon.  Love it!  :)
So I decided to give in to the hype and we got our drink to go, and for $15 it was completely overrated!  The frozen hot chocolate tasted like something that could have been easily made at home, so I wasn't super impressed.  I agree with the other reviewer, Coffee Bean is definitely better and has less sugary options.
Great little tacos on Fremont St. Carne Asada tacos and spanish rice were good. Cheep eats and open late!
By far THE BEST edamame I've ever had!!!! No longer order it anywhere else. I promise you will never go back to steamed edamame again...disgusting in comparison to Simon's charred, epic, party in my mouth.
I ordered pho, the meat tasted like it wasnt cooked. I told the waiter and he replied: \"you shouldn't ordered that\". Worst pho ever!!!
The owner of this company is severely lacking in professionalism and care for the customer.  Compassion is not in his vocabulary.  I attempted to use his service, but just after the two brief telephone calls with the owner, I will tell everyone I know NOT to use this company.  Simply awful...zero customer service.
Very nice bar and the prices are very reasonable, if they put 2 (diamond) tables in there instead of 1 bar table and 1 build at home type pool table it would make this bar a very awesome place to hang out at and take pool league teams all week 24/7.
best coffee, nice employees!
Really good food. The chicken was perfectly done. You could go there for the rice alone. Awesome!
Average Sears chain.
So glad to have found a bar on Mill Ave. on New Years Eve with decent drinks specials. Didn't get the food, but did 5 beers for $10. Twice. Seemed to do the trick. Otherwise, this place seemed like the run of the mill (no pun intended) boring taco shop in a college town.
My husband and I were married on 3-1-13 I liked how we were able to control out wedding and make it OURS! Really enjoyed the garden thank you :)
If you want to have fun at a casino. .this is the right place.  Dont expect to win all the time. .but you may be surprised.
By far the best croissant, flakey, crisp, every bite was amazing, the food had great flavour and really good service, best experience i had in las vegas.
Showed up with a group of people after kickball and hostess was very short and un-accommodating. After waiting at a dirty table and no service, we left.
Best food ever. So yummy. And as good as the food is the service is even better.
All the pastries look amazing.  So many different kinds and they're all beautiful.  Cakes, cookies, croissants, crepes, oh my!  The line is kinda long and it's a little bit pricey.  I love the display cakes they always have up.  They're gorgeous.
Gutes mexikanisches Restaurant. Sch\u00f6ner Biergarten.
No flavor not worth the price only thing I tasted was salt. Also it took a long time to get the food.  After only 2 bites I had had enough and tossed it.  Checked off my to try list and I gotta say I was pretty disappointed.
Resto ferme
The original is New York, but that only makes it more fitting that this steak mecca be located in the New York, New York resort in Las Vegas. Sit down and pick out a great piece of meat at a place that will remind of the steakhouses you've eaten at back east.
No sashimi all rolls. not as fresh. They want you to eat every piece of rice. Overpriced. Long wait. Not worth the  time and money and not too many selections. Never coming back!!!
This Taco Bell is terrible. The food is the same as any other Taco Bell, but the service here is downright sad. They have messed up my order 3 times in a row. I hate sour cream and always ask for no sour cream and every time I always get sour cream. This place sucks at life, go somewhere else.
Photos and decor are better than the taste of food...
Haven't been in here since it was remodeled, but I do like the new upgrades.  Service was good, more of an open feel.  The cheese curds were good,  but they weren't as golden brown as I prefer.  They had dollar tacos today which were tasty and a good deal.
I have been to a lot of sushi restaurants and this one is up there with em all. The service is quick and the fish is fresh. The edamame isn't over salted. The toro was top5 I've had. The bartender was pleasant and gave great suggestions. Love it! Id come back.
Management did contact me and I appreciate their effort in taking constructive criticism from a customer.  They stated they would talk to their employees and if anyone goes, I am sure fellow yelpers, will appreciate if someone puts an update to see if their service did in fact improve.
Sad to say that so far there's only been one person in the pharmacy dept. that has been friendly & helpful. The rest of the people who assisted me acted as if I were bothering them. Very poor customer service skills.
Absolutely amazing. \n\nGreat food and such sincerely friendly service! These guys definitely love what they're doing. \n\nJust be ready for a wait. Or have them fire up the heat lamps outside, which is what we did. So glad we found this spot. Thank you yelp!
Been eating here on and off since 1982. My favorite Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix
A nice trendy place to eat the sources everything local and fresh. If your looking for intimacy this is not the place as your conversation will be heard with the table next to you. It was very cramped with small portions for the money, but worth a try if you want something different.
Chili cheeseburger was great and prepared just the way I like it.  Good portion size, friendly service and a relaxed atmosphere.  I will go back next time I am in Scottsdale.
Been coming here for years. Great food with generous portions at a reasonable price. Breakfast is sold all day and it's too good to pass up. On top of it all the staff is friendly and efficient. Love this place.
What can I say... it's a Burger.... but it's decent.
I agree with the previous posts that it is ordinary, but I seem to go back here often so the food must be descent. Haven't had anything else in the Centropolis I would go back to.
I went to Princess Nails after hearing good things about this establishment only to be let down. During my eyebrow wax the technician did a poor job by not listening to my requests, she did not soothe my just waxed skin with any type of cooling gel, and left wax and hair on my face after the wax.
Great place to get some rolls and saki for a moderate price. The service was great and everyone I encountered in the restaurant was nice and pleasant. The rolls were decent and we were able to order a good amount off of the happy hour menu. I would honestly prefer coming here instead of RA.
The employees are friendly and seem knowledgable but 2 hours to get a flat fixed is unacceptable. I will be taking my business elsewhere from now on.
We inhaled the food! \n\nIt was Labor Day weekend so the place was packed. Food still came out fast and delicious. Our server was great too. I also loved all the big flat screens without the sports bar vibe.
Nice hotel, lots of restaurants. The hotel is at the beginning of the strip so you will have to do some walking to get to the other hotels. Overall decent pricing for what you get but because of the location I would not choose it again.
So wonderful! Large portions and friendly service. I recommend the shrimp and spinach omelet... Its amazing!! There's no shortage of ingredients so bring your appetite. But honestly everything is delicious... Take everyone you know!
Received at least 38 demerits after inspection by the Southern Nevada Health District.  see the following article for details --http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/07/03/japanese-favorite-ichiza-shut-down-by-snhd.php
Great food.  Lunch box's are awesome  veg: $3.99, meat: $4.99.  Comes with oven baked flat bread.  Good service and clean.\n\nTwo thumbs up!
Great atmosphere and a great menu.  Have never had a bad meal the many times I've visited. The entree's are great and throwing in a salad is also a nice option.  I would highly recommend a business lunch or family dinner at the Baxter Fish Market.
Good god - it's not that we sat down for brunch with HIGH expectations... But the huge servings of terrible food didn't make up for the fact that it was still terrible food.  Service was terrible to boot.
Update time!  The owner of this business contacted me this week and has addressed my concerns about my prior experience and my issue has been resolved to my satisfaction.  Thanks, My Auto!
Tried American BBQ Shack because it had good reviews and 4/5 stars. Boy, was I disappointed. The food was less than mediocre and the service was just the same. I do not recommend this place. There are plenty of other better BBQ places.
Good Japanese food teisoku box are good combos and if your in the mood for all you can eat sushi this is the place to grind!
This place surprisingly exceeded my expectations. The curry was excellent and the staff is very helpful. I would definitely go back.
HOOD! HOOD! HOOD! customers are super scary. Staff was great.
I love their calamari grill, kampachi, the quality of their tuna is the best in Vegas!
I was so excited to go to this place, because of the great yelp rating it has,but the only thing I can say is : IT WAS JUST OK , not even  good :(
I dont know why this place is packed every night, but it is. Not a fan of their wings. Always too long of a wait for what its worth. Two stars because its close to home.
Service, food, atmosphere was blah. Won't be back.
I like this Smiths. It's in my neighborhood, has everything I usually want, and also has two Redboxes. If you want baked goods it's best to come earlier in the day. By night, almost everything is gone. Also, it's open 24 hrs. \n\nCheap gas too.
Love the place and food. Service is great. Staff is very friendly and well mannered. At weekends it's very busy. We tried mixed grill, minced chicken kabob and da sandwiches. Little bit expensive but still good.
This seems like a Pittsburgh institution. We were visitng from San Francisco and the concierge at our hotel recommended it. We all enjoyed our breakfasts and we will come again whenever we are back in this city.
I must  have been in a funky mood. Maybe I shouldn't have mixed sushi and Thai food together. Because I didn't think the food is so wonderful today. The beef salad is probably the best dish I have.  The lemongrass chicken is bland.
Bartender Matt was on break on my most recent visit, but the crew behind the bar -- Dustin and Moises were equally excellent!  They're true professionals and deliver top-notch service (not to mention, delicious Kentucky Mules)!  Thanks, guys!
This place is awesome! Jake is my new lucky charm. Two royals in two days....oh yeah!! They really know how to take care of their gamblers. :) Plus alot of other things for non-gamblers as well.
I will never order Pizza from Dominos again. The replacement pizza was a little better. Till I got to the half that was not cooked. Nothing better then a pizza with good toppings, bottom of the dough cooked and the middle uncooked. How is this even possible. Who cares. I suggest you do not order from this place.
Food was good, ZAGAT review is just not write! A/C must have been broken! Again my big issue was ZAGAT rating so untrue!
Expensive, bad coffee with a very rude staff. The coffee tasted like water and they charged almost five dollars for a \"large\" which was actually a medium. Do not go here.
My experience has been good since they opened.\nI have not been there this year but probably have eatin in, possibly 50 times. I have never used drive through.\nNo problems with food, orders, service. Lobby has been resonably clean.
I love this location.  The staff is always awesome and super friendly, especially at night :)  Out of the Taco Bell's I've been to in Phoenix, this is definitely my favorite for that very reason.
This place rocks, the owners are super knowledgable, and friendly, and the thursday wine class is a blast...You are a doinker if you do not support this local business
I like Nandos as its reasonable and very quick, if you are trying to catch a film. The staff are a mixed bunch, but on the whole nice. I think that they are just young and not so used to dealing with customers.\nNot great for vegetarians, but if you like chicken you're sorted.
The steak frites are great! However don't order theses food, it was old-very old and had probably been in the fridge for at least a month. Spent $800, service is amazing- hence the 2 stars but food is better at McDonald's :(
Slow service and way over priced. They didn't even use air freshener either. I will not be returning. It's unfortunate because the location is very convenient.
I am completely horrified at the service I received from Centennial Hills Animal Hospital. Please,  please,  please do not take your animal to this place if you truly care about your family member. The staff will not care about your concerns,  only your money.
It really was a beautiful dance in the water. The athletic abilities of the performers is just astounding. We saw Mystere the last time we were here and I think I liked it better, but this was still very good.  Sit at least 3 rows back if you don't want to get wet.
Great drinks, great service, and yummy small plates. The place is hip. Try the Smashed Chips! Can't wait to return to try more drinks.
I furnished my house with: dining room, living room and master bedroom with this store and was very happy with the price and service overall :) Love it!!
This place is okay. The waiter was horrible and barely checked on us. The food was also not too good. It was very bland and didn't have a lot of taste to it. I will not be coming back.
This McDonalds is the best in the area and the only one that actually has friendly and fast service!
A fine choice in a hotel. Decent food. Good service.
Wine selection is FANTASTIC!\nThis place is a hidden gem among those of us who love good food paired with good wine. \nService is OK when it gets busy Good when things are slow. I have had lunch and dinner there for a couple of years now and have never been disappointed.
There's a reason it has 3 Michelin stars. I don't know what to say about this amazing place that hasn't already been said. Make sure your bank account is in good order, and if you're trying to do this place on the cheap (good luck with that) remember about tax and TIP for these awesome servers.
A MUST when are in Vegas. great food great variety and friendly staff. Will be back next time I am in town. \n\nGO KINGS GO !!!
I would give them a negative star if possible. I scheduled a 2pm pick up to the airport and No Show No Call!! Discount cab to the rescue! Yellow can suck it. Unreliable!!!
I'm let Ron to take care of my car for almost two years and never had any issues,  he is very honest person and very professional,  the rates always was reasonable, I'm very recommend this place ;)
Sushi Loca is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. Your food is terrific and the service outstanding. However, the other day I had lunch with you and the music (hip-hop and rap) was inappropriate for a restaurant. I'll try again, but if this continues, you will have lost a regular customer.
Good breakfast food items.  Excellent service.  Clean rooms.  Free WiFi.
The service stunk other than the woman bartender. Three of the guys looked at me about 5 times and didn't take my order. This is a college/young crowd bar so I probably didnt belong there anyway so live and learn when your visiting from out of town.
ZELDA should be FIRED!  The worst service in the history of service.  I've never been cut off at a coffee bar before after she tried to educate me on the difference between coffee and espresso.  Ummm okay.  Won't be back.
Filthy line. You would think they would be more concerned with the appearance of the kitchen(line) sense it is visible. Its makes you question the sanitation. I won't be coming back.
Great ramen with a good variety of Japanese food, portions are fairly size able w/ good taste. What I like about this place is the portions are great for the price.
This hotel is huge! The rooms are super nice and big. Love that there are so many shops and restaurants within the hotel too.
Meh sums it up. There are better middle eastern places out there, but if you're in the neighborhood, this will do. It's decent, just not much to write home about.
Is an OK venue....
From living in NYC for 27 years I tried this place and I took one bite and threw it all away. And very expensive
The scale outside is fun for people watching as are the spankings administers for not eating your dinner. The shakes are good. The fries are not great. The burgers are average. Our service was only fair. I personally won't make that stop again and don't really recommend it at all.
Stunning entrance.  New interior.  Very nice pool area.  We would stay here again.
Nice hotel... Shops are great. However customer service is horrible! Rooms smell horrible, room was dirty, gross sink that reeked of vomit. When we arrived there were dishes outside... Asked for towels twice and never got them. Very careless customer service! Never staying here again!!!!!!!!
just love this place, really one of the best Chinese in town.\nfast delivery, last time I got it home in less then 20 min.\nlove the dinning atmosphere,  bar & Chinese,  great combo
The food was ok.  Waitress forgot my guacamole.  Wait staff continually bumped into our table.  Great wine list.  Nice decor.  I may or may not try again.  Not impressed by the food. Id go up to Narcisse or True Food instead.
East meets west. It's not authentic but is appealing for a quick, fresh lunch. I like the pad thai extra spicy.
would give zero stars if I could. place does not give two craps about the customer. go somewhere else and be treated with respect.
An OK meal from a place that I'll probably never return to.
This place is definitely not my favorite & the prices are a bit on the high side for the amount of food you get. Taste wasn't exceptional either but the smoothie was delish, although at almost $8, I'll just make my own food & make my own smoothie. Thanks but no thanks.
Kind of on the expensive side but hey what bar isn't right? Staff of very good looking people. Hung out here for about a half hour or so, great atmosphere.
I asked the waiter if this cafe made good bacon and eggs. He assured me it did. Take my advice, have them microwave your flip flop and eat that instead. It would taste a lot better.
very comfortable, authentic Irish pub.  did not eat but what we saw looked and smelled good.  Had Black and tans and they were done well.  service was good considering it was crowded.  Great location with all the other places around it...makes for a good adult pub crawl/progressive dinner....
U can buy their beautiful tea sets and/or enjoy their Chinese tea at the shop using the beautiful pottery
I'm still waiting to find out what the big deal is about this place. The place itself was nice. However, the cocktails were awful and the food was decent, but nothing special. Not to mention that the service was slow and inattentive.
This club is awful. Shitty shitty layout. Only 2 bars? And one of them is by the entrance? \n\nThe bartenders suck here (they suck everywhere in Vegas, but especially here). \n\nDon't bother with this place
I was\"t able to come in to buy the dress I want during the sale so Evanna said I could call in to put a deposit down so I could get the dress at the sale price still. She was very patient and accomodating. I could not ask for better customer service!
made in front of your eyes. Decent crepes
Ok it was straight- this was the only place close to my house that would take me in at the last minute.
Just a heads up that this place moved to 7210 E Main Street. Same great family but they also reversed the name so the sign says: \"Roma Cafe.\"
Awesome experience! My husband, 6 year old and 2 year old all got the best haircuts. It was my 2 year olds first haircut and Jimmy and his wife made it magical. Could not ask for a better neighborhood barber!
I needed a suit jacket altered for my sister's wedding and was under a tight timeline. I made the right choice by going to see Van. She is clearly very knowledgeable about current men's styles and put me at ease regarding the suggested alterations. The end result looked even better than I had imagined. I will definitely be returning in the future.
We have only eaten here once because of its location. It was good though! We ordered dishes to share; buffalo chicken sliders, kale citrus salad and fried pickles. \nAll were very good and gobbled up promptly. \nGive it a try!
Huge delicious Turkey burger. If you're having second thoughts about going with Turkey instead of Red Meat, don't! The turkey burger was insanely good...
View is amazing. I think this is the second best view from a club. With Palms being the first. Good for older people also. Not as packed here. Must see at least once. My wife an I had a good time here. We were put on the guest list by some one on the casino floor, so we got in free.
Went here after our Shot of Java experience. Place is not dirty, but not clean either. Most of the patrons (3), seem to have an aversion to personal cleanliness. Spent $10 on two smoothies and threw them in the garbage a block away. Come on Glendale!
We went half hour before they closed,  the food was AMAZING,  totally worth the wait!  They made us a free appetizer for waiting and the mango cheesecake was phenomenal! !!! Service was great,  we will definitely be making this one of our regular stops for late night Sushi craving!
Food is usually a hit or miss. I've had an amazing chipotle sausage Benedict once but every other time  I ate there I was not impressed. They do have an amazing deal for brunch though $8 for unlimited mimosas
Been going here since 2011 food quality went downhill, tuna texture rubbery, not fresh. Not going back.
Dirty, not well maintained at this location. The numbering of the rooms is absolutely crazy. Simplicity is not in the mindset of whoever needs to redesign the classroom addresses.
Had  the burrata and the earl?! Both are big hits in my book!!! Fresh and delicious !!!
This place is awesome!!! Great prices and portions!!! Took my wife and she loved it! I've been here several times and they have yet to let me down!
Will try not to eat here unless I am drunk. Greasiest tortillas I've ever eaten. The location off Guadalupe and Mcclintock is much tastier.
This is mostly for the Imaging Center. \nGreat service; love the staff.\nGreat rates on processing.\nGo shoot some film and get it done here.
Not sure why I checked in but they didn't have the Atkins Shakes I want. Fail. The store looks decent though.
Don't waste your time.  They don't listen to your order and then give you attitude when you question them on accuracy and quality.  Chick with tats and piercings is rude and arrogant.
The food was good. A bit spicy,. the chips and salsa oh plenty. Salsa a bit warm, but Im a grengo. Price somewhat high. Didn't have a lunch menu? All- in all would try again.
i got fucked up here once! best part about it i was only 20 years old and got in! muahahahahahhaha. i need to visit this spot now that im 21 and legal. \n!\n\ni love vegas!
You ever heard of someone winning at this casino? Yeah...me neither. \n\nDon't get scammed into this place. Not worth your time. Smells like old people.
My husband and I love coming to this spot, never disappointed. Great food (for meat lovers or vegetarians), drinks, and service. If you can't decide on something, try one of their pizzas...yum.
This is my favorite place in Charlotte!  I always get the Pit Smoked Pot Roast with fried squash and mac & cheese.  It's the best!  Always good service and great food!  I bring all of my company here because they are never disappointed!
Went with so co-wokers who really like this place. Everything was pretty good.  Nothing to get too excited about, but a good little sandwich when you want one.
2 hours late and dragged me along every 30 minutes saying they were 5 minutes away. I came home from work for the cleaning and they had no decency to be on time or let me know their real schedule so I could work around mine. Undependable  and terrible. Would never use them again.
Great food and fun atmosphere! Great place to get together with friends and family. I love the cheesy cheese burger and mini donuts. Excellent service!
The slowest starbucks I've ever been to, so many creepy people where standing around me, couldn't wait to get out of there.\n\nSpeed up on your drink making!
I have been so disappointed with nail salons in  Az but finally I found one I adore!!! If your looking for a clean, relaxing salon this is the place!!! The staff are friendly,experienced and give amazing foot massages!!! I can't rave enough about this place!! Best pedi ever!
This place is killah!
Never again..... will drive to Bell and Reems next time ... Cold and rude ... sorry I will not bother you again.
Best Korean BBQ in Vegas. Love their marinated pork belly and squid. Their salad is addicting. Staff is friendly. Can be a long\nwait on weekend nights, but that's to be expected. My go to Korean BBQ spot!
They did the best color I've ever had and they were able to take me the same day I called in. The prices are very reasonable considering how good the service is. I'd reccomend anyone to this spa!
Decent \"Westernized\" Chinese restaurant. It's not real Chinese food but it's close enough. Great place to eat after you're done with the tables. Soups are decent. Food is a bit salty thought. Probably one of your better options @ NY-NY.
I love Caffe Boa! Great drinks and delicious food, just one thing: what is UP with the size of the beet salad? A little skimpy, don't ya think? :)
Stayed here with people while we were canvassing for Obama during the election time. This hotel is exactly what you would expect from a cheaper hotel in Las Vegas. The rooms are kind of janky, Wifi is not free, and it smells like smoke everywhere!
I think this mom and pop restaurant is awesome! The food is great, I had the lobster roll with the clam streamers. Granted not huge compared to something you get at the coast, but living in las Vegas. It'll help cure the ache until you can hit the coast.
I really loved this restaurant.  I thought the food was beautiful and the atmosphere was tranquil.  I am also not a desert person, but their rice balls filled with sorbet are truly stunning.  GREAT.
If you want to wait more that one hour four your order this is the place! And if you want to meet a owner that don't have any idea what is he doing this is the places! Good luck
Their coffee is solid--better than coffee tree roasters, imo--and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed. Prefer this place over the local chains any day.
I used to eat here all the time when the place was on Springfield and Champaign but the new place in Urbana does not taste the same It has no flavor no seasoning and very slow service And the salsa taste like spaghetti sauce and they don't have their homemade red hot sauce
Food wasn't very fresh and honestly I've had better fish n chips at cheaper places.
This is the worst company I have ever had to deal with. I would give them a minus 5 if there was such a rating. The litany of complaints I have against them is too long to waste my time writing about. Suffice it to say I would not recommend them to my worst enemy. On second thought maybe I would.
Everything was really fresh and tasty.
Tried this New Mexican joint and was impressed. Taco selection was nice, got three different kinds with rice and beans. Salsa bar was good as well. Old lady had enchiladas which she thoroughly enjoyed. Very cool coke machine we've never encountered before. Overall nice place we'll check out again!
I would expect a certain level of quality and service from any Four Seasons.  Verandah did not live up to the standards of a Denny's.
Great low calorie frozen yogurt! Prices are expensive for just frozen yogurt and the toppings are expensive also. If they cut the price id be back way more. Place is great and the customer service is good!
I hope that Rite-Aid doesn't go out of business.  It's so convenient having this store right around the corner from home!  Especially on days like today when I'm home with a headcold and I need some cold remedies.
Just moved here and needed a good nail salon. Found Buddha Bar and was very happy with the results. Kevin, the owner is very friendly and nice. Did a great job on my nails. Will be going back for sure. I recommend this place for sure.
Really great Chinatown, Canadian style! I like how there are pedestrian only streets unlike the one in NYC.
Was a big fan until yesterday. Hot sauce used to be the best, now just tasted like tomato sauce. Food was awful, they're only excuse was that they are training new chefs. Sadly, we will not go back.
Tasty desserts hand assembled by the chef.  It's good but I'd avoid coming during busy hours.
Terrible service... Enough said
Really liked this place. My server was really nice and the food was great..ill be back..
Great spot for a decent real breakfast. \nNext door to my good friend at Quickdraw tattoo
Best Italian food in Phoenix and probably the whole southwest. Amazing meatballs and pizza, pasta is unbelievable, fantastic hot sandwiches... everything is so fresh and delicious. The service is perfection and the prices and portions are so reasonable. Very friendly and comfortable atmosphere. You've got to try this place, it's a hidden gem!
Slowest service in the world. Never going back. The food was respectable but it was not even close to the amount of time that we wasted there. \n\nDo not go here because it is genuinely not worth it.
Sorry, $7.77 used to be a deal. It's no longer one.  You have to order a drink. A Budweiser bottle was $6.  The service is also extremely slow.  This place was empty and it took forever to get our food.
Excellent menu! Friendly staff and great environment. Would highly recommend.
Holy smokes is that free focaccia bread delicious. Great food, great location, great space. What's not to love?
Worst service I've ever had in any restaurant. Absolutely no attention to the customers and the food it's self wasn't anything anything to rave about. The Environment was just gross and it wreaked of smoke. And yes vegas it's typical for places to smell of smoke but the place you go to dinner should not.
Good food.   Fair price.  Very friendly staff\nQuick service
I sampled a pecan praline bundt before ordering and then took one back to the room.  It turned out to be stale and tasteless.
Sure enough, we came here for my dad's birthday dinner. We went to a high priced place the day before, and he preferred his favorite burger. He was also quite excited to see the discount with the Total Rewards card (a dollar or so off of different items).
I honestly don't even think this needs another review, but I have to say..... AMAZING!!!! I'm still craving it!!!
The wait for lunch was 1 hour and 30 minutes.  Holy mackeral.  I still don't like buffets, however they were serving breakfast foods during lunch, so that was a plus.  The creme brulee was pretty good as well.
Waiter was friendly but the other reviews here seem to hit the nail on the head.  This place has great potential but the food is bland and overpriced for the quality. Was forced into coming since some family had set up a reservation.
I really wanted to to try this place after it was recommended by some friends. We came here last week only to find out that it was closed.  Apparently they are changing locations and judging by most of the comments, I'd say it is a smart move.\n\nI look forward to trying it at their next location.
Extensive beer list to the point that you never know what to order. Also have an extensive menu with lots of variety to choose from.  This place is open late, great place to grab a drink at midnight.
Very happy with Scott's Pastry Shoppe.  I had a speciality - gag cake made up and they were terrific.  I have only had doughnuts and such and thought they were terrific.
Just not a big fan of this place. I never liked the hamburgers so I tried the fish. Overcooked and dry. Ended up not eating the fish and filling up on the fries. Thanks for nothing. Won't be back
The food is always good and the price is reasonable. However, the place can be a real dump sometimes, which is a big turn off for me.
Not a fan of this location. The food was subpar each time I've been.
Worst place!!!!! Worst service!!!!! Guy is never there to make keys!!!! Tell you to come back come back!!!!!! Slow slow slow!!!!!
This was fun. Got a little board at times.
Reviewers:\nIf you go to a chain restaurant in an airport and expect it to be exactly like the rest of the chain you've already lost the game.
The sandwiches here are fine but incredibly plain. Why should I go to a restaurant to have a sandwich that I can make at home?
Bertha's makes the best club sandwich I've ever had and has a delicious dessert selection. I always have trouble deciding what dessert I want, but you can't go wrong with their chocolate cookies with white chocolate chips! It gets a little busy and hectic during the lunch rush, but it's still worth it.
Very fancy french restaurant food costly service was very good had waiters checking up constantly view is spectacular u get to see the bellagio water show if u ballon and with a lady check this great spot out
Sign on door says, \"Closed for one month.\"  Really enjoyed Safeway rotisserie chicken and baked potato salad.  Glad, \"open\" is part of Safeway's business model.
Food not bad above average...seating beyond terrible not enough and cramped as hell. I don't think the food made it worth the bad seating
I am new in town and I took my dog here for a wash!  This place was great! I loved it and will be going back!!!  The cost was reasonable, only $12- $14 for a self wash and they they supply everything but the dog!!!!  It made bathing my dog stress free!  Thank you!
Original, refined & creative cuisine.\nTry the \"Menu D\u00e9gustation\", six courses\nWorth the detour
oh no!! I heard the outlet is closed. Does anyone know why?!
The owners are wonderful & extremely friendly. We love the buffet! My kids love to try all the different foods & like to view the huge mural in the back of the restaurant.  We love coming here!
It goes almost without saying, that for a brewpub... Four Peaks has it down. Food menu, beer pairings, and service is always consistent and very good.
At the end of a long day and you want some great food in the neighborhood stay away from the chains and visit  locally owned Auslers Grill.  The daily specials truly are, do yourself a favor and enjoy one.
We just did a drive through the area but it looked to have a lot of high dollar stores, restaurants and plenty of urban hipsters.  Might be better to walk around but there were stores too rich for my blood.
Three hours to match one quart of paint. Store is empty.  Counter person did not offer to expedite the order even after she found out I was ordering four other gallons of other paint also.  No wait at Home Depot.
Just got over charged again! At Basha's and Albertson the policy is to refund the entire amount - Not Here! They just give you the amount back they tried ripping you off at!!!
Awesome lunch ! Mushroom soup, mushroom hoagie and shiitake pie was a delight ! Dylan was our server and was so sweet !
Best Breakfast I've had at lunch time in several years.  Service is friendly and attentive only surpassed by the food!  Restaurant was clean, kitchen staff was well groomed and I highly recommend if you are in the neighborhood or looking to take a drive.
3/5/11: we met some other families here for our first visit. Separate play area for under 2 years made it a lot easier for me to relax & enjoy watching my son play on his own & with other little ones. We will be back. :)
The arugula pear salad is amazing but the pecan pie is absolutely out of this world! By the way is home made by the staff that happens to be very friendly.\nFor breakfast is all about french toast delish!
Umami is my favorite place to get together with friends when I visit Madison. The food is unique to the area and always good. Plus, I can't make the dumplings at home.
Always fantastic, but if you catch them when they're busy with a big take-out order, you'll wish you would've called ahead. If you can't avoid the lunch rush, it's still worth the wait.
I was really disappointed in the food. The juice was not fresh and my breakfast was terrible.  The seating is uncomfortable, it's too loud, and the service wasnt good.  Too many other great places to eat in old town.
Great as usual. \nStaff was friendly and quick. \nI like when the store is kept clean - which they were. \n\nExactly what you would expect which is good.
For the lack of parking and long lines you have to wait in, LUX more than makes up for this with their great coffee, food and desserts.  I would say this is my favorite coffee lounge in all of Phoenix.  Now, if I only lived closer,  I would be stopping by everyday.
We like this buffet cuz my hubby always gets buy 1 get 1 free with his taxi id and with our daughter that's 3 is also free; makes it an awesome price for the three of us.  Food is good for our price.
Rip Off!  Worst experience ever!  They wanted 3 of my phones, my iphone 5, my iphone4 and my EVo, just to trade for 32gigs of memory.  What a joke!!!
I have been coming here for years and the service and quality has degraded. I over heard even making negative remarks. We checked in for two nights but left early.
Service was friendly and food is fantastic.  The preparation of food is consistent and they have the best hash browns in Summerlin.
Great burritos.  I like Qdoba better than chipolte, the meat seems to have a better flavor.   The service is always great and fast.  So good....num num num
More expensive than I would like but they do a great job.  Very clean, very nice people and it doesn't smell like chemicals.
Great atmosphere and the pizza was tasty.  My hopes were built up a lot, but I cant say this is the best pizza I have ever eaten.  Don't get me wrong it is great just not my best.
Staff was nice.
If you're a Coca Cola fan. This place is a must!!!!!!! If you head upstairs there's a counter where you can try out two different sample trays of coca cola branded sodas. Some are good and some are...ehhhhh! Haha.
Nice drink menu and a great balcony with a view of the city. Much better than the club/pub options down the street. Very trendy vibe but worth it to avoid loud club beats on a weekend!
Many people tell me what great Chinese food Panda has. Personally I don't find anything good about it and not Chinese.
Very good pizza! It had a great selection of pizzas and appetizers. We would love to try their pasta nights sometime soon! Food came out fast, and the place was clean. Love the ambiance of the place and that it is a converted historic home in downtoan Phoenix. Definitely try it out!
i'm seriously addicted to the panang curry, green papaya salad and the awesome tom yum soup....if only they were open late nite....
I was really disappointed. I've only been here once and the pizza was soggy which is awful by any standards, let alone for \"New York\" pizza. The two stars is for the waitress who was really nice and all the decorations inside.
Stopped by while my friends checked out the shops. The place was adorable and the haircut was decent.\n\nI also got a shave, having a good amount of beard going. It was very comfortable but not the closest shave I've ever had.
They're blunt, that's for sure. Lots of sass. Rude, though? Nah. And they did a good job on my bike, at a respectable price (way better than what I was quoted at Recycle Bicycle, those guys are hustlers), so that's all that really matters.
We went to R&S mattress on the day before Thanksgiving to look around and walked out 30 min later with a new mattress.  Marcel was extremely helpful. He explained the various mattress choices.  They delivered the mattress that same day.  I would highly recommend them.
Greasy, tasteless burgers that are overpriced. I tried it once, won't be back for more.
Amazon.com .... How much is a customer worth ????\nYou use On Trac, because you save a buck or two.\n\nI hope that Tomorrow is the day, when their incompetence costs you more in claims, then you saved.
Service was horrible! Took forever! Ordered pancakes and they came burned. Don't waste your time coming here.
Terrible service and for some reason, brunch was quite disappointing. \n\nThe Croque Madame did not taste as good as it did last time and left a strange after taste.
Had to give them one star just to get this review in. Truth is...They get no stars. Zero, Zip. Zilch. They treated my wife disrespectfully, and then dropped the car off at the wrong address. Avoid them if you can.
Only come here for the Jeff Lewis paint line. The staff is unbearably slow each time we come here. There are three employees for a fairly steady flow of customers. If Jeff Lewis Color was sold elsewhere, I'd never shop here.
Love their food!  Friendly fast service. Spicy Eggplant with Tofu is killer...My only criticism would be the Styrofoam they serve the food on.
Um, no.  I need to quit eating fast food anyway, but...ugh.  I just moved out west and had never eaten at a Carl's Jr.  Won't be eating there again.
The fries are the best.  This place just isn't as clean as it used to be, starting to look like a Chinese buffet. They have changed managers a lot since they opened.
Took my boys to try out a cool hair cut spot. Service was great
The food is great and consistent, good customer service, prices are reasonable, and you never have to wait for your food. I live in the area and eat at here once or twice a week.
By far one of the best meals I have ever had. My husband and I went with my brother and a friend for our 1 year Anniversary.  It was by far the best choice we could have picked. It's pricey but not any worse than another fancy like steak house. It was phenomenal. Definitely worth the price.
Good atmosphere. But the food was nothing special, especially considering the price.
Decent buffet I think it was $10 at lunch when we went.  They had a decent selection of hot foot and sushi type rolls. I'd go back for sure!
A little out dated as fas as casinos on the strip go. Several folks in here were silver haired so i am sure they loved it.
Bad service. Food is ok. Water tastes like crap. Management interrupts table while they serve guests. Forget beverage orders with 2 tables being served. I've been here a half dozen times and I'm never impressed.
Quite lame, too light inside, terrible choice of food/snacks? Bartender pompous (not the owner), hard to park nearby.\n\nGreat Sake, Cold Beer, and Satellite TV is a bonus.
After being open a few months rather than days this place is getting better! Went in for football Sunday breakfast...great breakfast skillets and fully stocked bloody Mary bar..also the endless mimosas are a great deal! I had one of the new drinks the Coronarita and it was delicious. Keep up the good work.
The hibachi was pretty good. The sushi was pretty good too. Not anything amazing, but it's fun for a group of people. The wait staff was very friendly.
Service was incredibly good!  Brandy was super attentive, knowledgable, kind and pleasant!  Having tried other steakhouses in Vegas, I couldn't give Del Frisco's a 5, but the service gets a 5 for sure.
Best Gluten free Pizza my wife and I have had in the South!!  Sorry Mellow Mushroom, Pure pizza has you beat! Great crust, great taste and great service!
Long wait today.  They stuck me in a chair so I wouldn't leave.  Not nice.  The stars are based on past service which is hit or miss.  I have been here about 25 times overall.  Come here in a pinch.
excellent and quick service. Great hummus plate
Nothing to write home about...ok food, good atmosphere, good service. A tad bit small, not a great location as it is an adventure to find it (especially with the construction going on).\n\nWorth a shot if you have not tried their food.\n\nGood sugar cookie!
This place doesn't have much in comparison to the two Best Westerns we stayed in this week. We are now confirmed Best Westerners!
One of the best Sunday brunches I have had in Las Vegas. Was actually blown away with how good it was. Have been here few times for dinner and each time has been exceptional but I wasn't aware of their brunch being so good!
This is a very nice bar and restaurant.  Great atmosphere, great beer and some very good dishes.   I once had a fish dinner on a friday night that was very good.  We once ordered burgers to go and those weren't as good as we expected.\nI have always had good service here.  Not excellent but good.
Really good Korean food! I try it by myself!!!
Didn't last very long. Drove past it today and the sign was gone and it appeared to be shut. \n\nYet another victim of the economy, not to mention they were too pricy and not very good product, sadly.
Besides the typically charming service, underwhelming, for a Ritz.  The pool & related nonservices are inexcusable, for a Ritz.
I'll say this: if you have the wherewithal, children, and you live in the Valley during the summer, you are absolutely insane not to have a membership here.
This little cafe in an art gallery has fantastic food -- especially if you want something a little lighter like a sandwich or a salad.  Unfortunately the service is slow, unenthusiastic, and indifferent.  However the rhubarb tartlet is worth going out of your way for.
ewwww
Delivery was very fast, food is here in 20 minutes, and the italian deluxe sub, omg, best sub i've EVER had, and i'm a foodie! Delicious!! as far as delivery and sub goes, doesn't get better than this!
They have a good happy hour on Sundays. Sushi is pretty good but I didn't like the nachos.
Can't say enough good things! Delicious cappuccino made how I like, friendly owner and staff who take a lot of pride in their product. Everything local like it should be! Will certainly visit again when I'm in the area
Overpriced and run down. Personnel were not fun or engaging. Very disappointed.\n\nThey also add a 20% \"service fee\", which explains their attitude. They get the tip no matter what...\n\nI would strongly recommend going elsewhere.
My wife went there No creativity,  un willing to give you the designs you want and pay for. The owner told me to draw my own design and he will paint it. They talked about me in Chinese and I was unhappy with services and the design I was stuck with... PLEASE dont go there...
Got on the El Pollo Train back in college and gave it a try last week and was it ever wonderful & cheap!!!  This must be a weekly visit...thats all there is to say!!!
hey, i was here last week with friends and we liked the food, yes it took a little longer to get our food but not to long what they told us, so ill go there for sure, i hope i wont be disappointed
Great for lunch...all u can eat...15.99 on weekdays and 16.99 on the weekend W/ kalbi ribs...
I won't return.  The service was quite embarrassing---the waiter requesting that we pass our plates down, pass down our water glasses, et cetera.  The food was alright, but not fantastic.
Thanks Janelle for an amazing updo four my black tie event. You are awesome! I would definitely recommend Janelle for hairstyles at this salon.
Just Incredible!!!   I had the Filet Mignon with peppercorn sauce.  Incredible!!!!  Definitely will come back!!!
It was okay if you are really hungry and need something to eat. And you cant get refills on your softdrinks and they only have a small selection of sodas too. However, their fries were really good.
I went back to pewter rose for breakfast, and the food was really not that great. I love the decor of the place, and the people that I met. My highlight of Breakfast was the butterscotch scones.
Delish sandwich and amazing little salad.  If the items were cheaper or the portions bigger I would give them 5 stars.  Come if you're feeling peckish, not famished!
So glad they now have a stand at Soulard Farmers' Market in St. Louis. Just had their whole wheat bread for the first time, a real artisan treat - with great crust, crumb and flavor. Look forward to trying other types.
Its the best pho in k.w,and most places I have been to in t.dot
Great drinks and servers. Love to come here on Mill. Try the \"i thought of this while riding my bicycle.\" So happy this place is here.
Service was one step above a cafeteria, drinks were ok. My food was good but My friend got food poisoning after eating here. Beware of the re-fried beans... not only here but anywhere you eat them!
Cheap and good pizza
I took my friends dog here a few times while I was dog sitting and absolutely LOVED the service. They did a great job at a great price. Now that I have a pooch of my own I will definitely be taking her there!
The Vodka Penne Pasta was really good. The Calamari was also really good.\n\nI had mainly room service since I was working the majority of the time while in Vegas.\n\nI recommend room service from this restaurant
Place is ok nothing to brag about with all the other Thai restaurants around I don't think I would come back
I've been there a few times, and the food was above average each time.  Cheap prices and nice people.  However, it is very crowded, as there is very little seating.  Also, they have a tendency to get your order wrong.
Decent Mexican food for an airport restaurant.  No singing cashier this time.  Next time I fly out of Phoenix I do plan to do the breakfast burrito again.  I think I like it a bit more than the green tamale.  It was a little to wet for my taste.
Absolutly amazing!!!
Everyone there is fantastic.  Very knowledge and very helpful. Styles, Ryan, Chris, are all extremely helpful.
They have alot of merchandise and clothing at this one, but a good bit of it looks trashy. It looks unorganized and cluttered compared to others I've been at. Prices are high as well.
Get the beef wellington and you will never want to eat anywhere ever again. Fantastic service too!
Great atmosphere, great food.  A friend and I came here on a Saturday around lunch time and the place was pretty busy, but we ordered and received food in less than 10 minutes (it may even have been closer to 5 minutes).  Everything was just as we had ordered it, and delicious.  Loved this place and would highly recommend it to all!
I love the signature Chicken & Waffles, always cooked to perfection. Great atmosphere and kid friendly.
They were closed when I stopped by during business hours, with no note on the door and the open sign still on. I'm not a fan!
Spent a few evenings here at the bar... the fish are large, the drinks are stiff, the bartenders are friendly, and the appetizers are tasty. I recommend the sizzling mushrooms, which were an ample portion and perfectly cooked.
Great little coffeeshop and Italian bakery. Good place to sit and peoplewatch. Pizza place in the back looks delicious and inexpensive.
I was impressed. The hi-life was the Caesar Salad. They make it right at your table and it was the best I've ever had. Everyone at our table raved about their food. I had the porterhouse and it was cooked to perfection. Very impressed with the staff.
If I could give them more stars I would! They went over and beyond to get my rings finished!! It's hard to find great customer service and great prices! They definitely have the whole package! I Love them! Excellent team! I cannot thank you enough Larry, Amanda, & Team!
Great place to enjoys some pints and catch a game. A lot of floor space and a menu worth checking out. I little on the high side of cost for pub food, but such is expected in Scottsdale.
In MGM this is one of the places where we went to eat, this place has nothing exceptional to offer. It has a feel of a diner with a service that really doesnt help it either.  Eat here only if you need to save time otherwise there are plenty of places in Vegas where you can get a better return on your money.
First time eating Indian food.  Great staff great food.  clean.  All around excellent.  Can't wait to try it again.
This place is great. Great food & beer, lots of machines to play.and a large amount of TVs for your viewing pleasure
I'd have to agree that it is a little pricey but the location is good and when you are in a pinch and you are close, they have what you need to get the job done.  I'll go back if I need to and I'm in the area.
Really enjoyed my Gyro for lunch today. The family run restaurant is fun, positive, friendly and yummy!
closed 2/14/10
Good setup of customizing your own taco or burrito where they make it in front of you.\n\nThe carnitas was pretty tasty! I would come back for more.
I come here all the time! Best Chinese food in the valley! Coming from Boston, I missed good and authentic Chinese. This is the place to go!
Food was great, bloody mary and long island were awesome. Yeah I ordered a bloody mary and long island at a beer place... deal with it.
The prices are ok. The service sucks. We ordered a beer and never got it. But I see the server running around taking care of other tables or having personal conversations. Not a good experience for the first time. Plus there is no food. They couldn't even make a liquid marijuana because the bartender didnt arrive yet. Just sad.
It's a Red Lobster, well kept and usually a wait but not too long. If you're not familiar with Red Lobsters, it's a decent American style seafood chain and make sure you try the biscuits.
An unannounced \"live music\" charge added to our bill? Really, Ri Ra?? Is this even legal to tag this fee onto a bill with no fore-warning? This seemed a little shady...
Ready to soak in fat. It is a strange land where fish swims in oil, French fries has been frying since French Revolution and Sam Adams is an import beer.
They all but hold a gun to your head to force you to buy their watered down drinks.  Not customer focused at all.  Show started an hour late.  Expensive parking... An hour to get out of the lot.  Sealing arrangement substandard!  Won't be returning!
Great coffee!  Excellent atmosphere, friendly service. Highly recommended.
I had never gone to KFC before so I thought I would try it out for fun. Very blah tasting crispy chicken to be honest. Not crispy first off and barely any meat on the wing. Can't see myself ever going back.
Yesterday had one of our desktops bootup to the \"Blue Screen of Death\" so took the system over to Scott's shop. Scott understood how important this system was to our business and immediately went to work repairing the system. At 7:00 pm he called telling me that it was done.
Very soggy pizza, my sub same very soggy. They need to cook their bread products more. Boneless wings taste like the came from a TV dinner and out of a microwave. Service was slow, drinks were empty before an offer for refill.\n\nNot coming back.
The best in the valley!!! Great prices, plenty of food, and an awesome staff! Authentic - Check. Great Flavor - Check. Good Pricing - Check. Staff That Actually Cares - Check. You won't find any better.
I LOOOOVE this place!! The ambiance, the lighting, the service.. Top notch! Monkey bread definitely one of my faves! Totally worth it!!
Excellent food!  Every time that I fly into phoenix, this Is my first stop!  Best food I've had in a while.  Exploding with flavors and spices.   Be warned, do not order above a 3 heat if you can't take it!!!
I will never make another purchase from this company ever again! The company tried to deliver damaged furniture to my home and then gave me the run around about processing a refund when I refused to accept the items. After 5 phone conversations, they agreed to refund me for refusing damaged items. I cannot recommend this to anyone.
Ate at this restaurant following an afternoon of gambling.\nThe restaurant is large and has a decent menu of AMerican food.\nThe food is good and the service is spot on and quick.\nNot too much to say. \nIts nice, clean, inexpensive and good!
It's the best pricing and fresh Sushi Rolls and Sashimi I have tried in Phoenix and Chandler area. Got the coupon from AZ Chinese Newspaper, and worth to try again with 20% off. Awesome!
One of the best ice cream places in Vegas! Really cheap too. Get 2 scoops of ice cream with brownies for only $5. Their banana split is awesome too!
This place has the longest wait time to eat. Then you go to a table and they are quick with the drinks, but take forever for anything else. This is by far the craziest place ever.
bad:( cook dropped his tongs on the floor while we were ordering and then picked them back up and put them in the food.  bad news:(
Was in need of a serious hair cut and beard trim and my brother recommend that I go here , Freddie was the barber who cut my hair and everything came out clean ! great service , great vibe, definitely will be coming back to this barber shop , would really recommend to anyone , these guys know what they are doing !
Fast friendly and lots of hard to find items (Flashlight bulbs, nuts, screws, etc.) I usually go to Lowes or Home Depot for stuff, but sometimes they have great deals. Defiantly not my go to store, kind of like Radio Shack...It is a specific visit.
Just wanted to update the review by saying that I have been in with multiple people frequently.   The quality and consistency of service and product has been on point every time. Keep It up!
Sooo good, had the chefs special fish filet, the shrimp and octopus were cooked to perfection as was the fish, sides were delicious and portions were large. Definitely plan on returning and exploring the menu
Worst experience ever.....: I ask for a jersey and get told \"not gonna happen\" and then ignored after that........ Never coming back with your poor customer service poor selection.
Went there for Bingo, it was okay - smoking and non-smoking were in the same room, really wasn't much of a non-smoking area.  The whole experience was just okay.
The Grind is very good on location and food selection. Nothing to fancy about the place. but I did enjoy myself! at least give it a try out!!
The general consensus was that the food was ok with the exception with a few items that was better.  They were very accommodating to the 14 girls we had.  The biggest complaint I have is that the rice fell apart in my rolls.
I ordered a Chicago dog and chili cheese fries. No complaints!!! The dog was delicious and the chili on the fries were great! I will definitely be back whenever I am in the area.\n\nThe staff was super nice too! Nice atmosphere!
Cook line is slow. Another Yelper said it best. \"Good food but run like a kids lemonade stand.\" Management, you make people wait unnecessarily. Food is good and hot. Try waiting in your own line and you will see what I mean.
Just ate there for the first time. It was delicious. I had a steak and potato burrito. Don't get the chicken unless you love heartburn. It's crazy spicy as advertised. This is good cheap Mexican food. The service was very good.
Slow. Dirty.  Bad food.  What I have come to expect from the airport.
Food quality was below average. Adventure spicy is less than medium. I has Tom ka soup and beef pad Thai. Would not recommend. Also, employees were having a meeting on how to use the credit card machine and 2 were being reprimanded for incorrect usage. Not appropriate when customers in lobby.
Good burgers and really good fish and chips. Try the zucchini sticks. Mmmm. Breakfast is good as well.
One of my besties loves this place, so since it was her b-day, I treated her to lunch at DragonFly.  It was meh.  Given the price range, I would expect much better.  Next time, I'll suggest that we go to WanFu instead!
Best Java in Scottsdale.
pretty normal sports authority.
Tourist trap! And it caught us!\n\n4 floors of stuff; however all the floors seem to sell the same gifts.
It was my wife's birthday so for the second consecutive year we decided to celebrate by dining at Waffles on strawberry pancakes with whipped cream
The tofu soup tastes like it's been flavored by instant noodle soup powder. The vegetable tofu soup had no veggies at all. Very friendly service though!
This bar is absolutely AMAZING for the Super Bowl Champion,  A.K.A. World Champion Seattle Seahawks fans. If you claim 12, and if you're around here ... get here. It's home. Go HAWKS!!!
Service was amazing as was the food. We tried the Chile rubbed double rib eye and I can see why people rave about it. The funnel cakes and dipping sauces were yummy as well. Overall great experience at the Wynn.
Support your local bookstore! Changing hands is amazing!
Food is mediocre but the fact is its so damn cold to eat here. Would maybe be 3 stars, if they cared at all about the temp. \nThe four groups eating here are complaining and huddled in one small area where it's all the way up to 50 degrees.
Went there for the first time last night  with my boyfriend and a few friends and I had lots of fun and the food was good..would definitely recommend this place to everyone!!!!!!
They let me ride out of there on an unsafe motorcycle then tried to get me to pay for what need to be fixed. Bald tire and a drive belt that was coming a part. I still ended up having to pay for the belt. \nDon't get taken for a Ridenow at Ridenow
This place use to be fun the first year it opened went back about a month ago what a dive will never go back
Their vegetarian offerings are yummy and a lot to choose from - easily made vegan and they were happy to adjust any menu item for me. Tasty. Where else can you get a zucchini flower quesadilla thru a drive thru window?
The food was good ... the service at this location is HORRIBLE. They are slow never check in with your table and take forever to bring something once you ask for it. Never coming back to this location. Going back to the one on DI their service is amazing and the atmosphere is so much nicer.
Tres belle place!  Manque qqll chaise ..mais tres bien et c est a Verdun et non downtown .. us de place pour stationnement
This Place was nice, clean, and the staff was friendly. I had their sushi sampler with a side salad and my lover had their beef bulgogi tacos. I felt the tacos were a bit on the sweet side but it was good. sushi sampler was good too.
Did not have what I was looking for and weren't very helpful or friendly. Not a fan.
This is pretty poor French food.  I had the onion soup which was honestly the worst I've ever had in my life.  I also tried to get them to make me a crepe complet (egg, ham, cheese) and they pretty much failed.  Sad.
Did a tour with them, fantastic facility, with very knowledgeable trainers who walked us around.. Tour was about an hour or so, watches them give their lions a bath which was cool and a training session which was neat... Can't wait to go back again and see more
Good, quick, cheap.  Marked down only because of the permanent hackey sack pack in front.
This was our second time to use Warren's Homework.  They are punctual and very careful with all of your belongings.  Nothing was broken.  They move fast and take  no breaks. If we move again we will definitely use their services.
I ordered a egg salad sandwich from here and I would not recommend it. It only had egg and mayo and the egg was so smashed. Sorry but I have had a really good egg sandwich and this one was pretty bad. :(
You can try almost anything before ordering... Great when you're here for the first time and not sure what you might like.
Good was ok.  I guess  its real Italian food. We had to ask the waitress 20 questions.  Crab app was great.  Martini was excellent.  Food over priced for the portioned size . Not kid friendly
Tortillas and Taco Salad are amazing! Beautiful restaurant! Try the Tomatillo creamy dressing! My favorite!
Review for shops and ambience : The inside decor is beautiful.  Very modern and interesting.  The shops are very high end and designer.  Very pretty to walk through!
Please tell your employees to stop following people around. It's too aggressive. The experience here was really off-putting, and borderline creepy. Never again.
i'm in love! wow omg this is my honey comb hideaway. Their are lots of places nearby to eat also. It's off the beaten path so it's my definition of in the CUTS :)
Always loved Carraba's! Most chains don't do consistency this well. We went on Saturday night for a late Valentine's day follow-up. The food was great. The service was also speedy and friendly. I LOVE their chocolate layer mousse thing. Just do it! Overall great experience.
We found this place on reddit in the juicers feed.  Prices are awesome and produce was fresh great place to save money and they have an awsome variety for raw and vegan foods.  Also their bulk stuff is awesome!
the hotel is lovely but the check-in is a nightmare.  it took over an hour just to be assigned to our rooms.  would not recommend it to anyone.
Really, what's the use in greeting someone, and asking if they can help you find something.  And I tell you what I'm looking for, but you don't even bother to point me in the right direction!  Or even physically show me where the items are!
Rooms are awesome.  The electronic controls look cool but damn frustrating.  Can't just sit and flip tv channels cause stupid buttons are damn slow touch sensors.  Also what's with the check out counter and front desk? Worst staff ever, rude and unhelpful.
I was not actually the patient, my husband was.  He made a snoring appliance for him and it works great.  We can now actually sleep in the same room!
The smoothie I had today was not wonderful. And the staff did a great job of disrespecting me. I am very unhappy with the way I was treated.
I wasn't a big fan of the location.  This is definitely a small boutique style hotel, no lobby and no amenities to make you feel like you can grab a drink or work outside of your room.  The room and service were nice, but that's all I appreciated.
This place is always busy but for me it is hit and miss.  Sometimes the food is delishious and sometimes it is rotten.
Get the steak breakfast --- and split it between two of you. Perfectly cooked and well priced considering the sheer quantity of food.
Good Italian food at a reasonable price.  Close to the capital so a good lunch or early dinner spot.  Friendly service.  Good wine and martinis.
This has been on my AZ bucket list for years and decided to drop by tonight for dinner with the family. From chatting it up with some of the regulars, to the \"Texas Trivia\" with the owner at our table. The food and the vibe here were absolutely wonderful. Will definitely be back again and again!
I was excited because it was close to home but disappointed with the bad service. I was called suplado because i voiced my opinion and they were talking shit about me in tagalog. Wanted to give it no stars but prices are cheaper then most pinoy stores
Decently priced sushi, however the quality is so-so. The restaurant is really dark, so I am not inclined to eat there.
Service And ambience is good. More imortantly, the food, good, not the best, but the portions are big- definitely need to share. not a 4star b/c no ETOH is served.
I'm not a sushi expert, but this was pretty good, and the price was reasonable.
Food is good. Everything as the name suggests is waffle based. I had the waffle sandwich it was huge and super sweet smothered in a clearish syrup. It is fast food style and there are not that many tables so sort of hard to eat in on a weekend morning.
a fine place for a light breakfast or to sit and relax with a cup of coffee.
Staring at 5+ empty tables just within the bar with a snippy hostess saying 25 minutes....no thanks!
I went back.\n\nAnd it still smells.
This is the best place to go on a Friday. The drink specials are great, it's cool inside and everybody is super friendly. The Karaoke starts and 9 and it's awesome. In fact they continue the Karaoke on Saturday. This place rocks!
Traditional French with out the chip on the shoulder.  Wild game, beautiful presentation.  Wonderful!
Had a great lunch today. Ordered a bunch of food. Mole chicken enchiladas (4per order) and a spicy burrito. Awesome and awesome! Enough said. I'll try the dish that they are named after during my next visit. \nYum and Yum.
Well, what can you say about Tent City Jail..... \"if you don't like it, don't come here\" enough said.  they have a volunteer program though that I think is an important part of community.
The food was OK. Finding a scorpion burned on a chip, kind of made me loss my appetite
Very yummy Cajun food. The trifecta shrimp and Cajun fries were awesome. Definitely ask for salt, pepper,  and lime to dip the shrimp. PS.... prepare to work for your food.
The staff was friendly but professional. I was nervous as this was not my first root canal (but the first one with Dr. Christensen), A very calming atmosphere put me at ease. Dr. Christensen performed a root canal that was virtually painless.
Went on Super Bowl night and was seated quickly. Our order was taken within a few minutes and our glasses were always kept filled. The food was delicious and the service was great. When I'm in Las Vegas I always stop by here because the service and food is always good.
Stopped in for quick dinner while in town for business.\nHefeweisen Wheat was extra yummy - little more bit than a normal wheat.\nBaja Shrimp Tacos had just the right mix of flavor and texture. \nAtmosphere and service were fine but not outstanding.
Place sucks, used to be great, it's not anymore. Owner thinks it's warm enough outside so heatlamps are not needed, who decides if it is cold. Owner or customer :(
My husband and I had dinner at Il Posto while visiting Phoenix. Dinner was great, service was perfect. Our waitress was super nice and right on top of our needs. I wish it was a bit warmer I would have like to sit outside on the patio.
We go on a fairly regular basis because the food is very good and affordable. We've tried a lot of food on their menu, and everything has been very tasty. The staff are friendly and attentive, and the restaurant itself has a nice atmosphere. We've been many times, and we'll certainly be back!
I don't go crazy about this kind of desert, it is good when it is summer and you crave a sweet thing. They have a berry flavor I like with a cream pie or something like that.\n\nI still miss the real frozen yogurt, where you chose the ingredients and they blend them for you...
Burgers OK. Service slow. Price OK. Decent beer selection. There are better places such as PBR Rock Bar in same mall. I've had awesome burgers in home town that are the same price.
Streets of New York is on our side of town and we come here or order take out from here once a month.  They make a great, high-quality pizza that we always enjoy.
A big upgrade from the Robbie Foxx days. Very good for big groups. Great atmosphere. Outdoor also very noteworthy. The menu is nothing extraordinary - but - it doesn't matter. Its a great place to hang out. Management is very good.
Happy hour now sucks. Only 1 beer per month on special. Next time I'll go next door to O2. New untrained waitress had to go ask someone every question I asked her.
You just have to love the bunny logo on your polo, short and tee and just flaunt it around. This store is not that big compared to the other designer stores but reminds me of a boutique store you'd find in LA.
They may be very nice, and helpful when you are buying from them, BUT customer service is non-existant if you happen to have a problem with something that you bought from them.  THE CUSTOMER IS NEVER RIGHT in their viewpoint!
Margaritas too sweet - too much mix. Salsa fresco and tomatillo avocado salsa are good. Chicken suiza and chimi were good especially the green chile verde sauce!
I really enjoy watching the planes come in and out in this nice cafe spot. Food is decent and service is always prompt.
They make the food really sweet. Their noodles is not very good but I think the curries are ok.
Was at the Brio tonight,Great food ,great service,,,Bare drinkes are great.I will be back
So great service. My pulled pork sandwich and fries were not hot but the front of the house manager and our server went above and beyond. They comped everything plus gave us 4 gift cards! Yay! I'll be back!
Food here is absolutely wonderful! Service is good and people are better. Take my family there and am extremely satisfied.
Very overrated, slow service, tiny portions. I rarely leave a restaurant hungry but definitely did here. I will not be coming back
Great Food - Great Service - every time I come here the employees are fantastic- they always get my order correct and the food is FRESH. It is a  good old fashion \"SUB SANDWICH\" -   Employes are very helpful too-
This location is conveniently located in the same parking lot as Michael's.  I can stop and get a drink and snack or gas then go do the shopping I want within the center. The store is clean and the staff is very friendly.
It's alright nothing great. Not much seafood. Pretty much the same as all the other Asian buffets in town.
The Red Jade Chicken and Pork Quesadilla were good but the Pork Fried Rice was forgettable. Cookies were OK, but what do you want for free? Counter person was quick to offer help in how to order and a free sample if meat.
Went to the arrowhead mall location and I will not be going back. The food was disgusting, the waiter looked like he got ready for work about 3 min before his shift. This was my first time trying this restaurant and I will actually recommend people going to red robin for around the same price.
Everything here is good! Be prepared to wait a little while for your food, especially if they're busy, because it's prepared made-to-order.  But it's well worth the wait!
Very knowledgable and friendly staff, they know their products well. \nTrail runners, dress shoes, clogs, sandals, Vibram five fingers, burks. It's worth a visit.
Get the fatty brisket....you will not regret it!\nBest BBQ in AZ by far.
Mechanical aliens?! Wtf! Honestly David seems like he is so over doing his shtick. The show had some cool moments but it all felt like a rerun. I think it was his delivery that was boring to us.
Overpriced items both in the store and on the menu compared to other kosher places in the area.
Sure, it's a nice field.\nBut better than Three Rivers?\nGive NASA tax bucks.
The Porky is a great idea if you don't want a hamburger but my favorite is the buffalo soldier it is however pricey for what you get not for everyone in that aspect
Dinner from France's La R\u00e9union in the Indian Ocean brings with it hints of the Caribbean Sea. A nice treat at the end of one of Montreal's romantic streets.
For ~$13 bucks you get your car kind of vacuumed out and all if the grit and grime of the road blasted off.  If you go in thinking it will look like it did when you drove it off the lot you are going to be disappointed.  If you want a pretty clean car for a pretty good rate, go for it.
A delicious kale chicken salad and side salad.  The soadas are all sweetened with agave.  Awesome.  Hubby had the protein bowl with forbidden rice.  Very good and wholesome.  Nice light meal.
Great Red wine- Curvee/ Geyser Merlot\nWith Shrimp tamale, Nacho w/goat cheese, main (Lamb Chops) and vanilla toffee pudding.  Look the ambience! Great for team outting while at Conf. in Vegas.
I saw a cockroach here once.  Their ciabatta bread and crepes are almost delicious enough for me to look the other way, but I'm a little too grossed out to ever frequent this place again.
Cheap... But very good food... The portion sizes are great!
Try the chocolate chip scones
Got married here on 04.06.07\nWe were the only people there at the time, as it was Good Friday and 11am.  We were in and out within 30 minutes.
Don't eat the tortilla soup and you'll be pretty safe.  On par with a Baja Fresh but with the island twist.
Yumyum! Solid staple of Vegas for a quick, cheap, and really good bite to eat pre-clubbing. I like the combination of the nicely melted inside ingredients with the toasted bread.
Needed a late night snack after driving all day and this place was across from our hotel.  Pizza was great, crust was cooked just the way I like it, crispy on the edges and lots of cheese and toppings.   Staff was friendly.
Awesome! Go there nearly every Thursday. Cheap wings and $1 Blue Moons. Can't beat that, go there get some wings and a solid buzz then at midnight go back to Oakland, more specifically Peters Pub and get drunk!
Randomly stopped by while in Charlotte and had the best curry / hummus I have ever tasted. I wish they could ship their food to sf so I could eat it all day!
This is an AWESOME place to eat.  The owners are so friendly and welcoming, the food is DELICIOUS (lentil soup, hummus, and tiramisu...to die for)!
Been there twice.  Both times for lunch.  This is probably the best bet in the Cave Creek area.  Food is good staff is nice .  If you want the ambiance of the town go up and hit one of the many places like Harold's or El Encanto. If you are up here and just want a good meal
Don't let the big sign and the 70 cent taco sign fool you. You get what you pay for and it'll have its revenge. The tacos were flavorless and topped with some weird cheese sauce. Not too authentic.
Eh pizza is alright. Not a crazy fan of but it could also be because they took AN HOUR to deliver when we are 5 mins away.
Everything about this place is just yes! The food, the beer, the atmosphere, and friendly service. This is the kind of place we live for. Not to mention, kid friendly for our tot to come along. Will be back!
I've been 5 Guys many times here in metro PHX & other cities. Tonight this particular place had der fries over cooked! Dey were dark brown! I tried asking to make us another patch & I was told the fryer oil is dark. Typical excuse in my book. Not coming bak to this location.
I used to bounce around to whoever could fit me into their schedule last minute until I went to Frankie 5 years ago. Since then I've only been getting my hair cut from her. She does a great job every time and is always in a good mood. 5 stars from me.
Stopped in for some sushi n kirin n sake, kirin n sake always good, we ordered omg roll, Vegas roll and some tempura shrimp n veggies. Everything was okay, not really blown away by the food. Service was decent considering the restaurant was empty.
I really enjoyed our stay. The suite was lovely. They messed up on our breakfast twice, but it was included with our stay, so I can't really complain.
The food has gone down hill and the prices have gone up.  I like the park but eat before you go.
Loved.This.Place. Awesome candlelit ambience, spacious seating options, and friendly service.  Well-sorted menu with vegetarian and seafood options (yay me). Deschutes Brewery Porter. Affordable price point.
Great German food, portions are huge. The beers are brewed on the premises noisy place, great environment to hang  out with friends.
If you're used to shopping in NYC then I suggest you go back and quit complaining!! Harris Teeter is the best for what we have going on in NC. If you want fancy then go to Whole Foods or Fresh Market.  End of story.
Its a great park, always lots of activites going on. The bathroom faciliaties are not very clean, but you cant expect to much from a park.
Bad food.  I don't think it is a problem with this location.  More of a Ruby Tuesday problem.  Food sounds good on the menu, but the appearance and taste is poor and has been past 2 times
We really enjoyed opening night tonight! Our server was Julie and she was awesome! She made sure we felt welcome and drinks were always fresh! Make sure you ask her when you stop over! \nIf your having a party the shot ski is where it begins here!
Loved the food!  Fresh and flavorful.
This is a wonderful place where you can tell everyone loves what they do! We got our puppies neutered today at their clinic. Incredibly affordable! If you plan to do use their low cost clinic then make sure you arrive early!
Good food, very clean restaurant, service has always been good. Great restaurant for large groups.
ok sushi. very high prices. sometimes good service other times horrible. I'll stick to sakana in mesa.
I came to this restaurant several times for their good food. However, what always stands out is the terribly bad service. The waitresses are unfriendly and very slow. The food is over priced given poor service.
They do a really good job of thoroughly cleaning the car but be prepared to be relentlessly pressured to buy any number of other cleaning services or having your windshield repaired during the check in process.  It borders on annoying and it happens every time.   A polite no thank you should be enough to get a service tech to back off but doesn't always work here
By far my favorite Pizza place in the east end.  The buffalo chicken pizza here is fantastic, and very unique.  I haven't been able to find anything even remotely approaches it in other cities.  \n\nThe place is a bit pricey, but I feel its worth it.  My go to pizza delivery place!
I paid $40 per person for New Year I was extremely disappointed thinking that the food would match the 5 star rating the hotel has. The decor and resturant is very elegant and beautiful but the food is terrible and expensive.  I left feeling ripped off as the food crap and I would of been better off going to Dennys for breakfast.
Good fish sandwich.
Really good food.  It's creative and fun, I love the sweet potato puree in the burritos.  The garlic crema is amazing as well.  The delivery is fairly fast, the only reason i gave it 4 stars was because i think it's a bit pricey.
The set up of the bar has a lot of potential & the service is great.  They do have a lot of growing to do, but they are still a fairly new bar.  Give them a year or so of development & this 4 star review will become a 5 star review!
Good food, great drinks, and great place to watch games on sundays, its just really really far away from where i live.
This location is a prime example of superb customer service. The manager, Julie, is very personable, kind, and she makes it a point to remember your name! The food is always prepared correctly and presented perfectly. I visit this location a minimum of once per week. Keep up the good work!
I have been here once, and had about 9 whiskey/cokes... for 14 bucks!!!! Great service and bouncers are nice too. Cant wait to go back
The food was overpriced, the service was disappointing, and the portions were small. I feel like that summarizes this restaurant adequately. Better places out there. ESPECIALLY for mexican food.
The crablegs are great.. The atmosphere is good\nBathrooms could be bigger with more stalls and upgrade the televisions to the 21st century \n\n\nThe sushi is good fresh ...\nThe price Is good as well \n\n I will be back
WORST pizza I've had all month ~ and I've had a lot of bad pizzas in Arizona!
Food was subpar.  Clams were not fresh.  Service made up for a little bit of it.  Our waiter was really attentive.
Delicious dumpling.  I tried the fried pork and coriander ones.  I still remember the perfect little burst of broth from each bite :) Can't wait to tried the steamed ones next time around.
Went here after a two year absence and was very happy. I got the mesa burger again and it did not disappoint. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone around Caesars Palace. Not too expensive, not too extravagant. Just right.
A great place to gamble with nice friendly dealers and gamblers. Clean bathrooms, good food.
Just okay food. I can make better food at home for cheaper.
Awesome service and very kid friendly.  Charlie and Joe were amazing helping me find what I needed while shopping with my 3 kids.  I would highly recommend Living Spaces...great service, good prices and impeccable service.
Sandwiches are ok depends on who is making them sometimes really good. They are very inconsistent which is aggravating. They are pretty quick!!!!
Love this place. Great sushi. Great service.
This place is a secret treasure. For thirty bucks I got the best pedicure I've had in Madison.  It's too bad that I was in a rush, but I am very happy with the result. I will be returning.
Stayed in the Courtyard Las Vegas South 1/3/13.  Very convenient to the strip without all the frenzied crowds.  Kind staff, clean room.  .  .  No problem checking in early.  Will stay again.
This Jack's has been closed!  Thank goodness since we got food poisoning from this place!  YUCK!
perfect mid-night snack the pastrami was great price was fair for a Vegas casino, I like that i ddint have to stand around waiting 20min for a sandwich the had it ready in less then 5min and thats with 15people in line ordering before me..
Came here for lunch and was happy with their lunch special. The lunch came with tofu soup, crab rangoon and a fried wonton. Portions were nice and food wasn't too greasy or salty. Service was good and staff was friendly
It is bar food but it's more of a sports sports themed Applebees. I'm not a really big fan but the service is pretty good.
My friends and I come here to use the batting cages. They are pretty run down, the helmets are borderline nasty and the bats are pretty beat up but the price is dang cheap. $1.50 for 18 balls, no cost for rentals. Not a bad spot to spend an hour or two killing time and hitting balls!
I have a love hate relationship with this place. Sometimes you get awesome service and sometimes you get awful service. Sometimes your food comes out super fast and sometimes it's super slow. I do like their menu and their food is usually always good. The problem is you never know what type of experience you will have until you get there.
there's no reason to shop here anymore since they get rid of the big coupons ($5 off $25, $15 of $70 etc) while the products is expired and has gone over priced.  I could just shop at Albertson in this case with more selection.  Bye Fresh and Easy.
Love stopping in here for a juice. Everything is fresh and organic and its ready pretty quick.
Nice atmosphere, but the worst service in Arizona. If you want to line up for over an hour just to order your food, then this is the place. One person to take everyone's orders. Unbelievable that people would pay for this.
Updated to three due to owner comment. Thanks for that.
$42 for 3 shots of absolut?!? Not including the tip? Are you kidding me?
Quaint, atmosphere and great food to boot. If you want to break from the norm, start here!
Creative, fresh, tasty & here to stay!\nI have had many items on the menu, breakfast and lunch, enjoyed it all.
The hubby and I ordered the starter ceviche REALLY GOOD! I had the ahi tacos also REALLY GOOD it came with white rice and black beans. The hubby ordered shrimp mango Ceasar salad awesome combo!! Service was outstanding extremely helpful on deciding what to order. Great atmosphere!
Came here for brunch and eh, nothing really special. It seemed like any other buffet on the strip. They had variety of food but none of it was so good that I wanted to get a second serving. Would I recommend this place, probably not but I went during brunch, maybe dinner is something different...
Janet is a master of her trade! She takes a personal approach to made the bride to be feel special and look awesome on her big day!! Kudos to her!!
Comparatively, Le Reve was much more entertaining and awe inspiring water acrobatics show than O with better seating arrangement and a more cohesive story line.
Roast beef sandwich at lunch is literally the best I've had. Cooked to order. Had mine rare.
Came to Vegas and wanted to try something different other than buffetts. I tried this place and I have to say it was pretty good. The portions are huge, you might want to share. They have a variety of food, and also specialty drinks. Overall everything was good.
Awesome Soul Food!!
The food here is very decent. My favorite here is the lo mein, it's so tasty. Even better than panda expresses IMO. Although the service here is crappy and the servers are sometimes rude I'll still order pickup for some fast yummy Chinese food.
mouai
Expensive and poor customer service.  Food was terrible.
Stay away from this cleaning company.........After confirming appointment, they suddenly cancel your appointment a day before and never give you a other cleaning date for the next two months.I will never buy their coupon from groupon anymore.
I like this vet clinic. I have been coming here for over 5 years with my two pups. The staff is pretty helpful as I need help at times since one of my dogs can be a handful. All in all, I like Ann road animal hospital.
Last time we went here we got a hair in the food. Unfortunately, this is enough to prevent us from returning based on the thought of it grossing us out so bad. It's too bad too. :/
My new favorite. There's another pastry shop located in surprise and both are great but for reason I just like this place better. Seemed to have more to choose from. Staff is very friendly and service is fast. Also has eat in area.
Moderate food and service. Highly over-priced.
maybe its unfair because in compairing this place to boiling crab in so cal.. but this place wasn't good at all..
Probably the most expensive poutive i have ever ate but worth every penny!
Food is pricey and didn't look very good. Too bad nothing around was open. As the food came out, I'm glad all I ordered was a beer. Looked like a dirty diner with the employees just sitting around watching tv bc there were no guests. Won't be back if I can help it.
I liked this airport every time I used it to land in or leave Vegas. It is clean, state of the art and has slot machines! Whats not to love about an airport with gambling.
Lame in my opinion. \n\nSuper dead, and very few options of food and shopping.\n\nYou want a Hawaiian marketplace? Fork out the cash and go to Hawaii instead!
Waited 45 minutes for the shuttle.  When we called to find out where the shuttle was, the operator didn't even apologize; she just told us another 15 minutes. When we finally got in the shuttle, the driver went through two red lights. :-(
Taste and presentation of the food was great. Service attentive. Went for the Pre theatre menu n never felt rushed
Great store and resteraunt they carry many israeli spices and things that are hard to find here. Just remember they are closed on sundays. Friendly and helpful staff also.
A good little b fast place nice value for the portions service was fast staff was friendly
Found this restaurant via Yelp and went for hangover brunch. I am a big fan of eggs benedict and I have to say that the \"rustic\" was possibly the best benedict i've ever had. A bit expensive but well worth it.
Burgers are good.  But really thin patties.   Really not much meat at all.  As with most places you get way more bread and bun then meat.   If your carb conscious opt for lettuce  instead.    They do have some killer shakes though
the lines are always ALWAYS long.  I don't get it.
This place is really different in a refreshing kind of way! You get to reminisce and eat a delicious burger!
An old fashioned type barbershop. No frills  or fancy products here. The mismatched furniture makes this place a feeling of home.  Just a good time chatting with a familiar friend while watching tv and getting a quality haircut for a fair price.  Straight edge cuts are the classic here.
Big problems with proper food handling and customer control, )kids touching food using and returning plates to stacks, etc.)  I almost guarantee you'll get sick to your stomach if eating here.  Its a shame since the concept is so nice.  This is one you'd think the health department would key into
Great place.  I had the scallops which were cook perfectly and my wife had the trout which was overcooked.  She did mention this to the waiter who just shrugged it off.  We weren't expecting a refund but an acknowledgment that he would pass the comment to the chef.
Food is the same.  Prices are the same.  What this place has that most don't are the people.  The staff always make the difference and the young man that was at the register was soft spoken but patient and smiling.   Glad to stop in at an LJS and not regret it, for once.
All I got to say is rude and they don't know how to use the milk shake machine, I mean if its on the menu they should know how to make it and it shouldn't take 10 minutes. So if u like rude workers who wish they were drunk to be happy go here
One star is too many. I used THEIR preferred cleaning and carpet companies. Patched every tiny nail hole from pictures, painted and complied with their every wish. I had professional landscapers on a regular basis, kept the home immaculate inside and out...still, no return on deposit. Shady.
They are never on time. I will wait an hour after my apt time just to see the vet. Ridiculous.
Decent enough.
This place is an excellent joint to get a good lunch on the go. I had the tuna sando and it rocked. Lots to choose from on the menu and lots of healthy options if that is your bag. Oh the sites are quite unreal..in fact, they arent real!!
The space is really cool and the service was good, but the food was less then impressive. I think the menu can be a little more creative and better quality for a place like this. Its reminiscent of cafeteria food. Drinks were good though.
Surprisingly decent food for an Americanized Mexican place.  Strong margaritas, great chips and guacamole.  The tortillas for the tacos were stuffed with black beans, and the chicken had great flavor and a nice char.   Not a bad place to chill with some drinks and check out the view at Rehab.
i heard about Bliss ReBar from a coworker so i decided to stop in on a sunday for brunch, yummy yummy yummy for sure....food was really good, drinks were better and the staff was great...will be on the re visit list for sure!
Convenient location and good Shell gas, but somewhat dirty and more often than they should be they are out of something.  GVG's in general seem to be run rather loosely.  Considering the neighborhoods they are in, they should be better cared for.  The kind of bring the area down a bit...
Great food and drinks! I also love the atmosphere...not always the best service, but worth it for the food and surroundings.
The Habit Burger is a glorified Carl's Junior with not as many options. Your tastebuds will recognize that this is over priced frozen food even though Habit claims their food is fresh and not frozen. This will not become a Habit for me.
Liguor, liguor and more liguor.  We were stacking up before we settled in. They have galores of alcohol. They have some hard to finds too. The cashier had small talk with his guess as he rung up the price. They had very good prices and warm service
Went for lunch.  Food was decent.  Smaller portions than expected for an Italian restaurant. There were 5 of us and we ordered 4 appetizers, and we all ordered lunch.  Food was good, but not great.  Service was decent, and they gave us time to chat and enjoy each other's company.  Very nice atmosphere.
This gelato tastes so good I thought there was an Umpa-Lumpa in the back making it.  \n\nAs they say in Lumpa Land... Yum yummy
Yay! Crisis averted!!! Heater fixed ... Thank you for the quick response. The technician Raphael was very professional and efficient!!!
Good food, good drinks, good service. The soft pretzel bun for the burgers is delicious!
Great food, friendly staff, and short wait. I love the fact this is health conscious place of business. The hummus is excellent and the soup was excellent as well.
Not a bad place to browse around for a while. The staff is cheerful and relaxed. it's mostly geared for college kids, though.
I enjoyed my visit here. Very friendly staff and pretty clean too. The food was good and you really can't complain about it.
This place was shit. Dry meatloaf and glue for gravy and a side of plastic mash. Veggies were bland and the whole dish was a complete mess.
Club Pure is still a fun place to party!  The crowd is not like what it used to be, maybe cause it's getting old.  I DO recommend trying out XS, only because it's the hottest club, right now.
Cute little spot.  We need more little indie spots like this one.  Caribbean-inflected menu.  Lots of jerk-spiced stuff.  The food didn't blow me away, but the service and overall experience make it worth a trip.
Not to my taste.  Grew up on real Chinese food in California and this is not it.  No flavor. Quality of both beef and chicken seemed low grade.  Fried Won Tons were not crispy.  Over an hour wait for delivery.  No return experience for me.
On vacation and this place was across the street. The guy who helped me was very nice. He carried on conversation and reccommeded places I should try in the area while visiting. I wish I knew his name to put on here. He spoke english and lived in North Carolina at one time. Anway, prices were good and service
The menu here has changed drastically and is not what it used to be. Their menu use to be incredibly diverse and was a drunkards orgasm. This is only the place to come if you don't want to blow a hole in your wallet and you want some decent food.
ZERO Stars.  Today, my friend in a wheelchair came in and his friends wanted to sit at the bar for a slice.  They asked if there was an exception to the rule about being at the bar.  The manager told my friend that he could not be accommodated.  That's illegal and immoral and absolutely disgusting.
So slow! Not sure what the issue is with this location but they need help. I've been on 2 different occasions and both times they took forever. \n\nThe food is fine but next time I have a sonic blast craving I may have to think of an alternative.
Just ok...the atmosphere was extremely dated, but the happy hour prices were good enough to give this place 3 stars!
I am so glad I found this place.  it's a small tiny shop and everything there was so good.  The bread chips and the sandwich specials - I dont even remember what I had anymore, but i wanted to go back and have another one!  Great people as well!
Its 24 hrs open Korean bbq restaurant. Good service good food but they r little expensive. Best time to go between 2300 -0800 because they have 20% off from total bill. Other than that, clean, friendly, good food...
It's okay...I think it's a little on the pricy side but the portion is pretty generous - need to share!! The onion rings are pretty good!
Drove by today.  CLOSED
I got there during the height of the lunch rush and the place was a zoo.  The staff handled it well and pushed out sandwiches as fast as possible.  It still took about 20 minutes to be served.  I had the honey ham sandwich and it was well prepared.  It was interesting watching people trying to figure out the high tech soda machine.
Stopped by again because my mom was looking to have a ring appraised.  Not only do I believe they were honest and well knowledged, they offered to clean my wedding rings for free that they resized for me in the past!  How sweet!  :D
We've had 3 Hale doggy doors in the past 10 years (moved houses). They have been such a great company to work with and the product has been awesome and of great quality. Would highly recommend! When they came to install they were very nice, informative and cleaned up. Would use them again for sure!
MojoPhysio helped me immensely with my chronic pain due to a torn rotator cuff. I was referred there by a fellow golfer and the results have been a dramatic increase in my ability to play golf again and to carry on day-to-day, pain free! I highly recommend their services! Mark K.
Overall it was not very good. The employees were rude and noone helped me out when I needed a question. Though there oatmeal cookie yogurt was decent I will be going to the Yogurtini on happy valley from now on.
Horrible customer service, horrible management, incompetent employees.  Worth driving to Lowe's or a different Home Depot in Gilbert.
I really discount tire for their prices and warranties, but one thing I can't stand is how they scraped my lip on my new wheels when they installed the new tire. Of course they denied it...what to do, ugh.
Our family has been going here for years!  Kids love the calzones.  They taste great and they are HUGE!  I love the Pizza Muffins.  Great family atmosphere and the service has always been very good.  Great food at affordable prices!
Excellent food and excellent service. I would definitely recommend to anyone visiting charlotte. The bourbon filet was amazing as was the ribeye! They are willing to customize anything and everything and went out of their way to make sure eveything was perfect for our entire party. Amazing views to top it off!
Second time came to this place and all the foods from the start till the desert was awsome!!! I mean, e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g!!
I hate to do this, but this is one of the worst roller coaster experiences I've ever had.  The restraint system hurt my neck.  For $14, the coaster itself isn't horrible, in fact it has a nice little 180 flip and roll, but overall, I was dissapointed.
I love IN-N-OUT Burger! I'd say, the best and healthiest fast food place around.
great boba but customer service is not as good.\nhad a friend come here and got a wrong order for a drink when there was only two of us. but great boba.
Had the Eggs Benedict and the Greek Omelet.\nBoth were excellent.\nService was great. Prices very reasonable.
i love their garlic knots & gnochi with meat sauce
Nice establishment. Took my daughter here for the driving range which is lighted at night. The staff were friendly. The pricing is very reasonable for kids.  The ponds and streams were gross with build up and flying bugs. They need to look into maintaining these better
Man, I totally love the food at this place. The difficult part is when you are ordering takeout. Every single time I call in they mess up my order and have even charged my card twice for a dinner I had bought. Make sure when you eat here you are paying attention to what they are doing.
Takes forever for pizza to bake. Double dough is super flimsy. Pan pizza has so much dough! Love the cheese they use, but makes for a puddle of grease. Too spendy to frequent.
The food here is pretty good. I enjoy drinking outside.\n\nA lot of hipsters hang out here. \n\nGet over it. It's Tempe
Quick service and decent sandwiches is the name of the game here.\n\nI end up at Jimmy John's when I need lunch and have a limited time to eat. Great for delivery as well.
First time there.  Nothing to be uber excited about.  Good drink prices.  Decent pub grub.  Decent ambiance.  Not great, not bad.  Bartender had a good personality, at least she acted like she was there for more than just a paycheck unlike some places.
This place has gone downhill, quickly. Avoid. Search other places in walking distance instead.\n\nProblems: The clientele. The decor. The lights are left on at night. The drinks aren't made well. Shotty service.\n\nPros: They have TV's.
I have been a regular here.. excellent food, took a few attempts to get used with the order form. If you get the right combinations, its very unlikely to go wrong. \n\n9Q & 7,   W, BLK    is my standard... :)
It was okay, flavor wise. Nothing outstanding. There were a lot of Chinese items but the Japanese section was kinda limited. I felt skimped.\n\nI left nothing but rice balls on my plate, hell no I ain't falling for that.
I love Old Navy for the sales really.  Things priced at the regular price are not quality enough to warrant the price.  This location is good, I hate the clearance area it's always a mess.  But this is without a doubt the friendliest location in the west valley.
I have been waiting for something like this to come Vegas! This spot is just proper and done right. If you like making your own personal pizza and gluten free. This is the spot!
Bad service. I would rate zero star if possible. They didn't serve us because we were waiting for friends coming. Extremely bad service. Don't go there if you are in a group
Its amazing how different taste buds can be. That PEACH COBBLER was wayyy too sweet for me and not enough pastry in the mix. I did not like it, but I did like Brian the \"Brotha\" with the cornrows, he was comic relief.
These guys rock! Perfect For your Mediterranean fix. Spanakopita, Tiropita and Chicken gyros have all been tried and loved. Have always gotten a friendly staff member whether in person or over the phone. Snappy delivery, too. Can't lose with this place.
Ordered the prime rib special. Was not impressed but service was great. I will try again
Well two days later and I am still sick from food poisoning.  I came from all the positive reviews  as I have just moved from Hawaii. It was the last meal I have had in three days.  I had #12 with added beef balls.  All my sides looked recycled and soup had a strong lime taste.  Needless to say I will not be back.
Came with a group of friends and all of us left full and happy! Staff was great and the food was exactly what you would expect from a southern BBQ joint - and that's a good thing! We were too stuffed to try the pie, but would happily come back and try to save some room.
Overrated. Salty meat - ask for no salt and they'll make it for you.
Very authentic but incredibly noisy at lunch time. The second room seems to be favored by the Portuguese-speaking workers--that's where you want to sit if you want the full experience.  Fresh and simple cuisine, nothing fancy. \n\nI wouldn't go there for dinner, though.
I have had breakfast here 2xs in the last month. Each time we had quick service and great food. My husband had a breakfast burrito with Chorizo which he loved. \nI have to say the best thing is the enormous cinnamon roll. \nyum-
Fresh sushi, all you can eat, and the turnover is so quick that the sushi doesn't  sit around and get stale. Lots of choices and varieties, but I would stay away from the hot food as it wasn't as fresh. Little pricey at $20    per person but the food is good for the price.
Up sold on many items in burro and greedy with the grilled chicken. Huge tortilla but this company likes to make it look big with rice and beans only.
The filet meal was good, the soup was nice, the sushi was really good and the service was excellent - loved the place!
Terrible service. Very unprofessional would never go back. Chose a different location in the epicentre if you want a good time and to be treated well.
This store is a decent store. The staff is helpful. One of the cashiers had a funny nature about her. A little sarcasm thrown in, but she was cool and helpful. Prices were pretty good there as well. I'm sure I'll make return trips there eventually for work.
Great food but the wait staff is off putting, our waitress  seemed  bored and not wanting to be their with a rushed attitude towards us. Unfortunately I was hopping this would be my go to neighborhood restaurant but scratch that idea.
Food is good ,, but service is not ,, there is not hot water to wash ur hands ,, I'm very disappointed !!
When I'm in the dumps my wife picks me up a piece of cheesecake. The slices have gotten so small and prices so high... Won't be back. \nThey also did not respond to complaint on Twitter. \nBye bye Cheesecake Factory
Snob, cher, peu copieux (voir la photo) trop guind\u00e9 et peu de choix pour un brunch.
We came here because we saw the words: crepes & gelato and couldn't resist. \n\nThe food and service was both excellent while the atmosphere was fun and Parisian.  Sadly they non longer offer gelatos, but that didn't stop us.\n\nEnjoy!
Saigon Pho has some of the best Vietnamese food I have ever had. \n\nTheir lemon grass chicken is spicy, but oh so good. Their Thai iced tea is not watered down like other places. \n\nThe staff here is quick on the order, patient, and super friendly.
A nice new store. There are many in the north of the valley, this one is the nicest. Out of the way so never busy. All the great little shops inside and even a Starbucks.
Was sold a non-working copy of FIFA 13. The disc had a big crack on the inside ring and never should have been sold in the first place. However, I was given a full refund with no hassle
Out of this world.  I've had many a meal here, but never a bad one.  So what if it's slow sometimes? Relax.  \n\nExtra green sauce, every time.\\\\
While in Montreal a friend and I went dancing here. Great music, decent drink prices. Friendly atmosphere. A great tip for anyone young going to Montreal on a weekend go to St Laurent early and go to every bar and you get your hand stamped to go back in that way you can go from place to place and not worry about a line up.
Great place to get cold drinks and really good bar food! Bartenders are amazing and always friendly! Plenty of TV's to catch any game you wish! Can't go wrong here!
Good stuff. \nIt was nice, for a change, to have a burger that tastes like beef! \nI had the Sconnie Burger and it was excellent.\nMy wife had the AJ Bomber Burger and really enjoyed it.  We'll be back!
2 restaurants in one and draft root
Worst petco ever bad cashier rude will never go back and i don't recommend to anyone!!
For a place with such an interesting and hopeful menu, I was terribly disappointed. Putting chile powder on everything does not make the dish flavorful and is far from creative. Will not be back. Decent service though and would try f n b next door.
Great spot for crepe of ur choice. Savory or sweet w diff types of batter. They have their house specialties as well as the flex to have u create ur own. Plus they have ample seating & plenty of teas to choose from. It's a cute spot right by the metro.
The bathrooms were abysmal in the early afternoon and the water fountains barely worked, if at all. The seats were comfortable and the service okay. There are definitely better theaters in Charlotte, unfortunately none of those are closer.
Huge line to pick up a car even though I made a reservation :-(
How can this be a 5. The ruben sandwich was half warm and did not have great flavor.
Just not good.  The few times I went I gazed longingly across the street at The Garage...where the food is actually good and I'm not pissed when the check comes to the table.
went to drive thru, Smh. Horrible customer service. The girl made a rude comment after I changed the size of my blizzard. So rude!!! If you don't like your job. LEAVEEEE!
The place and ambiance was great.....but...from a tapanyaki standpoint....about as close to the bottom as possible. Benihana's was one of the originals.....it sure hasn't kept up with the rest of them!
Stunning. Speechless...
it seems  that latley the food have been hit or miss..no sweets except on sunday and some of the food is either 2 sweet or salty. and the guy on register was slow. the inside has never been redone
Very limited menu allows them to concentrate on the pies they make. Valet parking is 3 bucks... we chose to park an walk half a block. Great service and food.
Impromptu girls weekend pedicure trip! Very accommodating (several of us requested last minute manicures and they were able to squeeze us in) fantastic staff (super friendly), and just all around a great stop. Highly recommend!
Excellent brunch and excellent service! This is going to be short and sweet, if you can make it out for brunch, get the carne adovada benedict and enjoy!
I guess I agree with the 3 star rating the place currently has. I like the concept, love local joints, enjoyed their assortment of teas and wines, but that is about it. The service, timing, and environment needs work.
Top quality local neighborhood (Grayhawk) gem. \n\nEver changing menu of meat, seafood, & pasta options.\n\nGood wine list. Cozy atmosphere. Good service.
Nothing special.  Won't come back.  Came for a bachelor party.  \n\nPlace was empty on a Saturday night.  I don't even remember what I ate - I think some sort of beef.
A Pittsburgh tradition.  Try the Cheese stuffed pretzel appetizer, Count Esterhazy Schnitzel, and Apple Strudel (of course) for dessert.  Yum
Love this place. It has some of everything. The inventory changes but, it's always replaced with quality stock. It's likely to perk up the shopper as well as their abode.
Great ceviche tostadas and fish tacos. One of the best in the city.
Came her for lunch.  As the name states, lots of burgers/sandwiches and shakes.  Server was friendly.  Food was above average with lots of unique burgers and shakes.  They have a wide variety of alcoholic shakes as well.  Prices are a bit high although that's kind of expected in vegas.
What a great dental experience. This is a very modern and clean office. My daughter had a few teeth extracted today and I can't compliment the staff enough. Very professional, gentle, and kind. They took such good care of her, and that says a lot. I'd definitely recommend this dental office to anyone that's looking.
We had dinner there last night with some new friends from Canada.  Food was much better than what's served in the one in New Castle, DE.  Bonus, happy hour prices all day Sunday!  Service was so so.
I've had better BBQ from Famous Dave's.  I don't recommend and would suggest driving the extra distance to go somewhere else.
SMS, I enjoy your food, but is it so much to ask for some sort of \"hello/hi/hey/good evening/thanks/your welcome\" from your delivery guy?
the drinks here are soooo good. as for the food.....eh
Ordered twice here and everything was not authentic and tooooooo salty.\nAvoid the place even you have nothing to eat at midnight.
Hidden little gem! Absolutely love their $1 Bloody Mary's and Mimosas on Saturday and Sunday! Honestly, who does that? Their food is always great. It's familiar in flavor but with unique flare and combinations. C'mon beer and a brie sandwich, um Yum!
Not too many great BBQ places. This one is wonderful. Cornbread alone brings us back.
If it's your first time in Vegas, do yourself a favor and watch this free show.\n\nIf you are watching from the street the music can be quite loud. I wasn't able to view it during nighttime, but I am told that they have lights that light up the fountains.
Good food! Sundays kids are free! Great service! Loved it! I recommend any kind of pizza and the strawberry and Gorgonzola salad!
I wish I could remember the name of the lady that cut my hair.  It was the fastest, better looking haircuts I have ever had.  She didn't try to make small talk, which I really appreciated.  She cut my hair in about 7 minutes flat!
Pretty lame. It's ok if you're nearby and have nothing to do with 10 minutes to kill. I could hardly hear the dialogue.
10/7/2013 After all the reviews, I had high expectations.  The bartender was pompous. The steak was bland and pan seared?  The potato lacked the garlic they we're suppose to have.  Finally the vinaigrette was too sweet. Not a good restaurant.
A very fiendly staff, hot food cooked to order, and everything else in place.  I have been there twice for breakfast and twice for lunch.  Would recommend it to anyone!!!
I ordered double pepperoni and double cheese.  Good thing, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to call it pizza.
Do not go here. Awful people. Honestly, do you want to be replaced by iPads and robots?
This is wonderful. We waited about 2 hours to sit, but played the slots and watch the fun music bead throwing going on at the bar! Great place and yummy food. worth the wait!
I went here last night for the first time. Just a casual little place but so delicious! Probably the best seafood I've had in Vegas. The manager, Mike, was super personable and helpful. I will definitely be going back!
Great, as usual!
So the food here is really really tasty and fresh. Their grilled chicken salad is awesome. Also the fruit and cheese plate is delicious and huge. The service has always been friendly and fast and their pizzas are so good.
Great selection, friendly and knowledgeable staff.  One of the most reliable Vape stores in the valley with multiple locations!
I tried their yakisoba and as far as cheap Asian-y takeout-y noodles go, I can't believe I'm saying this, Chopstix does it better. It's edible though so whatever. Lol.
They have excellent Pho Dac Biet! But their keg was frozen so I could not get the beer special of the day and had to get a glass of Stella instead.\nNext time I'm in the area I will try their sushi.\n\nddc
Don't get me wrong. I love Pamela's. But this location can't compare to the others I've been to. I'm usually not a snob when it comes to waiting for food, but waiting over 30 minutes for pancakes, when every other location has you your food in less than 10? No thanks
My new favorite place to dine out. I come here regularly since it is very close to where I live. The boss is very friendly and the food is great! They have taste Shanghai style food and their Szechwan style food is also very good. I will definitely recommend this place.
This is a very nice supermarket. Great prices and incredibly well organized and spacious supermarket. I have been looking for a \"Mexican\" supermarket on this side of town, and I'm glad to say that this one is it! I will be visiting this place often.
Great appies and bar specials!  The Disco Fries are insanely good...almost a gourmet poutine (for my fello Canadian peeps!) and the mussels were great too. Cool patio vibe. Great date night spot.
Exceptional!!!! \n5 stars all the way around. \nThis is an amazing hidden gem off the strip. Wonderful staff, comfortable rooms and quiet. \nI recommend this hotel highly!!\nThank you guys!!
Great neighborhood Chinese food place. The food is excellent and service was great too. I had the combination fried rice, chow mein and teriyaki chicken. I will definitely come back. Keep in mind that they are preparing your food fresh, so it may take a little longer. I suggest you call ahead.
Never buy anything from this store. They fraudulently change your contract after you sign everything. We need anyone who has had problems with this store to contact me.
Great food. Incredible staff. Fun atmosphere. I love trader joe's. \nIf you are looking for affordable organic food - look no further. Besides that if you aren't satisfied then you can bring it back. This place is full of friendly, helpful people.
The new owners are wrecking this place. Just returned to Montreal for a short vacation and the staff are way overworked. Won't be going back - it's better in my memories. The food has gone down hill.
I love Lola Coffee....I stopped by here the other to get some coffee. Awesome cinnamony (is that even a word?) mexican coffee... lol and the cinnamon coffee cake. Great pastries!  I also like the ambiance. I love supporting local business like this.
My husband and I had our wedding reception there, and the service was terrible. My guests staying at the hotel did not like the rooms either, they could hear whats happening next door.
Best fish taco I've had outside of San Diego.  Service is fast and courteous, cheap drinks and the corn salsa is fantastic.
Great salads with good service.  Great for lunch or a light dinner.  The patio area is really nice and has a great vibe.  Enjoy!!
what a fun place great food i stoped by to get a bite to eat at the bar i had the calamari it was delicious,i also played forty bucks and hit a royal flush the bartender was so much fun a big bald guy hes a riot what great time i am telling you you must go its the best
So, I went because of all the hype. Immediately, realized how overrated it was. The ambiance is like a Chilis but trying to be mexican.
The best day was amazing but the service was even better!  Pat kik incredible care of us so much so that we never had a dirty dish or an empty glass of the table for the hours we were there. The prime rib, many soups and noodles as well as a fresh salad bar were delicious but the desserts are incredible!
Only stopped in for breakfast but really enjoyed it. The restaurant has an old time feel and the waitresses wear the old style diner uniforms I remember as a kid. The service was great and the food was good too. I'm hoping to actually get a room here next time I'm on Fremont Street.
Delish. Ordered the Sole and it was outstanding. Service was attentive without being intrusive. The bread basket is evil... amazing. The hubby is going low carb so\nmore for me.
This location is the WORST! I love 3p's pizza but I can't stand this location. If you complain about the service to a manger they will tell you flat out that you are wrong!
The view from this hotel is really cool at night especially, but the hotel itself is not that great.  It's kind of old and shabby.  The bathtub wasn't very inviting, even for a shower.
This place is like going over to moms house. Everything is simple and excellent. I had the chicken fried steak for dinner which was great. The mashed potatoes are the real deal mashed reds with the skin mixed in. I was so grateful to find a place to get a good meal... like a breath of fresh air.
Awesome breakfast menu, it is a favorite of ours for that. Lunch and onward is more average. I recommend the charritos or the milkshakes.
This place is awesome. Great, witty staff, amazing food, and a great draft beer and cocktail menu make this one of my favorite places to eat in this area.
Salsa bar is great, and so aren't the chips. Food is better than average, and service is usually pretty good. People-watching there is fun.
Went for the Chicago style pizza.  It wasn't even close to Chicago style. No big deal I thought.  Pizza is hard to mess up.  Don't know what it was but it just didn't like the taste of it. Didn't even finish the leftovers which is rare. I won't be going back.
Who loves crepes? I do, I do! And these were yummy too, good job :)
:/
Really nice and modern hotel from the ruins of the old Lady Luck.  Great rooms, good prices, and a location one (normal sized) block from Fremont St.
We love playing this course every time we are in town.  It is always in great condition.
Service at the bar area is hit or miss. We had two bartenders waiting on us.  One made our drinks and delivered in record time.  We ordered a few apps and an entree. The apps all came but they completely forgot our entree.  After an hour of waiting we decided to leave.
We've gone here 3 times now and they keep getting worse.  The last time was take out and when we got home the order was totally wrong.
Wonderful!  Everything was fresh and obviously made in house.  We ate too much and had to bring home a few pastries for later.  A great place for anytime of the day...breakfast, lunch or dinner.   They serve breakfast all day too.   Super friendly service, too.
Worth a visit. The food is solid, the atmosphere interesting, the prices surprisingly cheap. Mimosas and bloody marys (big ones) for 3 bucks. That's what I'm talking about. I've eaten here twice and both times the service was good. I will return.
Dont let the size of the restaurant fool you, the staff is always friendly and the sushi is expertly done.  I have never had something I did not like here.
OK location, but the management is a joke.  Seriously lacking in customer service, follow-through and overall professionalism.
Drive thru Is ok. Decent service. Surprised though tht the chicken burritos doesn't have any beans in it. It wa just a giant chicken taco... But ehh anyways it's not disappointing. Quick grab an munch.
We were heading to Trader Joes and ran into this gem.  We had the 3 dip appetizer and and each had our own different tea.  Everything was great and the staff was extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  The smell of all the herbs and food when you walk in is enough to make you want to give it a chance!
I've been training for a 10 K.  My legs and back were very tight.  Ethan, LMT, gave me an excellent massage.  He worked through the tightness....I fell so much better.  I strongly recommend Ethan.
First time in and was pleasantly surprised. Christopher was the only one working (I think ) and he was very kind. Greeted us immediately and always had a smile on. Very kind. Definitely left happy
The service was great but the food was mediocre. We both got the admiral steam pot and the crab tastes great for the first few minutes but gets cold fast. The corn was bland and lobster was nearly tasteless. We won't be back especially at $70 for two meals.
I don't really understand the hype around this place it's expensive it's dirty there are roaches in there... the food is not that great I really just don't understand why these people are so in love with it I know Italian food and this Italian food is not that great
Was in the area and hit this place for lunch today. Every thing was very good, especially the nan which was brought to my table fresh and hot.  I have eaten here many times before but not lately. Some days they have stuff I like better than other days but it is always pretty good.
AMAZING food!!!! That's all I can say about the lemongrass chicken rice dish I had.
Very good library!  A lot of newspapers from around the US...very nice.  Good location -- just off Sahara.  Contemporary exterior design...that seems a little out of place for that part of town, but oh well.  The staff are always friendly and helpful.  Thank you Sahara West Library!
Went here last week with 6 guys from out of town. A short ten dollar ride from the strip we had a great meal with great food and lots of imported beer. Total bill for 6 was 140.00.  The cost of an ordinary meal on the strip. Take a chance and wander here.  It will be worth it   The magic moment
A Mesa favorite.  It's the old go to for us.
This theater is a gem. Truly. It is much nicer than how it appears on the outside and one of the few movie theater that services alcohol. Most importantly, though, is that they actually play lesser-known movies at reasonable prices. Support this local business!
I wish the buffet was better for the amount of money I paid for it.\nSadly it was not.  So disappointed since I expected seafood for that price and \nI got none.
No longer in business or at least at fiesta mall and phone number has been disconnected
no appt possible for detailing on weekends.  this is how this business's advertising should read.  always call ahead on weekends for detailing!!!!!!!!
The tacos are good but not enough to fill you up and certainly not worth the\nPrice, waited a long time and got some really small tacos!!\nI would not go there again for sure!
First time here and all the reviews are true.  Pushy and rude.  Mediocre wash.  Just go in with that attitude.
Chickens ok.  Their beef sucks.  Haven't tried the pork.  If It wasn't for the hot sauce I'd of not finished my food.  Don't know how or why this place is rated so high.  You've let me down fellow yelpers
Pretty standard Jamba Juice, considering its at an airport. I like it with extra scoops of whey, especially when traveling, as it can be hard to get adequate protein on days when I travel.
fantastic cocktails combined with great asian fusion.  Absolutely love the selection of tapas style portions.  Try everything from the robata grill.  You must try the Lobster Sushi and if you feel like splurging on calories try the pork belly.\n\nI have never been disappointed here
Consistently pleasing food and friendly service! And their sauce is WONDERFUL! I usually get a monthly coupon in the local mailers and use that to dine in or take out. This is definitely one of my favorite local spots.
Place is a bit loud. The menu is too confusing and the service left much to be desired.
Great find, we just happened to decide to try Postino Central and we are so glad we did!  Of course there is a large wine selection and honestly a better than expected beer selection and the menu has items beyond cheese and crackers!  Quality ingredients and flavor and reasonable prices!
1 star from the vegan perspective, as they use whey (an animal protein) in most of their breads, including their white and wheat sub breads. Please drop the whey (and all other animal products) from your breads!
Food fair, but it doesn't make up for the absolute rudeness and lack of customer service from the employees. They act as if they are doing you a favor buy taking your money. And the customer is just an annoyance. If you open a business in America your employees need to be able to clearly communicate with your customers
Good food, good looking female servers, our male server was a goofball and very confusing.
Seriously sketchy. Last time I was here cops had three people handcuffed lying in their stomachs. There are never any open registers. The produce is disgusting. Half of the parking lot lights are out, and if the people outside are anything like the people inside, I'd rather not be in the dark with them.
It was twice the amount I expected!  And that was with the first time 20% discount!  \nI asked for just a hair cut.  I have short hair.  It cost me $60!  I have a simple layered cut...not worth it!
Wicked-good frappe and espresso! We had Belgian waffles too... Off the chain. Service is super friendly and plenty of parking. Happy to find as we were traveling through phoenix.
Animal Style all the way!  If you don t know the secret menu your missing out :)
This place was good but not as good as the Rio. It has different food like Indian. It was good overall but I was just too tired.
My gf and I stop by to get our usual. She loves their stuffed mushrooms and I like their Chipotle Chicken Pasta. This location always hits the spot on these two things for us. Location is always busy on weekends, expect to wait 15-30 minutes if you are there with a big party.
Great environment for hanging out or watching the game. The service and food were good.
Great location in Oakland. Cheap prices, and yummy food! :) Highly recommended!
The food was not very good at all.  The portions are very small, yet the prices are average if not slightly more.  It also seems like they will try to sell anything that can make money - edamame, boba teas, gyozas, whatever.  NOT a fan.
I would recommend you the potatoes soup or clam chowder they are awesome... services is ok, kind of slow during lunch time
Bad service, slow and unnecessarily rude. Couldn't handle a table of 10 people with very simple orders. Food was decent but it was just disappointing.
Food not very good but people are nice. Some woman threw up on my wife's shoe while in line.
Beautifully designed building with high end shops!  Unless you have a lot of money you will be doing the \"tourist walk through\" like everyone else.  I hope that they will have enough customers to stay in business.  I personally did not see ONE person with a shopping bag...and that's not a good sign.
Nice course. Good shape.Greens were fast wednesday 6-22.A-lot of bunkers.Just hit down middle.Dont really need driver but on the par 5's.Not a long course but nice.
I have been going to Dr Reese for years. He doesn't make up services you don't need and does just what is necessary for your comfort. I moved and still travel a distance as do my grown children because of his superior service.
Surprisingly good burger. Easy place to unwind after day of travel/meetings. Pricing very reasonable.
Great service!\nEven vacuum'd up my crumbs!  ;)
I was needed a locksmith to change my locks in my house found tss locksmith on yelp they provide me an excellent services the guy was honest professional ! Thank you much will recommend to all !
Monsterland is a unique and fun place to enjoy drinks, food and a great atmosphere.  The food is good and the staff are very friendly and helpful.  The decor is a dream come true for all the monster lovers in AZ.  Thank you Monsterland for bringing a new and exciting desination to Arizona.
Came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service. Finally went searching for someone, who only came back with our order after we had nearly given up. And refills on water, coffee or soda? Forget about it.
I wasn't all that impressed with the food here. My husband and I ordered cheese enchiladas and we got chicken enchiladas. The enchilada sauce was a bright unnatural red and didn't have much flavor. Beans and rice were good.
Over Easy has exactly what you want in a breakfast spot-great food, fast service and plenty of hot coffee. They are famous for the banana and pecan french toast, but my favorites are the corned beef hash and the Wolfpack.
This buffet was really poor quality.  If we didn't have a credit there, I would not have eaten here.  Nothing seemed fresh and it was all flavorless.  The desserts looked pretty, but all tasted like cardboard.  There MUST be better buffets in Vegas, don't bother with this one.
Sub par service, sub par food, above par prices, and me and my wife both felt like we were going to vomit an hour after eating here. What more could one ask for?
Decent food at decent prices.
After getting diarrhea from eating the mediocre Mongolian Beef here, I think I would avoid any future contact with this establishment.
Food is always good but service was poor at best today. 23 muni yes to take our lunch order..... And no more lunch specials!
Good selection of flavored and even wider selection of toppings.  Lots to choose from so pick wisely.
We went here for our Anniversary. Service was good food was just ok didn't meet my expectations for the price we paid. I don't think we will go back.
The fried rice was very tasty. Beef kabobs were great as well, however the shrimp kabob was very dry and tasteless.  The owners are very friendly and place looked clean.  We will definitely be coming back.
Best pop corn in town!  Try their Marilyn Monroe that's our fav!  We stop by on way to movies and bring it in with us...  They also do party's!!!!!!
There was a cornhole competetion going on when we got there. Clean, good pizza and calzones. Bucket of beer for $10. Not bad all around, but might question heading into that part of town at night.
Food was meh, nothing special. I was disappointed in the service since the girl at the counter had no idea the ingredients of any of the soups (which was listed on the menu I later found out). Tables were all dirty and the drink station was sticky and not very sanitary.
Is there any chance for zero stars?I guess not......just an advise:stay away from that store...no customer service.....
Service was ok. steamed rice was very dry. Mongolian beef had a good taste.  Mushu chicken was very bland and had to ask for plum sauce to be able to eat it. \nWould not recommend.
Quick, cheap, delicious. I usually go with the chicken souvlaki pita combo, salad dressing and feta are great, and I'm usually not a feta fan.
Called to get someone out to look at some units for me and was told anything after 3 was over time rates.   WOW?!
Took my two little dogs in for a wash. Unfortunately, there was no hot water. The dogs were shivering the entire wash. Very sad. :(
Their squash soup warms the heart!
Fail fail fail!!! Thought about trying this place before leaving Vegas and it was a fail.. Everything is not good. The only thing good is the Mac n cheese bar, how do u mess up in that. Try ceasars if u wanna eat a buffet
Eat in or take out, can't go wrong. Ribs vs. Q is an epic gastronomic battle for the ages. Be Switzerland and get both. Great hush puppies, green beans and potato salad.
Horrible wait time. Waited almost an hr to get help. Just to make a payment! workers are super slow. Sprint service sucks and obviously the stores/workers also, exactly why we went to tmobile instead!
This place is awesome! Must go place in Vegas. Great drinks, food, and entertainment!
Every time I visit my friends in Mesa I force them to take me to Tommy's.  They never disappointment me.  Love everything I drink and eat here.  I also love to shop downstairs.
Effed up my pumpkin spice latte! One of the only things I enjoy in life and they didn't put pumpkin in it. I only give places a one \"strike\" chance.... Strike one!
Decent starbucks, several times I've had to ask for a discount when waiting over 10 minutes in the drive thru (most others will just give it to you at that point). Inside is clean, clean bathrooms as well, however no baby changing stations.
Love the happy hour prices!! The promo girl defiantly keep the place going..
The May special, buttermilk breaded chicken sliders, is excellent. Be prepared to wait a little longer for the order, they don't rush it. The side order of crisps was very small and expensive. I would not recommend it, especially for sharing. Over this place is great for family and friends. I will visit again.
The burger was really good. The service wasn't good.
My partner and I have lived here for a year now and we love it. Unlike where we lived previously the appliances here are of much better quality resulting in far less maintenance requests (I've actually had none as of yet). The building and common areas are all very well kept. We are both very happy residents!
The food was very good. The price was decent if you think about the location. The only thing I can complain about is that the receptionists were somewhat rude.
Love the BBQChicken salad. Try it as a wrap. The stevia lemonade is also very good. Nice patio and grass yard atmosphere.
Let's ignore the trivial stuff - this is a comedy club and what's important is that every person who walked on that stage had me laughing. My cheeks hurt when I walked out of there. I will be back, they are stuck with me now.
Love the food! Everytime when I want to get Roasted Duck, they always have it. I love how the juicy meat of duck goes into my mouth. The service was good as well even on a busy day.
Very plain tasting Chinese food for the price. General Taos chicken had the taste and quality of a frozen dinner just heated up and served. The pad Thai tasted like a bowl of plain noodles. Great atmosphere and service. Appreciated the managers attention once he got wind of our dissatisfaction. Unfortunately I could never recommend the place.
Always friendly, and the crust is so fresh.
I have never liked gyros until I got a chicken gyro at this place and it was so delicious. The man who worked there was so friendly and helpful. Overall, if you have never tried this place, you should at least once.
The food was so-so but definitely overpriced. As my first time coming here, I can say it will probably be my last. Overall, not a very good experience.
Great place to buy a pistol..knowledgeable staff and friendly ...have done business before and will do again..the new location looks great
The food is wonderful,  the inside is nice, and the service was just okay. Asked for a to go cup for my daughter's thai tea and ended up having to ask another server.
good pizza in there. lol
Was not able to eat here for lunch, they closed seating. Asked for next day an same thing happened despite perfect planning.
Meh, I've had better. The Mac & Cheese was good though. Average.
So damn good that it would be idiotic of you to not get the amazing caprasee salad. Service was great. Very Expensive. Totally suggest it!!!
Went in on a Thursday evening for some pho tai. Was quickly greeted and seated and had my order taken. Got #2 spring rolls and #12 pho tai. Food was out scary quick and was good. Highly recommended and I will definitely be back.
For Mexican food, X-Tapa Joe's just isn't very good.  A nice ambiance and excellent service make this place a good stop for a beer or two, but in terms of the food it is just so-so.
Good food and it look clean... i will go back again
This place took forever - the whole wait staff was unprofessional and disgusting in appearance.  I wonder if they even wash their hands... The kitchen staff had nice clothes and wore a smile.  It took 40 minutes to get our food! The food was semi decent but not up to par... Bummer!
This is the place to go on Monday evenings. Half priced great delicious burgers. Also buy a pint of any of 24 tap beers and receive it in a 20oz mug. Not bad for $7.50. Friendly sports environment in the bar with lots of TV'S.
Tried it last week. Went with a friend who flies in chandler. Tried the fried steak and will get it again. Good service and really Fun place with a view on the runway for those of us plane lovers!
The best convenience store around. I'll drive past 3 circle k stores just to go to a qt. They have everything you would want in a gas station. Giving 4 stars because their gas prices are usually higher than everywhere else.
20 bucks a night now for a fridge.  Only 1 person working front desk at checkin and checkout. Unfriendly employees. Wouldn't stay here if I had a choice.
It's a nice hotel for what it is. Cheap!\n\nRoom was decent, had a clean shower and refrigerator. \n\nBed was soft. What else could you ask for?!
Not bad at all. The laid-back semi-hip atmosphere actually works and happy hour deals are good. They also have Franziskaner on tap, which means it's an instant favorite of mine.
Great cheap sunglasses.  I have about 15 pair from there.  They had the best watches in town, but they lost a star when they went away.  I have never looked at the clothing because I wont wear used clothing, not there is anything wrong with that.  Just not for me.  \nBut again, great sunglasses.
I was on time and been waiting for 40 minutes now! Direct care patients are supposed to be seen within 15 minutes! And yes I'm sure the consultation will only be 5 minutes!! They need to get it together!
Love this place late night on the weekends for pizza. I try to be healthy and get the tilapia or salmon on the weekdays but they are almost always out. Oh and I got called out for checking in on Belly without buying anything tonight so that was embarrassing.
Short ribs and Korean chicken wings are to die for. Be sure to check stores hours before going.
Usually have to wait 30 minutes for food. Hard to get a hold of service. Besides the wings, everything is subpar, but 4 star wings. Also, great beer selection and drinks.
Food is horrible!
Still love this place, has character, good breakfast choices, and so on.  The service this time could have been a little better.  Apparently, the waitresses friends were more important than the customers.  Nontheless, the food is good, waitresses are generally very good, and cool place.  Check it out.
I would have never waked into this placE without the reviews from Yelp and man am I glad I did. Great food served up in a shed. Will return.
A hidden vegetarian gem in Charlotte, NC. If you are in the area def stop in, I know I will next time in town.
Hands down the best Indian food in Montreal!!! Make the time to get out the West Island and eat there.  Home cooked by a young woman, with her brother helping to run things.  Love! It!
Nice sales on designer clothing sometimes. But staff can be hit or miss. I like how the store is organized by color, but some of the no-name brands are seriously overpriced here. Great stop for a last-minute-event-notice though.
I just love little places like Desert Jade, too cute!!  It had the charm of a restaurant back in the midwest. We started off with the pork dumplings, very moist and tasty. Just one negative a friend had the curry chicken it was a little too bland.  Overall I would definitely suggest this restaurant.
Cool place, good chocolate rugulas, very friendly staff and patrons.They support local artist and musicians, which is very cool.\nOne gripe: A certain barista sucks at making lattes. Both times it felt like the cup was half empty. Take it easy on the foam lady!
Great place for a drink!!! Love the decor and ambiance. Amanda was a great waitress!
Horrible Experience!  Wrote a review yesterday, and somehow it was taken down. Do Not Shop Here!  Will keep posting Every Day if review is taken down. Terrible Service!
Your typical overpriced Vegas bar. The servers are attentive and nice, and the bar itself is pretty and fun to sit in. It's a good place to kill time if you're waiting for a table at a restaurant, etc., but be prepared to pay $11 for the most basic of cocktails.
Ever eaten at Cheesecake Factory? Then you've eaten here. Only difference is you will pay more.
American Italian, but a pretty cool little place. Recently purchased additional space is quieter.
The service is exactly what you expect, the servers go out of there way to be rude. This place is horrible for groups because since the servers are \"Dicks\" they will not split a check for you. The environment is fun, but the food is horrible.
Very good.  I love my pizzas with no toppings, thin, with a good sauce and excellent cheese.  Cafe Porta Alba was a perfect fit for my personal choices.\n\n\nI got take out and will get again.
What can I say? Over rated to say the least !
The French toast, oddly pancake style, is to die for. Also great to eat the ethnic food in the evening when available.
The Union Grill served me the worst fish tacos I've ever had in my life (complete with rotting avocados)! I've only been here twice, but was not particularly impressed either time with the food or the service. This place will do in a pinch, but it is nothing special.
This is a nice place to get Chinese food delivered from. I've had better and I've had worse, but the thing I like about this place is it's consistently good for a nice price.
prices are cheaper than tea planet/ station\n\nIt was a clean environment.
Food was horrible!   I had the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl & it literally was rice, chicken, & sauce.  Who has a chicken bowl with no vegetables.   The chicken & sauce were completely bland.  Will never be back
Regardless of what Darren W. said, I do not, nor have I ever worked for Phantom of the Attic. However, I have shopped there, and appreciated their selection.
Food is good but I was told I could not have a refill on my soda... Completely turned off by this. You charge me $2 for a soda and will not give 1 refill? Shame!
Why did yelp take my review down about greyhouns's trip from Pittsburgh to Washington, DC on February 15, 2013? If you want more uncensored truths about that horrific trip, just check twitter! What are they afraid of?
For a chain style Sub place its quite good.  food seems fresh has good flavors and service is very friendly and prompt.  Seems to be a lot of competition in the sub sandwich business but they hold there own quite well with other chains.
Beware the heater is broken and I was told by a waitress it has been broken for a long time. The place was freezing, I ate in my coat. The temp outside was 30 and so was the inside.
Ate here again for lunch and the Gyro Sandwich was very good. Place was cleaner and service was good this time around. Will definitely go back for a Gyro and of course a couple of great tasting cannoli's. \n\nWife loved the Greek Salad with Gyro meat.
Joy is like a familiar friend helping you find your best look. She knows her stuff and defines superior customer service.
Pizza and salad were great!  Sandwiches are really good as well.  Good atmosphere and nice staff.
The wait here is going to he long on the weekend but they are very straight forward about that, and very conscious about seething expectations.  The food here is excellent and the service is even better.  Our server, nate, was very knowledgable and friendly.  We will always go here when in Vegas.
Loved the extensive selection of Maritinis and delicious food. The owner came by our table to make sure we were all happy with what we ordered and explained to us exactly how their food/dessert was prepared. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
Amazing! Fantastic food and wine. Not to mention the service was fairly quick and everyone was very friendly. Highly recommend the mushroom pizza- the truffle oil is divine. We'll be back again!
Read all posts and heard great things just walked away not buying anything looked at the menu and ordered at the window to have the snotty little girl be like we discontinued that these are all we have and pointed to a board with 3 flavors on it. You have to be kidding me.
Great spot for food, drinks, and entertainment. The staff is great and its a cozy spot for just chilling
Great place to live! I have to move to Vegas for a work assignment and lived here for a year and I loved it... Great amenities, clean, safe, central location to everything at a fair price. I'd highly recommend this building to anyone looking for an apartment in Las Vegas!
Be prepared for second hand smoke
Attitude with over priced merchandise. Walk down the street to walgreens.
Best bathrooms I've used thus far :)
Food is good and service has been ok. A little on the expensive side. But if you really want sushi, etc. Fresh Wasabi is better than Hayashi, Ah-So, and Ichi Ban.
Unfortunately this place is under new ownership and it seems to be changing quickly. The crust is nowhere near as good and the ingredients seem to be fast food quality. Used to be my favorite pizza place in the area but I'm going to have to start searching again.
adorable.
It's a good irish style bar. Staff friendly. Lots of seats. My sheppards pie was good. Why do restaurants still load up salads with dressing?  It's good non-chain spot in an area filled with chains.
This is a good place to pickup things you may have forgotten to bring on your trip or things you run out of. I always stop in here when passing it on the strip to get water or other snacks.
Do you feel like these places typically rake you over the coals?!  Look no further!  I am grateful my friend originally referred me to BWP.  They are honest, extremely fair in pricing, and always go the extra mile.  I'd recommend them all day long!!
Had a Thai peanut and chicken salad. Very good. The only thing I would change is I would add almonds. The dressing was delicious. It was fresh and the service was great. I love au bon pain and even though they're pricey I think it's worth it.
Nice small place. Great service, very friendly, food served fast,fresh, and hot. Daily lunch specials are the best.
Great staff, not too busy in the mornings or evenings, clean gym with plent of equipment options.  Most importantly, not too many meatheads.
The oho was great. My one criteria for good pho is the soup. A second criteria is the quality of hte meat and on both counts they came up 4 stars. The egg rolls were also great.  The Vietnamese coffee however was not drip coffee and came without the condensed milk. Overall still worth a visit when in Vegas.
We had terrible service and I'm sad that we went. It was a busy Saturday but even the few bartenders weren't friendly or helpful. Had to ask twice for drinks and everything else. I won't be going back by choice.
The sushi here is amazing! I came here for my friends bday party and let me tell you, drinks and sushi all night. Can't beat that!
Friday at 11:45am ... out of Regular Salted Pretzels.\n\n... I cried a little.
It's kind of a miserable experience going to this FedEx facility.  It's so central to the strip that it always seems to be super jam packed.  Not enough staff to handle the demand.  I try to avoid having to go here.
The best place in town to watch European football (soccer for locals). I would rate it with 5 stars but the food is just tasteless, so think about watching football and having drinks there only.
Our Sever was sooo painfully slow, it was too much to take on a not so busy Wednesday morning.. His name is Tracy, steer clear of his area if you want to eat while your food is hot and you would like coffee to be refilled on a timely basis.\nOverall bad
I wanted to like this place, but I just can't give it more than 2 stars. In my opinion, it doesn't compare favorably to some of the other places in town. If I'm in that neighborhood again I might stop in and give it another shot, but I'm not going to go out of my way.
GIGANTIC menu! Everything I have tried here was tasty. A great place to go in a group, order a few dishes and share. We have had several parties here and everybody has loved it.\n\nIt is also BYOB, another plus for parties.
The food here is really great but make sure you come during happy hour. The atmosphere is also really calm and youll be relaxed.
Change your name. I went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable. It's not even a cheese shop. If your interested in purchasing cheese go to Duck & Decanter, Wedge and Bottle, or AJ's.
Great little dive bar.  Food is pretty decent for bar food. Fun place to hang out while waiting for the light rail.
this place is right around the corner from my house. the guys who run it are nice guys. the food is great and the bread is local. i'm glad to see everyone else likes this place as much as i do. let's hope they stick around.
One of my favorite places to get a cigar and cocktail to relax with. Great atmosphere and incredibly knowledgeable staff.
I had the Imam Fainted entree for dinner.  That and the lentil soup were very tasty.
My therapist Ethan, was fantastic! It was my first massage so he took his time to make me feel comfortable and relaxed. I will definitely be coming back.
If your looking for a low-key place to have a couple drinks, this is the place. The balcony has awesome views and its in the heart of old town. Its a must try at least once or twice. The menus are electronic! Innovative, I must say :)
The location is not fancy at all... but this is top-notch thai food!  And the owner is a bit of a comedian.  Good dining experience!
I loved my stay! Awesome suite, full kitchen and super friendly staff. Hotels are just a hit or miss for me, and I'm so happy that this was a hit. The tub in the bathroom is amazing. If I ever come back to Vegas, heaven forbid, I would stay here again.
I over heard a couple employees talking about a fellow employee who has \"brought bed bugs into the store \" and apparently has passed them on to multiple employees thru ought the store. That is disgusting and I will not return!
I had my wedding dress altered here. I bought a size 10 dress on a sample sale and Valentina had no problem getting it down to a size 2 to fit me. Fit like a glove and looked great! The price was outstanding! Much less than those overpriced bridal boutiques charge.
Had the steak burrito. Opted to add guacamole and sour cream. It was huge and only took half of one to fill me up and I'm a 230lb guy!
My usual spot in vegas, they know how to treat there guest plus the location is right in the middle of the strip ****BONUS**** lolz I never have a problem checking in plus i think there spa for men is one of the best
The food was ok, we've had better. The kitchen was extremely slow...one-hour wait for salads, which were just ok, was way too long!!
Great Thai food! I had the spicy fried rice with chicken and let me tell you when they say spicy, they mean spicy. The flavors were so good and the spice was perfect. \n\nI would definitely recommend Thai Rama for some great Thai food. Will eat here again.
Not a bad spot.  Very cozy and the coffee is good and the desserts are better.  I noticed every time I go there is only one worker so service gets to be a bit slooooow.  I would recommend this spot but with just a little bit better customer service this place could be five stars.
Great food, great service. We went here last night and had a great dinner for a great price. Includes appetizer, entree, dessert and coffee or tea. We also had a great bottle of red wine. For two people it only cost $100!
no menu...  Bland interior...  The veggies aren't labeled. took forever to get  a soda. The lamb was good.. All the sauces were bland. much better off going to somewhere like Gengis Grill
Just got my hair cut by Traci today. She was very nice and attentive, and really listened to what I wanted. She did a very good job for a very reasonable price.
Service is mediocre. Food is pretty good!!! Stick with the seafood!! Got the cevichi tostada, it was yummy!!!
last time i was there, they hooked me up with the knowledge to house train my gf's dog. still a work in progress but its coming along.
Stayed here last year and was not very impressed. The rooms were very nice, but the location is terrible. You are deceivingly farther off the strip than you think. The pool closes very early and was nothing to brag about compared to its competition.
I was not very impressed with this place.  Walked in and immediately felt like I was working in a waste water treatment plant.  I cannot believe the employees can take the smell.  Had to go outside after getting a beer to make it work.  If they clean this place up, it would be pretty cool.  Good luck!
We have been here 3 times now and love coming back. The appetizers and desserts are great, as well as the servers. I recommend doing the wine flight to try out a little of everything!
This is now my favorite restaurant and wine bar . Casual dress recommended. Classic hang out . Very nice and clean .\nUser friendly, no pressure, very nice and clean . \nI go there all the time .
Soggy Texas Toast.  Tough ribs.  Poured on BBQ sauce.  WAY overpriced.  I would pay these prices at Lucilles, but definitely not here.  Will not return.
Nothing off the charts but not bad for a simple lunch or dinner or to meet up with some friends.
The service was great but food was not that good as I expected. I was so disappointed with the selection of food they had.. kind of wasted my money and time..
Eh. Nice employees but the sandwich was nothing special. Had the cole turkey. Wish it would have been sliced deli turkey instead of chunks of turkey. I had a little trouble finding the place because the sign is very small. Can't say that I'll be back since there are so many other options for subs.
- misleading prices displayed outside\n- snooty waiter.\n- slow service.\n- below average food.
Terrible. Was treated by a salesman who obvioisly had no taste. Sirloin was tenderized to oblivion and absolutely drowned with sauce making it so salty. i should've sent it back, but hey I wasn't paying. Also atmosphere was so dark, couldn't really see that well.
waited 45 minutes for nachos we never got. asked to close out and the manager informed us someone else probably ate them. he offered to get us something else but my time is more valuable. sucks because their food is actually pretty good but the complete lack of any experience and common sense is evident in the staff.
Sammy's is well-known for it's corned beef sandwiches!  They are actually very tasty, and the beef is fresh and tender.
DO NOT GO HERE. The employees here are disgusting and know nothing from how to make the menu items to customer service and even hygiene! Apparently there's never a manager or person in charge available either.
I love tao! they have awesome service...the girls are gorgeous AND know what theyre doing. and if youre with all girls its easy to get a comped bottle
My favorite restaurant.   Great food and great service.
The remodel is disappointing, still smelled like smoke.  Workout room still seems the same, 8 cardio machines, weights up to 50 pound dumbells, a leg machines, a lat pulldown machine, a chest press machine, a dry sauna and a pool.
Bland, poorly prepared food and terrible service. But the atmosphere is pretty sweet and the High Roller microbrew was worth drinking. This place would be out if business anywhere but a Freemont St hotel... Definitely will not be back.
Just like all the other ones.  Fast service, good food and no complaints.  Very clean.
The energy and camaraderie make this studio the best place to kick your own butt and enjoy doing it. This is better than PT at rehabbing my shoulder and back after surgery. I am getting stronger and feel younger everyday. I love Gabby's energy and encouragement.  Just do it!!!
The food was excellent.  Everyone in our group raved about the flavor and quality.  However the service was simply awful.  The waitress clearly didn't care to be there, and we didn't get a single drink refill the entire time.  Not one.  Not even water.
Food was great. Service was awesome.  Even the desserts were delicious.
New place but experienced owner. Amazing blue cheese burger with a side of wing hot sauce. Also have tried all the specialty drinks and you can't go wrong with any of them!
This is a great place for pizza and beers.  The owners and staff welcome you as you enter and make you feel right at home.  Good food from Pizza's to salads.  Some cool art work on the walls too by local artists.
Good food, sometimes the service lack.  Great atmosphere,  Would recommend this place based on that.  Otherwise pretty typical prime steak joint.
Great food, great atmosphere! It's a party on the beach all day, everyday! :)
Just had fathers day lunch and everything was great. Kids meals came quick to keep them occupied and the server gave my husband a BJs pint glass as a fathers day gift. Great food and a nice family atmosphere.
Rude! F u mean filipino lady behind the counter talking behind my back in tagalog.  I'm Filipino, duh. WORST service. Mediocre food. Halo halo sucks.
What kind of store sells ties, but no tie clip? Can someone please tell me? Nice ties though.  Also I think it would be nice if a store that sold ties would offer to tie them for you.  Just sayin.
I love this place the food is made fresh and its soo good.   It's a small place, but very clean.  And i love 2 cuz they send coupons in the mail.
Food is decent. Nothing special, but certainly edible. We liked the cheese curds. Service was good. Server was definitely friendly even though they were busy. Be prepared, though.....it's loud!
Funny they didn't complete my order in the order tracker so I couldn't fill out satisfaction survey. Instead of trying to outsmart your customers train for better customer service.
Yummy but costly...
Great tea but you'll pay for what you get.
Great Doctors I have to say! They actually take the time to listen. I will say their staff\nVery unprofessional and very rude . ( because of staff MINUS 1 star )
I've been going to Julienne for over 20years for hair.  I was so excited when she opened this full service salon. I live out of state and still come here to get my hair done.  I've had every color and style done and each time Julienne has done an excellent job. I highly recommend Julienne's!
This is the second time we came to this location and they ran out of chicken! It's a 20 min wait for a chicken breast. Don't waste your time at this location. Does Pizza Hut run out of pizza?
I have to give it one star, because Yelp will not let me give it no stars.\n\nThis was worse than chef boyardee.\n\nThey burnt Veal Parm., badly, and still served it to my aunt.
Delicious. Worth the wait. Great place for breakfast or brunch with friends or family. Fun environment. I had the Nutella and banana pancakes bacon, eggs, and hash browns. Friendly staff. Very clean and great seating areas.
Took the family and had their lean brisket and their turkey for lunch today. I really liked both, but the turkey was really great!
Pizza,cheesy garlic knots, and wings are amazing. We are staying in a hotel for 2 months and we have ordered from here like\n6 times. Definitely try it when you are here.
Great place to hang out on a weekend morning.  Many great choices.\n\nGood muffins to go if you are in a hurry.
Just when I think I will give them another try,  they make the same mistake again. \nI order pasta always with extra sauce. And every time,  they forget the sauce altogether. \nThey ask me if I want a credit, but why would I want a credit when I'm hungry now ?
I use Super Shuttle in Phoenix whenever I can. They are friendly & helpful. The cost is very reasonable.
Um.. not sure if it was worth the rush over to the Rio for this show... compared to all the other free casino shows on the strip, this one is definitely outdated..
I got food poisoning from a chicken burrito from this Qdoba two nights ago. I have never been so sick or in so much pain in my life. Only after a trip to urgent care, anti-nausea and pain medicine, two bags of IV fluid, and nearly 24 hours straight of sleep am I starting to feel better.
Great meat! These guys donate large amounts of meat for a big bbq and community at a nearby park. I saw Rocky mountain oysters in there! I liked their Buffalo or elk that I bought. We need to support these little butcher stores. Its all they do!!!
The closing time is posted as 2 am on yelp, however we were forced out of the bar at 1 am. Me and my friend were treated so disrespectfully, and we were not allowed to finish our martini that we paid for.
Fun place, good desserts.  Been to the one in NYC Liked it better.  Seemed they made better desserts.  Nevertheless I ordered the monster banana split and it was huge.  Enough to feed at least 6 people.  \n\nLots of fun great atmosphere for small and large groups.
Best margarita I have ever had. Happy hour is great. Price is unbelievable
The screens at this location are almost always filthy and take away from the experience in my opinion, but not as alarming as the bed bugs I know this location has had in the past. Of all the Harkins I've been to, this one certainly feels oldest and by far the dirtiest. Not to mention bed bugs!
This is a great place for a large group of people with different tastes since  their menu has a good selection of pastas, steaks, seafood and salads.  I thought the prices were fair based on the portion size however, the overall taste was average.
Very nice place.  They know their drinks, they make them well and they treat the customer very, very well.  It's just a notch below the Downtown Cocktail Lounge--each has its merits and each is a completely different vibe.
Awesome burgers!! Delicious and made to order. Drinks are on point. Cute bar ambiance with friendly customer service and managers greeted me with a smile. For a bar, it will exceed expectations and the beer and burgers won't disappoint you.
Wide variety of Asian styles.  Service experience at this location varies widely during lunch.  Food is consistent.  Patio great during day, impossible at dusk.
Dined outside on 10/13. We had a great meal!! The burnt tips app and fried green tomatoes were perfect starters. I had the blackened chicken sandwich and it was everything I had hoped for and more! So glad we stopped in and will make it a point to return very soon!
It's a long ways out if you're coming from the north or west side but it is beautiful and a great place for an outdoor concert with lush grass to dance dance dance. A little warning.... they don't really like you to be swimming in your underwear.... ;-)
Horrible hookah burned out so fast never going back. Music was horrible just bad service over all.
Not a fan...boring food and their service stinks!\nThey wouldn't serve our party water (on the patio-mid summer) until the whole party arrived! LAME
Awesome unique food creations. Italian inspired smaller plates. Polenta, short ribs, mushrooms etc. Good wine program. Friendly owners and staff. Nice location off the street. Worth finding. Comfortable open dining room and alcoves.
They get one star for cleanliness and decor. Aside from that, the service was horrible and they were out of half of the items on the menu.
A very expensive PF Changs. The food isn't bad. I love PF Changs, but for this amount of money, it's better spent on one of the many unique restaurants in Vegas
The restaurant is beautiful it is decorated from floor to ceiling with beautiful Mexican art. The customer service is very good and the food was good.
Breakfast was pretty yummy and as I was walking out I noticed they have mimosas will def go back!!!!
Blonde day dreamed as I placed order. I said excuse me did I loose you? She giggled????!! Ordered a #3 more onions than tuna. Deer valley location better!!
The pizza was pretty good. I suggest getting it to go or room service. We decided to eat there and it was sooooo slow! Other people were getting there food before we got ours! We had to ask the waitress (once she gave us attention) twice to check on our order!  Next time it will be to go.
Where else can you catch a sporting event or concert for less than $20?  With lots of parking and reasonably priced food and drinks, this is the place to be to watch all your favorite artists that are not headliners on the strip.  I just recently watched the SWV and Joe concert... it was well worth it.
This is really cool. It's a nice lil' hike and adventure to take when visiting the viewpoints and natural history of the Phoenix area. \n\nBest to visit at sunset!
I loved all the furniture here.  \n\nI didn't feel pressured at any point and everyone was very polite.  While I didn't buy anything today there is a strong chance I'll be going back here often in the future.
Nice movie theater  very comfortable  and not extremely  packed like harkins employees  are tremendously  nice and provide great customer  service  i would definitely  recommend this location they don't  do student discounts  but its still worth it
Over Rated FOOD!!! This place needs a good chef.. I don't plan on dining here again.  Pasta is so cheap but why charge ridiculous amount of money?
Best brunch in Madison and spectacular Bloody Marys. Lunch and dinner fare is tasty. Love the atmosphere, large number of big screens, and big beer selection.
I'm never staying here again! Horrible! Rooms smell, not enough elevators for the amount of people staying here.\n\nOld, dirty, just not the type of Vegas I'm used to! Some times saving money isn't worth it!
This place is amazing!! Chicken pad see ew! Shrimp fried rice ! Yummmmm I ate to fast before I got to take a picture lol
We walked in for happy hour... took a look around... smelled like a funeral home...\n\nWalked out....\n\nMaybe this place is good if you are retired....
Worst Service Ever! The bathrooms weren't clean AND there was trash under the tables! They were slow to bring out the food and didn't give us water or napkins! Worst customer service I have ever experienced!
the food is not too great \nstaff -poor service \nnothing beats the Baccanal buffet at Caesar's Palace
Take note of the string of bad reviews recently posted...and respond accordingly by not patronizing this horrible establishment. Bad service and worse food. Everything is way over priced and disgusting. On a bright note, my server cared about her appearance as she spent the entire time at our table staring into the mirror on the wall behind us...
Pretty pricey but well worth it. My husband and I decided we wanted to get away for a night and we chose The Renaissance because of the location and the pictures we saw online. We were not dissapointed! The room was spacious and very clean, would definitely use again!
my wife and i went there last week. it was good. great  chicago decor. pizza was good. we just happen to go there when there was birthday party for a kid. a lot of kids running around.
The tacos were cold and the dude was sketchy.  I probably could have told this just by looking but I had gotten lost on my way to ginger's and was hungry.\n\nAt least it was cheap.
Worst night at a restaurant ever.  Waited an hour for a table then an hour after that for food.  I'm normally very patient and have eaten here before. Never had as bad experience as tonight.  They comp'd the meal but since this is my first Yelp post ...that tells you how bad this experience was tonight.
Great Sushi, Great atmosphere.  I love to take out of town friends to this place for some top notch Vegas sushi.
Great selection on tanning beds. The way they have their packages set up makes everything complicated.
I went with my group of girlfriends and we didn't like the music that much. However, it looked like a lot of people had a great time...but it was just not for us...
Cute little cafe across the street for the AZ Natural History Museum.  Love the throwback decor, games, & split cafe in between the alley-way.  \n\nFruit & honey scones were yummy!  Def less pricey & more inviting than Starbucks.
I lived nearby for 4 years, and was on a first name basis with the cashiers. Never once, ever, did I have anything short of an awesome experience there. I love you guys!
Really nice hotel with a breakfast bar similar to a Hilton hotel.
Been going here for 4 years but thinking of switching. LONG WAIT TIMES. I've made afternoon, morning, Monday, Wednesday appointments and I ALWAYS wait an hour or more. Really bothersome.
We spent NYE here in 2006-ish. The drinks were really bad. Service was fine, but everything else sucked. Never again.
Annoying music, groping hands galore, and a smelly smoke filled outdoor balcony spells trouble for me. \n\nThis place is not my cup of tea. \n\nThat being said I cannot attest to the drink qualities, prices, or specials..I wouldn't come back on my own.
SCORE!!!  A confident FLATTOP from Barb!  Thank You Yelp!!!!
It is what it is.  It's that sign with a long line of people waiting to take a pic with it.
Friendly people, but man, food is marginal at best and seating is not comfortable.  It's like they spent $500 buying furniture for the place.  Don't take your best guests here.  Not hitting the mark for me.  This was my second try, and that will be the last.
Carolinas is the pinnacle of Mexican in my view. My wife catered a birthday of mine from here.  The burritos and tacos are killer.
The facilities at WestWorld are nice, but the parking lot attendants/security guys were complete ***holes during the Barrett Jackson.
Best sandwich in town...New Jersey all the way
Got food poisoning last wednesday from the red curry beef, sick for 36 hours.
I think there pizza's are delicious.  We have ordered a couple and have always picked up for home.   They are big, filling, and delicious.  Ordered the double crust pizzas and they were great
This place is amazing. One of the best place to eat sushi in Vegas. The buffet price is not bad. One of my favorite roll is the Rainbow row also the daisy. I would highly recommend you this place.
I didn't stay here so I can't comment on the accommodations but the casino is horrible.  Too.  F*cking.  Loud.  Hot, noisy, irritating.  They are trying WAY too hard and the result is no rock 'n' roll fun.
the only reason we even go there is that it's close. food court cuisine, but fair prices and good service. It's okay if you're just craving chinese, just don't expect to be blown away.
Food is okay but, good luck getting service!
These guys fixed an electrical issue that audio express caused.  Thanks guys!
Good course.  I would guess your satisfaction will be tied to the price you pay.  It's a little nicer than Angel Park but it's greens could be in better condition.
Im was born and raised in sicily. i was aroung legit italian chefs back in my day. overall this pizza tasted just like my dads pizza in italy, pure italian pizza. the taste was awesome. TIP- order the pizza well done it tastes much better. overall A+
Service was terrible, took forever for the server to take are order.   Then when he did  it took him 15 minutes o bring are drinks.  Just terrible.
How do you mess up a breakfast quesadilla? Cheese, scrambled eggs, and sausage in a tortilla... Sounds easy enough but somehow it tasted soooooo disgusting. Totally not worth the $7.
Stoners know how to eat! Best sandwich in the valley by far. I've yet to have a bad meal or bad service at this joint . I have had most of the menu selections and they are all great. My personal favorite is the white widow (chicken, bacon, ranch)
What happened, conditions have been getting worse here.  One of my favorite courses as you can walk and price is right but it is becoming unplayable.  Greens are full of problem areas and fairways have rows like they were planting corn.  Good for practice at best.  I hope they can recover the previous better condition.
Worse frozen yogurt!  They have a decent selection of flavors but none of them tasted good.  The texture was grainy and extremely sweet.  Toppings were being refilled with packaged candy and the fruits were not fresh.  I wouldn't waste my calories at this place.
First time going with friends. We went around the time they opened. Really enjoyed the food and the staff was nice. The only thing was there was no rice when we arrived and had to wait a bit for rice. Other than that,flawless and will definitely return.
I went here with a friend. We sat down. And the waitress didn't even acknowledge us. We had to get up and walk over to the bar. Plus we had to wait like 20 minutes for our chips and salsa. These girls need to step it up for a fast paced Las Vegas.
Terrible service. Just stood at the bar for 10 mins, 2-3 servers and baristas standing right there, and weren't greeted or asked if we wanted to place and order. Wake up.
Enjoyed their autumn roll with ginger sauce and tasted my friend's dish with tamarind sauce.  Both tasty, healthy, light lunch fare.
I was soooo hoping for better, being from the Bay Area in California..  But it was just \"alright\"..  I'm a huge fan of tomato bisque soup, and it was just so-so..  So was my turkey pesto sandwich..
In love with the Chai currently...hot, iced, whatever, just give me a Hava Java Chai!!!! Speed of service is great. Baristas are friendly and easy going.
It was ok.
Friendly staff, hot food, clean!  This place is always busy and a great bargain, especially during baseball season, when the Dbacks make 6 runs one more!
If you are an asshole eat at Bragg's. It will make you a better person.
Frank's gets 5 stars, GREAT sandwiches, friendly service and great prices. This place is definitely no frills but that's not what I want in a sub. I would give it 6 stars if they let me.
Ordered the 'as pictured' flowers for an anniversary but got the value version I think. There are several fewer flowers than pictured. It's disappointing. Emailed them twice - no response. Not impressed with companies who think because you're far away (in Australia) that you won't find out.
Quaint ambience with old houses turned into a haven of beer and British pasties. Great patio and zero TV's which means people actually talk to each other.
Breakfasts are good. Service is attentive. Waking for them to reopen. Hope that they change the coffee vendor. With all of the great coffee roasters in town, they shouldn't have lackluster coffee. Rated as 3 due to the coffee.
WAY overpriced for food that is mediocre. Crappy service when I went, all the waiters were just chatting with each other the entire time. Bleh.
Slow service, very small pour for overpriced wine.love the rustica pizza. i like to carry out garlic knots and a rustica from their tatum location. for some reason no garlic knots at the location on indian bend.
Pretty boring and not very entertaining - 15 mins for the whole thing. Don't waste the money
Amazing sandwhich joint. A must go place to eat!
Clean and convenient.  I also appreciate the clientele on my side of town as well, it always makes a difference on the experience.\n\nPrices seem to keep getting higher and higher which will ultimately be movie theater's downfall.
The food isn't the best, but it is good and inexpensive, and there's a decent variety in selection, from stir fry, pizza, soups, salads, and wraps. Basically, it's a memorable part of the UW Union.
Poor service and was not impressed by the food. Wait staff didn't seem interested when taking our order. I had breakfast, the eggs were burnt and rubbery and the pancakes has sat under the warmer too long and did not taste fresh. Definitely won't be back here
Good food. Reasonable pricing. Wings and rings were my fair my most recent stop here\nMy friend had a steak which looked and smelled delicious. She confirmed that it was.
This place is absolutely horrible.  Worst service ever.  What's worse is the manager didn't even care when we brought it up.  Also, food sucked.  I saw someone reviewed it as El Suckalo- I agree.
Their phone number is disconnected and their last and only 3 reviews  were in 2010
I recommend this of restaurants to everyone, they make the food fresh for you. I love their sweet-and-sour pork and their fried rice. :)
Bad experience.. Demanded tip for bad service. Bad behavior. Veg food tastes non veg..
If you want to miss your flight take Executive Las Vegas. To our Resort it took 35min for them to come and they completely missed picking us up to the airport. Horrible. Absolutely Horrible.
Hehehe, Gas Station... Its the same as the rest of them,
I really loved their bean and cheese burrito. Yum!
I was checking out of this store and a cashier was eating fried chicken while handling my items. Gross!
bring back the taco flatbread thingie!!
Starch Paradise
The bar was spinning, but no one was home to serve me a drink. I was so broken-hearted!! \n\nThis tiny little bar tucked inside of the Midway was to be the feather in the cap of my Fear & Loathing weekend. But alas, no love for me.
Food. Is. Bomb!  Must have! Pix added
LGO used to be our go-to spot on weekends for coffee and a light breakfast.  Over the last year or so the place has changed.  They no longer carry the good pastries (Tammie Coe) and the portions are smaller and not that great.  The prices however are still way high.
Great little breakfast/brunch/lunch place.  Yummy Breakfast Sandwich using a Belgium Waffle s the bread, and great service - from the cashier to the owners son. Can't wait to try their Hawaiian Pizza Waffles. We will be back often.
Overall pleased with the experience.  Customer service not great but the employees were not rude. Chocolate ice cream tasted a little funky tonight. Can't place it, but seemed almost tangy. Hope it was a fluke. Been there several times before and it was tasty.
Never again! Forgot half the appetizer,  peppered beef all veggies mainly, kung Pow way to hot to even eat, only thing hot was the soup and won tons were mushy. Use to be good now I remember why its been awhile since we ordered from here.
This place has closed and Maria's Caf\u00e9 is now in the space.  The owners decided to do catering exclusively and closed the restaurant portion of the business about 18 months ago.
can we get some gravy with those grits? they are cryin for some!!! u guys rock.
They don't need another person telling them the pasta is WONDERFUL...but I agree with other reviewers....the salad needs a hint of anchovie...it is very bland.  Their parmesan in very good.  They are open on Sundays...another plus
Ok we are returning here slowly each time. We stopped coming here for awhile because the food was not up to par. I can say that this has changed! YES! I don't know if they have a new cook or management has stepped up but the food has never been better. Welcome back neighbor!
Best bbq I've ever been too. Do yourself, and your mouth, a favor and go. Best brisket I've ever had.
Great food, so-so service, cool environment.\n\nThe portions are not large so be prepared... order a ton of the bread & dip.\n\nPretty good Sangria.\n\nExpensive and small portions but delicious.
We paid $17 for a single cheeseburger and a double cheeseburger with any toppings of our choice plus two drinks. We shared a regular fry. The burger was good and the people were nice.
Highlight of a Friday night at Marquee - scarfing down delicious thin crust pizza with my girls! SO GOOD.
Very good cheesecake. Everything else is horrible...from the wait to the price to the decor. Pass
I had a pretty simple order of 1 8' table and 20 chairs, but my experience was very good.  Pick up and drop off couldn't have been easier and all staff was very friendly.  The whole experience felt like doing business with a friend.  I will definitely use them again.
Awesome Carne Asada Burrito for under $5! They are killing it here with a line out the door for lunch most days. This is the best bargain in downtown Tempe. They have a well stocked tequila bar too - which looks like it sees regular use at night.
Went here a few years back and the food was great. I had the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. Good stuff! Prices are high but you get what you pay for. I plan on going back this June and trying something different. Enjoy!
My experience at Intimacy Boutique Scottsdale was a nightmare.  They do not know how to fit bras and do not listen to the customer.  Stay away from this store.
Perfect haircuts every time. Seriously, I've never had a bad experience with them.
This place deserves a solid 3 stars. I have been here many times and tried a variety of things. Everything I have tried here is just subpar and a poor excuse for korean food.  But it might just be my spoiled taste buds from living in cali.
Went to desert wireless today. They repaired my cracked I phone in about 20 minutes. Great service. The employees are friendly and nice. (Mat)
Bought a can of their coconut water.  Got deathly sick after drinking it.  Contacted Sprouts through their website just to tell them what happened.  No response.  I guess  customers getting sick on their products just doesn't matter.
Great food for dinner. Did not like breakfast because i was too full but maybe it depends on what you choose on the menu. Friendly staff, Interesting decoration.
Another great dive casino off the strip, full of locals, with great food specials.
Just don't understand the rave reviews??? The saying \"if you can't say something nice don't say anything at all\" comes to mind but  - I really don't get it.
Delmonico is\nEmeril's Vegas steakhouse\nSuch yummy goodness
Fix is by far one of my top restaurants in Las Vegas. Great fun ambiance I'm the center of Bellagio paired with an ever changing menu of American favorites. The chicken here is a must order with one of their hand crafted cocktails.
Weak .
\"Cheap, pretty good tex mex food. Spicy Salsa and great free appetizer to start off the meal.\"
Got my hair done by Chrystal H and she is great! Best choice I made to go to her. And she is super nice, too!
Just like mamma makes! Thank you, Omar! We loved the food and the amazing service! \nWe'll be back!!! \nThe Lomo Saltado was just like home!
This place is so wonderful I could cry. I have not found a great place for Thai on the west side that's close to home and this place is fantastic! Tell your friends and your family because this place is a gem!
One of my absolute favorite places in Vegas! Such a great piano bar and so completely underrated. The bartenders have some of the best voices I've ever heard (Specifically Dre- Amazing voice!!!) great entertainment and a must visit if you are in Fremont St
Delicious omelettes and sandwiches. Croissants were excellent.  My daughter has celiac.  The staff was very accomodating. They had delicious brazilian cake that was gluten free.  They also had GF bread. Will definitely visit again.
It's a good thing that this place is not closer to where I live or I would weigh 400 pounds.
Hands down, the best Indian food in Las Vegas.  The buffet is incredible and economical.  Plus a free drink when you check in on Yelp!
Valet lost my car keys and have been incredibly unprofessional! Completely unacceptable and I would warn everyone about using valet services here. Disgusted.
Great atmosphere menu and service !! Ohso stands for outrageous home brew social outpost ! Ya perfecto !
This place is perfect and has nice prices for what your get. \n\nI got the tempura and it was perfectly cooked and had a nice doughy texture. \n\nI also tryed the grilled chicken salad ( under the helthier options menu) it was perfect and has nice dressing.
Very good service and quality of work.
Venezuelan food is pretty foreign to me. My first time eating here. The place is very clean, the staff is super friendly and the food tastes really good. \nI save my five star ratings to the mind blowing experiences thus the four stars. I'll be back.
The friendly baristas keep their cool even when the line is out the door, which it frequently is! Lots of regulars and their dogs hanging outside on the weekends when the weather is nice!
Loved this place until they hired this new lady. No  personality and quite rude.   I've been going there forever and drive 20 min to use what was great service. Time to find a new cleaner.
After reading such great reviews me and my boyfriend decided to try. Great food and a wonderful price. Thai tea was sooo good as well a the green curry with pork. Wonderful spring rolls and great service. The place was packed at lunch time and I would definitely go again. Awesome and highly recommended!
Only go here for shows upstairs, but love it as a venue. Sound is a lot better than most venues of similar size. Only thing that sucks is trying to find parking.
Awesome ambiance throughout!  Love the bar area and the pool.  Great sushi place there.  Great location!  One of the coolest W hotels in US.
as a las vegas local, this is a must go to place when I have visitors in town.  pork belly steamed buns are soooo delicious!
4 stars for the ambiance, bathrooms and style of the decor.\nThe room service was timely yet pricey\nThe workout facilities were very good\nBusiness Center was available to print out boarding passes, complimentary\nIf your a shopper, it is a great location!
20 McNuggets for under $5. When I crave a McDonald's cheeseburger, only a McDonald's cheeseburger will do. A life long staple.
It's a lot of good things to say, this place it has everything you need, the child care area is very nice and clean. (my kids love this place) and so do I :) it has a lot of classes to go a lot of cardio equipment!! Staff is very friendly. This is the place for you.
I'm hoping this place is better on the weekends than when we visited on a Monday night. The server started by telling us all the things they were out of :( I'd been lured by the promise of charbroiled oysters, which were a complete disappointment. The gumbo and spinach salad were delicious.
This is a smaller buffet setting. Sometimes they have local $6.99 specials which maybe worth the wait in a long @$$ line. Everyone and their baby daddy's cousin is in line.\n\nThe taste and quality of the food is a bit disappointing. Definately not worth paying regular price. Go elsewhere.
Hooters is losing its \"trendiness\" for sure. Nice place overall and the staff seems very nice, they just seem as though they are faking it sometimes in a way. Beer selections are average and good is just typical bar food.
Mediocre fish. Super small portions.  Bland.  No atmosphere.  Good service though.
Burgers are good and was pleased to order medium rare. Salad was good too. Dont love the fries. Employees are kind of dim-bulbs- high school kids more invested in talking to their friends. \n\nSo so place
This is my favorite place in North Las Vegas to get takeout Chinese! Their sesame chicken is really great, and they serve a large portion. My experience with their delivery drivers are that they're super polite and on time. I would definitely recommend Tasty China for both takeout and delivery!
I've been here several times and I would not recommend it.  The quality of food is sub par and I find the service to be unfriendly and a little arrogant.  I've given it atleast 5 chances which I think is fair.
Best place to shop in Laval, lots of boutiques. Love their new section, however on the weekend & holidays parking is a big problem!  Their Christmas decorations during the holidays are amazing!
Server very disconnected from doing his job, serving! I ordered the Seafood mixed grill... Great flavor, yet tiny portion for $30! All other Flavors rocked...
I Hate Ikea!\nThey always have great gadgets & designs that I'm compelled to buy!\nDam you Ikea! (5 Stars)
The Artisan Burger with jalape\u00f1o bacon is the bomb.  Bartenders are fast and friendly
We brought our one year old, sat outside, and received amazing food and great service--really like this place!
Well if there was zero I would give that as my rating. Just had an 8:30 reservation and showed up and they told us it would be a 20 minute wait. What is the point of a reservation?
Honestly, why is this place a big deal at all?  Just an average bagel.
Nice location with tough parking and a great patio. Staff is friendly but this location is pretty packed.
Taco's! I mean really it is a Taco Bell. Apparently they got an \"A\" from the health department on 6/27/2013....
Under new ownership ... The already awesome gyros taste better than ever and so does the baklava! One of my favorite restaurants and I can walk to it!
disappointing. As a subsidiary of the Europea I would have expected better. Food was not tasteful to say the least. The salad is actually over date. The ambiance also outdated
Not all the electrical outlets at the Recharge Zone work (located in between gates C7 and C14).
Awesome BBQ ribs with amazingly hot hot sauce!  You can share the largest size and on Tuesday night they are $5 of for $17.99.  The beans, slaw, corn and cornbread are great also!  Service has also been awesome two times now.\nWayne Gorsek
How about changing the website so you can read the menu. What's the deal with the scrolling pages? You don't have time to read. It's like trying to hit a constantly moving target
Fun little place but a bit slow sometimes.  With only one person taking orders it can be frustrating to hear them go through the options over and over, and I mean over and over, and yet I just want a damn cup of drip coffee.  Parking not bad.  Prices alright.  I'll be back.
It was a good restaurant for lunch, but I don't think the restaurant is french cuisine in my opinion. It was not a five star service though. I would recommend for lunch but not for dinner. My girl and I enjoyed the food.
I come here often. Food is good and portions are plenty. Staff is friendly and their Thai Tea w/ boba is yummie!
The service at Mr. Roberts is okay, but the free live music is what pulls me in! Drinks are reasonably priced too.
This location is great. Always stop in when I'm in town. Huge selection and great customer service....music isn't that bad either
We took our car here because of the other reviews about how friendly these people were. They couldn't have cared much less about our business by the way they treated us. \nPrice was ok. Military discount is only for major repairs.
I hate this place. Terrible service and dining experience. Hostess that doesn't really want to be there. Waitresses overburdened with vast real estate. Managers not paying attention and the food was subpar. Chicken pot pie was tiny and way undercooked.
Spoke to owner and they are not open to the public anymore. Info on website and Yelp, etc. not up to date. Not sure why they have a storefront that says they are open 11-6.
Real good service and great food. My pasta tasted different then the others I was with but everything else was good.
A really nice restaurant on the Strip.  We had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains at night from the patio.  The service was great, but the food could have been better. The best was Escargot, but the rest Chicken Pallard & steak were just OK.  Come for the lovely atmosphere....
Nothing special at this Niketown. It could be the smallest Niketown in the world. IMO, the selection is quite small compare to Chicago's Niketown. I rather go to the outlets in Vegas and find cheaper items.
The best calamari I have ever tasted in my life. The sangria is also amazing. It is a very nice environment but if you don't get there early then be prepared to wait up to an hour and a half for a seat.
I really liked this place! Service and food were both really good! The drunken noodles were pretty amazing!!!
Since I don't have a landline anymore I come to this location whenever I need to fax anything. Store is clean and the two ladies that work there are always helpful & friendly.
Looks like Marie Calendars again... so glad!  missed the pies
the rooms are a bit dated and could use a refresh. The grounds are beautiful, the food very nice. This is a great place for a business conference, but I would find a resort closer to the action if I were on vacation.
Fry's is the best ever.  I love the people who work there; so friendly!  The selection is great! The flowers are inexpensive, the organic section is large, and the presentation itself is good!  Love that it now has a gas station....you can earn points and get a lot off of your gas price!  Highly recommend!
Thanks AL :) Friendly service:)
The lunch buffet was excellent with more choices than we had seen on other buffets. Both soups were delicious and there were several fish options. The owner was very friendly and helpful with our questions about the food.
Pho here was pretty good. Although, prices were a little higher than most Vietnamese restaurants ($7.75 for the Pho Dac Biet).
I ate there when it first opened. Had a bowl of that pho crap. no one including the manager could translate the menu for us. Terrible.
Such a bad experience.  Waited 35 minutes to get a deli sandwich! !! Seriously? !? My lunch break was ruined
You know how Tiny Fey is a super model when she goes to Cleveland? Well places like this make me RICH when I'm hanging in Pittsburgh.\n\nGot a round of Jameson shots, paid with a $20 and got change. Yes, please.
the worst hair salon.
For the most part the experience was OK.   I would not run over here,  but it's good food if you end up here.   The wait was kind of long.    \n\nI ordered the wings that are pretty small,  but really good.  Our drinks were not refilled until I completed my meal 45 minutes later.
Ditto !
A fake plant in the corner was so thick with dust it made me question the cleanliness of the kitchen. Every door was dirty even the entrance doors which were glass and easy to clean. Food was not awesome.
Great hidden gem hiking trails. It has to be on of my favorite trails in town. No traffic or people and lots of options on paths. We only passed one biker. Gorgeous views that make you feel your in N. AZ.
Great gyros! Quick and inexpensive for their combs. Generous portions and very friendly staff.
place rules. guys inside are the best.
Did they let Chef Boy R Dee run the kitchen here? Save your money. Even the McDonalds of pasta, Olive Garden, has this place beat out. And the Host at the door might think her rude attitude is somehow cute and \"French\" but it isn't.
Yo prob\u00e9 su intento de \"ropa vieja\", pero no me gusto mucho...carece de sabor. Por otro lado, el agua fresca esta buen\u00edsima.
Stayed here for work and for EDC (back to back! Imagine that) and both times I enjoyed my stay. Rooms are nice suites. Parking was easy to use valet. I would recommend this place. 15 minute walk from tower 3 to MGM and all the food gambling and fun you could want!
The first time I went to the Liberty, I had the fish and chips, which were very good. Then they revamped the menu... On another trip my beer was served with a broken burger stake in it which caused shards of wood to become stuck in my throat. Really ruined my experience. Don't plan to return.
It's fast Japanese food and it's done pretty average.  We only went there because it was close and supposedly cheap.  But after we added everything up, the lunch tab was pretty hefty.
Everything was mediocre tasting but they do have a big selection of food. The only plus is the all you can drink wine and beer!
Great stadium to watch a ball game. The overall feel is small so there is not a bad seat in the house. \nLots of things to do around the stadium and there seems to always be a good crowd in attendance. \nTickets are reasonable so make sure you stop by.
This place is great.  Simple menu and the food is excellent if you're looking for a good burger and fry.
Awesome show, laughed the whole time, great audience participation and wasn't as raunchy as some might fear. Would go again, good for a date night if a sense of humor is present.
No customer service. No sense of urgency.  Was told by the manager of this place I was going to get a phone call back in 10 mins, that was a failure.  The longest 10mins of my life. Am yet to get a call back.
They're always so nice here and they do a very good job. It's great to be able to relax without paying a very high price.
The angry mushrooms were awesome, crab cakes were some of the best I've had in a while.  I didn't have any problems with the waitress, but the ladies in my party were not happy with the service.  Good food, good music...I'd go back for sure.
This place is awesome! Food and drinks are A+
Gets very busy at lunch. Not bad food and price but definitely not Korean, except for Bulgolgi bowl. Get take out, you can eat if you have a seat and dine in is mainly served in take out containers without lids anyway.
This place does not turn on there ac...  Leaves the door wide open so a bunch of flies come in...  On a side note mothers bring there kids in so if you are looking for a nice relaxing experience I would go else where.
Great time
I needed a skeleton key for an old desk, and they made me a custom one on the spot when their large collection of skeleton keys didn't fit. Amazing customer service!
Fast food what a joke, friendly service NOT !!!!!! I will never go back to this one even though it is super close. I have been there several times . You need new employees. Food took way toooooooo long.
Horrible service.
The BEST place to have your first taste of poutine. Reasonable prices, a wide menu selection and a variety of craft beers. The portions are large and they don't chinz on the gravy or curds. I enjoyed it!
I am sold on this place.  The yogurt flavors are simply outstanding. Taste fresh and not artificial. They have a large selection of toppings, since it is sold by weight and not exactly cheap I usually lean towards the lighter toppings such as the toasted coconut.  Bonus points for the sample cups.
Popped into here for a quick bite before a show. Sat at the bar and had the Kobe-style burger and duck fat fries. Best burger EVER! and the duck fat fries are perfect.
Really enjoyable, chill spot, especially on a lazy Sunday afternoon for an early dinner. Chips & salsa, tacos and beer float were all good. Prices are agreeable, staff seems pretty cool, and good options for indoor or outdoor seating. Plus it's dog friendly! I'll be returning at some point.
Decent selection of good quality of fish for sushi or sashimi. AND their hakata ramen was very pleasant and appreciated surprise.  Good rich broth, firm noodles, green onions, and seaweed. The pork slices were about average.
A bar... Coffee bar, bar bar. Fantastic spot. Delicious coffee drinks. Beer specials. Chatty wait staff, friendly bartender. I work just a few steps from here... this might become my Cheers.
Not the best nor the worst.
The place is small and kind of dirty. The staff is rude. And there is not much to eat for lunch.
great salads and their fries and chips are to die for.My friend's love their grilled cheese (not on the menu) and i've always had awesome. service. Great place for lunch and a good beer!
Great find!!! :)\nyummy food! Yummy gyro! Yummy souvlaki!\nyummy yummy!!!\nAnd friendly service!!!\nWe are coming back!!
Horrible service time on a to go order. I have thirty minute lunch break, they took 45 minutes to make my gyro combo.
Tasty tiki goodness.
Fantastic! Great place to grab a tall glass of wine, great appetizers, and even dessert! The atmosphere is relaxing and the hummus is outstanding! P.S. The cappuccino and the espresso is also delicioso!
Great little place! We had chicken panang, pad Thai, BBQ chicken fried rice and it was delicious! I'm a little disappointed they don't have a bathroom.
Thee best Greek food in the state! The Hummus is to die for. Always very fresh food and an awesome staff!
I like to call and order a cali roll to go when I am busy running errands and shopping, it is inexpensive, they make a cool cali roll, and they are nice and fast.
If you want a night out of drinking and dancing, that's exactly what you're going to get..  I've been here several times and have not been disappointed.  The bartenders are on their game.  I've never had to wait more than 2 minutes and that's when the place was crowded.  Always a party there
This is the public transportation company of Montreal.  Bus and Metro (subway) system of the STM is terrific.  \n\nNo need to rent a car when you are vacationing in Montreal.  Just take their public transportation system.  It is better than most other major metropolitan cities.
OMG. Restaurant makes me feel like I am hanging out with the rat pack. The menu is extensive and pricey. Save room for the strawberry shortcake for desert. You will be glad you did.
I can't get past how crowded and busy and this place is. I've stopped in a few times and either left empty handed or fought like a Black Friday sale at dawn for produce that wasn't great quality. I'll skip the hectic crowds and buy produce at sprouts which is priced well for quality product
Haha Pheast!!!
Dopes!  I have been there a dozen times with my X5 and yesterday, after waiting 20 minutes, they say \"your tires are too wide\"  So I'm like you just did the car two weeks ago... no response just looked at me like a deer in headlights.  stupid is as stupid does i guess.
For the Love of the Cosmic Universe people it's LAS VEGAS not \"Vegas\"....geeeze
We great experience at Landry's Seafood Restraurant. The service here is superb. Some of the best seafood I've had in a long time.
It was awful, I ordered a $4 cup of chai tea and they gave me a half a cup of tea! Not even halfway full. Much worse customer service than other locations in Charlotte. Like the low rent version lol
The chicken Mac & Cheese is hands-down the BEST Mac & Cheese EVER. And I've tried quite the variety.
Let me start by saying NEVER AGAIN ! Walked out of this place after 15 min of no service . The place wasn't even busy at this time. Never will I be back to this place . Go to grandpa's pizza instead
Since we just moved into the area thought we would give Pinkaow a try. Glad we did, food and service was excellent! We will be back, if nothing else for the the crispy crab roll...yummy!!
The beer selection is unbelievable and the prices aren't terrible as they are a little lower than some of the other Sharp Edge locations. Try the pizza for a solid yet inexpensive meal.
I know what yall are thinking. Starbucks? Revoke her Portland, OR card!!!
Cheap, but pretty bad food-wise. They have an amazing selection of European chocolates and I haven't tried their baked goods, but the hot food is really not great. Very heavy, creamy and/or oily. They also towed my friends car!
The crepes themselves are really delicious.  I had the Monterey Crepe and I would definitely recommend it.  Will try a dessert crepe next time for sure.  I'll downside was how disorganized the seating process was as well as the wait time.  Worth the wait though.
Nothin great, ur typical bar n grill... Not much of a fan of native just came to meet a few friends here to watch the finals. I will say staff is friendly and they keep the place clean.
I love Cherry Lash Lounge!\n\nTaylor and Ali are fantastic!\n\nWould never go anywhere else!!
Sorry to break to you but  it seems another Village  inn has bitten the dust...
Food was ok..we had the pizza...not ur traditional pizza but maybe because I was really in the mood for a really traditional pizza.  Service was fine...he checked on us from time to time...it was a good spot to ppl watch...but was a bit noisy.
Not worth the wait. Better places nearby if your willing to walk. I recommend going elsewhere
The food is very bland.
By far one of our favorite resorts in Phoenix , clean , great service and they wait on you hand and foot .
back when yelpzilla drove a ricer ( a japanese lizard driving a civic, who would have guessed!?!) this was the only place I would take it. Honest and friendly. Work was solid.
Food was delicious. Our party had a great time and the hibachi chef was the most entertaining, especially with children. The location is right near a movie theatre and parking was available. We were seated right away and the decor was beautiful!
I called from out of state on a Friday afternoon to send get well flowers to a relative in Chandler.  The beautiful arrangement was delivered the following Saturday morning before noon!. Excellent service!  I would highly recommend Cactus Flower.
Love Teppanyaki so I really wanted to love this place but it always seems to be a less than mediocre experience. Expect to wait a long time to see the Chef. Do Not order sushi, it is more headache than i is worth.
Wonderful service. Good food for a Dennys. Thanks for coming to our neighborhood.
Food is great but service for food and even drinks takes FOREVER make sure you have No plans the rest if the night when coming here as you will spend most time waiting for service.
Had a large group and Panevinos totally took care of us in a timely way! I orderes appetizers before hand and they were ready to go when we got there. And best of all, they have an amazing plant-based menu! So glad Panevinos exists!
We spent over $150 ,had reservations, but we initially got a really bad table. They had put a table outside the regular seating area. The wine glasses were dirty, the service was slow and my wife and were disappointed. Too expensive for what they deliver.
The \"Big Rig\" Pasta calls my name more often than I'd like. Living close to this much delicious pasta and deep dish pizza is rough on the waist line. Always great service, especially outside at the bar.
Great service. The omelettes were good but not great. The potato cakes (aka hash browns) were unique and good. Overpriced even for breakfast in Vegas.
This was an excellent find!!! All you can eat crab for $28! I recommend this place to every crab addict I meet. The ambiance is decent & the staff keeps that crab coming!!
Great food, very impressive draught beer selection with lots of excellent local beers. Waitresses were outstanding. Our regular stop to and from Raleigh.
Unfortunately this place appears to be closed now. Number is disconnected and doors are locked...
Loved it! Food was amazing. We can actually compare this to Irish food because we have been there. We enjoyed the company of our server. If we weren't staying at the Paris, we probably would have ate here again while we were in Vegas.
Ate here multiple times and for the price great food! Friendly service and awesome happy hour. Would recommend to friends and family.
If you like thin crust pizza, this is the place. Great patio area and bar has seating when sit down tables are full. Place is packed on weekends. So plan for that. Service is good, my glass stayed full.
All you ca eat sushi,Good price in Las Vegas, Missing one star cause Service should be more improved. I ordered a cup of water, it never came until I called the waiter 3 times.
Wow! Great show. So much packed into it. We got 50% off tickets. Great bargain
Favorite place to watch sports and eat. A tad pricey but this is Vegas. Food is great.
Maybe they read the reviews and upped their game, but the customer service was really good. We found some designs we liked and we able to talk to the artist immediately. Everyone was very welcoming and seemed genuinely interested in our ideas.
Wow. Ordered a grilled cheese after a long day of baseball and swimming. Literally a piece of processed cheese between two pieces of bread. Server was really nice but overwhelmed.  Thankfully the meal was pretty cheap.
Dr. Grade exudes professionalism, I appreciate her attention and detail when I have an appointment. I have never had a doctor that I was completely comfortable with, I would recommend her and the office to everyone.
Had to give it one star to write ..would rather sleep in a tent.. Horribly smelly musty smoky rooms . Light bulbs out .. Lamps not working . Loud traffic.. No covers .. What!? No covers!?!?!?! Run the other way!
Came in with a Groupon. There is no time specified for the Groupon but was told it's good only for dinner but he accepted it anyway at 3. Pizza was ok quality but super greasy. The side salad was large and fresh.
My car was in and out in a matter of hours. They are EXTREMELY FAST and great to work with on the service end. The total price for parts and labor was about $300 LESS than I have spent on multiple occasions when living in Illinois. Very impressed.
Oh yeah.  Great flavor.  Spectacular presentation. Good value (READ cheap and good sized portions).
Stopped by recently and was impressed by the pineapple and mango flavors. Phenomenal! A must try if you like he fruit flavors here.
Big fan of this place. One of the best patios/places to day-drink in Scottsdale. We went Friday night and ate at the bar and the food was great! Minus 1 star for being an Oregon Ducks bar ;-p
This place is awesome. It's super convenient and the stores are amazing. The staff of the quarter itself are extremely friendly and helpful. Once you get a hang of the parking it's even more amazing. They are expanding and can't wait to see what else will be here.
Delicious food (I recommend the Chang Mai noodles) and the friendliest staff. Huge portions too!
The Lumberjack waffle is my fave! Maple buttercream and BACON! Seating is limited, that's the only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars.
Had lunch of soup and sandwich here and it was delicious!  My co-workers had bruschetta board and charcuterie/olive board.  Both looked like something I'd like to try next visit.  I'll be back.
Great for kids haircuts. Terrible for adults. Never going again
A bar like O'Grady's is what happens when a drunk makes the misguided decision to open a bar to support his habit: bad food, poor service, overpriced beer and an overall indifference to customers.
The parking lot....sucks. Their gas prices are very competitive. I generally win about $5 on my $2 scratchoffs. The cashiers are just so \"blah\". I hardly ever get a smile, hi, bye, or anything.
The classic example of why we need half stars.  Doesn't merit a four star endorsement but slightly better than the three star Meh.  The hot dogs are decent but you'd expect more due to the pedigree of the owners.  The place also doesn't feel well put together and like it's been neglected in recent times.
Very pleased with the care I been receiving the past three weeks at ChiropracTED.  I was skeptical about seeing a chiropractor - now I'm a believer.   My headaches diminished and the rates a very reasonable, much cheaper than the massage therapy and accupuncture.   Thanks Teddy Sim, DC
Disappointed. Went for brunch and at 10:32 while in line counter guy said no more breakfast. \"Breakfast ends at 10:30\". We left and so did two other groups in line. Not a great customer service philosophy.
I was at this part of town and stopped at this IHop for lunch. It was such a pleasant experience with a really great waitress. She had only been working there fo about 8 months. What great service. Thank you so much!
This store is no longer open.  It's completely empty and nobody is answering the phone or emails either.
Bagel was okay. Service was fine. Meh.
This is the most overrated place in existence.  The menu is limited, the fries taste like cardboard, and the burgers are thin, thin scrawny little patties.  I don't get it, and I certainly don't eat there anymore
i dont know for sure if this was staged, but i like to believe it was real. in any case it was hilarious and i laughed so hard the whole time. great show!
Recently stayed here in summer 2010. Other people are right when they say this place is ghetto and rundown. The main people that live here are family's with children. Be prepared to have a bunch of kids running around when your inside this hotel. The only pro i can think of is this place is dirt cheap, only 20 something a night.
Brisket and okra are great. Normally a 4, but while stuck in an airport you can't do much better!
This is my favorite lunch place. I get the all you can eat salad bar and it's delicious.
The oatmeal was good. The fruit was crisp and the raisins plump. The sweet tea was fresh.
Great cheese program...awesome service...a foodies must visit off strip!!
This was not the worst buffet I have ever had, but I also was not the greatest. Some of the food was very good but some of it was very dry. The place was clean, the wait staff was friendly, and the desserts... oh the desserts were the highlight!
Kicked me out for wearing a wife beater! I'm glad I don't live on this side of town, fuckin snobs
Hate, hate, hate, hate Southwest Airlines!!! They delayed my flight from Las Vegas to Oakland due to \"bad weather\" in East Coast. I've been waiting for hours only to see that my flight keeps getting pushed out! This has never happened to me with Delta. Wish I were on Delta right now!!!!
Went for the Sunday Jazz brunch. The atmosphere is great and the jazz band was nice. The food was great but took a little too long. The service could have been better. I don't like having to repeat myself more than once when asking for something.
Several of the waitresses must have been imported from a local trailer park.  I keep expecting to hear someone shout, \"Kiss my grits!\"  The barbecue is actually pretty darn good!!
its now called don tortaco.\n\nvery clean place and still tastes like robertos but no cheese on my rice and beans... =( haha\n\nall good though. i love their guava drink.
First time I went it was really good, but the second time it wasn't and customer service was really bad and they overcharged us.....what's up with that?
This place reminds me of my childhood vacations in Vegas. This is definitely one of the old parts of Vegas that has a special place in little children's hearts, as it holds one of the most amazing arcades ever.
My second visit and frankly I'm surprised at all the rave reviews.  Don't get me wrong there are some tasty unique morsels that are artfully presented but we dropped a few bills ate every thin on the menu just about and I was starving afterward.
Great BurGR,great apps, wings were killer...had shake too,very good...exellent service... it's a lot of hype,but worth trying once...so many burger option now on the strip...you won't be sorry. Overall-Good Pull
I ordered the Navajo taco with green chile and I was disappointed it was way to soggy and just turned to mush YUCK!! After looking at the pics people have posted I might give this place one more try since the nachos look really good.
Bartenders here know how to pour!  Order the \"Perfect Margarita\", volcano nachos, and get a seat at the top patio! :)
The sandwiches had a lot less greens and vegetables than I'm used to at Subways I've frequently eaten at in California. Also didn't have any avocado... Overall the sandwiches were of much poorer quality than I've come to expect from Subway.
Not a place for large groups.  Took a group here (75 plus people) and service was unprepared and seemingly inexperienced with serving large groups.  Also no good place to pull a bus up to for group dropoff and pickup.  Rough and awkward experience...won't be coming back.
Awesome place to chill out away from the hustle and bustle of downtown.\n\nI usually go to Montford, but like to change it up at Sir Ed's from time to time.\n\n\nGotta get a Guiness when I go, how could you not?
Decent food. They add a $2 restaurant fee which I've never heard of at a sit down restaurant like that. Waiter was really nice and the beers were cold. Very pricey.
If you are looking for customer service this is not the company for you. I have been trying to get someone to set up a service call for weeks with them and no one ever calls me back. I have left 5 or 6 messages and no response.
So thankful for the Levine family & their generous donation of this hospital. This is a state of the art facility assisting children in the area. \nClean floors, friendly staff & excellent doctors.\nI definitely will choose this hospital if I have the need (when I have a child). I recommend it to those with children.
This location is always crowded. Service is hit and miss. I noticed that I received quicker and better service on days I didn't shower. Yes, I was keeping track. \n\nAnyway, it's better than the location at the Forum Shops which was awful.
royal mile is beautiful, it's a lovely cobbled street that runs on a hill with pubs and shops and restaurants on either side. when it's empty it's great to walk down and when it's really busy during the festival with people advertising their plays it's even more awesome. i love it.
Amazing, This is what a show should be. Fun, Sexy and impressive. It has wonderful audience interaction. The performers are some of the most athletic, beautiful and graceful people I've ever seen. Go see it.
Idk wasn't that cool. Seemed way to small and damn the prices are stupid. Had a hot staff but I'm not sure if ill be back
Fantastic vocal training! I've studied voice my entire life, with more than 13 instructors, sing your style studio tops all. Thank you Stephanie for transforming my voice. Studying via distance video lessons work so well especially when driving gets me in a traffic bind. I'm very pleased with the progress and outcome in working with you!
Been to this Restaurant a few times, my husband and I Love this place, we can walk to it, Great  Happy Hour, the View is SPECTACULAR  !!!! Good Margaritas !!!  Good Food !!!
Service here blew harder than a cat 5 hurricane and the old bald guy behind the margarita bar was grumpier than George Costanza's dad.  I gave it two stars since I got a free beer after waiting 45 minutes for my carne asada!  Seriously now...
Amazing time and experience. The staff is friendly and the helpful with the people like me that can not paint.
Rude service.  Very unpleasant order takers.  Plus bagels are Just as bad as eating doughnuts.
Service was good, food was sub par.  I wouldn't recommend.  Everything was very bland.
Who doesn't like M&Ms or Red and Yellow? Good place for tourists and I have to believe that this place is generating a fair portion of the company's revenue. I've seen people walking down the strip with 4-5 bright yellow shopping bags each!
Plus points for decor, minus points for price.  I was a bit surprised to find that the basic pedicure was $32, when anywhere else you'd pay $25 or less.  I thought the experience was pretty comparable to anywhere else and couldn't really justify coming back to pay more just because the walls are pretty.
Good Chinese food, fast and very cheap. Definitely recommended!
Wasn't really impressed...but it was OK. \n\nNothing special here...the service seemed a little slow and standoffish.\nThe grooming was ok\nThe location is ok
Ok place.  I love the outside patio area.  The owners are nice and accommodating .
Older theater. Needs updating. However, the tickets are $1 cheaper, so I think they take that into account. There are definitely better options but if you want to save a few bucks, it's not horrible. And it's not busy which is a plus.
We drove past at least five other ice cream places to get here with an out of town friend to have sundaes. When we received our sundaes they were sans whipped cream. When we asked about it they said \"oh, sorry we are out of whipped cream.\" WTF sugar bowl?! Poor form.
GCS was great. I had a very good experience. He was very polite & was in and out in less than 45 minutes...... And my carpets looked new again by the time he was done. I highly recommend GCS!!
The food is good but for the price the portions are small. The place is nice but staff need to do a better job a keeping it clean and on service.. For the price go to Fat burger (across the street) and get a burger there..
Great food... Had the Ox tails with Mac and cheese... Great food, cooked right gravy was on point, the corn bread hit the spot.... The Mac was pretty good and they give you a lot of ox tails also....
Met some people for drinks here on a saturday night. Decent vibe.... not sure if it is any better than the old mickey's hangover that it replaced...
Clean, quick and fairly priced for any office supply needs.
The room was not clean.  The hotel manager was extremely rude and aggressive.  \n\nSimply put, don't stay here.  For the same money, you can do a lot better.
Always very slow. Doesn't matter if it's the Drive-thru or walk in its always going to take forever. Plus they always get my order wrong!\n\nYou guys lost my business.
They have a diverse variety of ethnic foods and is at a convenient location near UPMC Shadyside, but the customer service line is ALWAYS LONG and the employees working at the customer service always go SUPER SLOW!!
Had a wonderful experience. Great selection of beer, good happy hour menu. Burgers are exceptional, haven't had a burger so good in long time. Everything from the bun to the topping tasted and looked fresh. Will definitely be back soon!
Awesome little place! Been searching for a great place to get a breakfast burrito. Stopped in a got a ham burrito and was not disappointed. Great Prices and good food. Will go back to try California Carne Asada.
I love this place. The blood mary cart is super awesome. I have tried three or four items on the menu and they were all delicious.
No skim milk. Overpriced.
This is the place for coffee in the city. Way better than Starbucks by far! And Dutch Bros.  If you want real coffee and not all the sugar hit this place.
Food was cold. Not like beautiful pix. Very bland and slow service on a very slow night.
Love the place food, but  slow service, waited 20 min to take our order, place need remodeling , I come here once a awhile and service is never this slow , new server today ..over all food was good..
Miss my old home! Best place to live! Gated community, security, and close to everything... The 101, 202 & 60. Tempe Marketplace, Mesa riverview and 10 minutes from Old Town Scottsdale!
Tuesdays half of food. they have good wings.they also have pool tables and Fridays they have djs
I was shocked at the food. I have had a lot better pizza. It was very plain tasting! Also I got a Pastrami sandwich that had next to no meat on it and it was on white bread that wasn't even toasted. The French fries were the worst I had ever had, they were so dry and hard.
They made us wait 15min for a table, but there are at least 8 tables empty and set for seating right next to the waiting area. Bad servoce
Excellent staff, excellent food. Sliders were delish!
David Gives an Awesome message.  Best I have ever had.  He is excellent at getting knots out of my neck and back.\n\nYou have to give hime a try.
Great price, great service ! We are repeat customers, like once a month. We have always had great service and food. Food is always brought out in a timely manner.
The desserts are a little bland and are pricey given the small size.  I've had better Japanese bakery items elsewhere.
Not bad for a grocery store. It's much better than Ranch Market or Food City. Safeway is comparable to Fry's.
spent 100 dollars here, Not worth the money at all, I will never come again. Much more expensive than other nail salon but much more worse in term of their skill
Enjoyed the Fry Sampler we tried--sweet potato fries, fried zucchini and onion rings.  Cinnamon honey mustard dip was amazing with sweet potato fries.  Peppercorn burger was nicely done.  Salted caramel milkshake was too rich for my taste and I was done after first try.
I am Vietnamese and this is one of the worse pho I have ever had. \n\nTaste nothing like pho. Waste of money and time.
Used a restaurant.com certificate at this establishment.  Was a good value for the money ($25 off purchases of $50 or more).  Found the food to be good, but location was a little small.  Known better for their slush/alcohol drinks.  I would eat there again.
First off, Brake shops are probably the biggest rip-off going. I bought all the parts here and changed them myself, saving over $100 bucks at least....
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this boutique! I got the cutest purse here! My girls love their hair accessories and little purses! You have to stop by here and shop! You won't find better prices!
I've lived here for 18 years never heard of this place. Great NY style pizza. Kinda like NYPD pizza on a good day. Very different style crust. Solid place. Go.
I ordered the jasmine milk tea w/boba. Not good. Tastes like watered down milk with a hint of tea and jasmine. The owner should go around tasting other shops milk teas to improve her recipe. The boba itself was ok tho.
consistant service.  No bells or whistles to keep me from going out of my way to get to this location.
First time at this place, came based on reviews. Monica did a great job on my hair! She listened to exactly what I wanted, and gave me advice on my annoying hair! She also gave me styling tips, and I liked everything about the service. It was fun and relaxed environment. Def would come back.
Pretty much an average place - decent food, friendly service and Nice scenery. The piazza was especially oily and enough food for two. The salad was also good. Very convenient since it's inside the hotel.
i like them, they're cool, funny in a way, creative, entertaining.\nbut at the same time wasted too much time in looking for people in the audience, and lacked of climax. not forget to mention, pretty pricey ticket as well
Golden Corral has better Quality food.
The word is WOW!  I thought I was dreaming!  It was an incredible show and would definitely recommend it to fellow yelpers, friends and family.  Some of their stunts, I had to hold my breath!  It was AMAZING!
I used them regularly when I lived in Pittsburgh, and now that I have left the area I realize how much they spoiled me.  It's rare to find a repair place with consistently great quality, reasonable prices, and pleasant service.   I only used them for minor repairs, but they seemed fully capable of major things as well.  I recommend them to anyone.
Very good show, and definitely worth the money!
Hands down my FAVORITE Mexican restaurant. The food is authentic, great and plenty. My favorite is the Campechana and their Parrilladas. The drinks are good to especially the mango margarita.
Popular place with the locals.  My relatives and I go to Sam's town about once a month.  Mostly play keno.  Last time we were there, my sister in law won $60,000 at keno!
Great customer service and very patient. I definitely recommend this place. Thanks Bowties Tuxedos
Waited for an hour during lunch. They took my order, waited forever, and ended up having to leave without eating because I needed to get back to work.
DON'T GO HERE! No heat in the theaters - we froze! Bathroom sink broken, paper towel dispenser broken, very poor assortment of refreshments.
Amazing.  First class all the way.  The dentist is sooooo nice and really explains everything to you.  The staff is beyond amazing.  The office is clean and beautiful.  I was wowed.  You will not go anywhere else once you meet them.
Got in god out, but not without a few laughs and shared stories! I worked with Blair, and he was phenomenal! Quick and speedy work, gave me the best price I could receive and I was there only for about 20 minutes.\n5/5 would return again if anything else breaks!
Nice area...but Mountains Edge desperately needs a dog park!!
Went there with my husband food was ok, ordered the shrimp with lobster gravy this place added green peppers to the meal,  Never had pepper in my shrimp n lobster gravy before and this ruined the taste. Will not return there again.
Had them before they revamped their menu, had them after. Both were disappointing. Can make my own ramen meal from packet ramens.
Totally edible chain restaurant food. Nothing exciting.
All show. Don't go.\n\nThe food is just so so.  The service is atrocious. When we asked if the poor service was due to short staffing that evening we were told no.  We got no apology or explanation.
Great pizza but pricey. Slow delivery. Cranky woman answers phone don't be surprised if she hangs up phone loudly in your ear. . Other food mediocre.
The Korean dishes were great. Good portions but a bit pricy. Only the bipbinbap wasn't quite up to par but still enjoyed my two visits there. The cheap 10 dollar pho was very delicious as well. I think this is the best dining place at the Quad.
This place is a treasure for having little treats from Germany that I really miss.  Jams, hazelnut wafers, dumpling mixes, and tons of little bottles of condiments to pair with sausages.  And oh boy the sausages are good!  There are so many different kinds that it makes it hard to only pick a few.
The cashier here was very rude last time I went. I didn't even complete my order she was so rude, I just left. Looking online at the nutrition facts, I am glad I left, there is basically nothing on the menu I feel comfortable eating after looking at the information on how horrible their rubbish they serve as food really is.
There was a set menu for New Year's Eve. I had the lobster pasta and it was pretty mediocre. For the money there is a long list of other old tons spots if go to.
My experience here was pretty much sub par. I came here with my family, we ordered a bunch of coffee and salads, and to our surprise they had run out of coffee. Even after telling the workers there that the coffee had run out, they did not refill the coffee pots during our stay there. A pretty much disappointing experience.
Grilled Salmon salad is awesome! I arrived after a long day of travel in 3 cities and Gina was my server at the bar, she has great energy, be sure to ask for her, great service also
Nice atmosphere, great view and pleasant overall experience. House salad and balsamic dressing was truly noteworthy. Entrees had large protein portions and the pasta was cooked nicely.  The server was friendly, but the service was average at best, as it appeared floor was understaffed.  Go during or after sunset and you won't regret it.
Awful service and unfriendly staff. Not to mention somehow they managed to screw up my door on my car.
Wings are to die for - well cooked, not breaded, and the indulge sauce is addictive.  Perfect!  Wasn't a fan of the romain vs better greens in the Salad burger, and the canned Pineapple was a a turn off for sure.  But the wings... the wings!
I love this place!!  Very good food at reasonable prices.  Be prepared for a wait with large groups and at peak times, but the food is worth it.
This seems to be my wife's favorite place lately. The food is always fresh and good! I just wished it wasn't in the middle of the shopping center.
We have been going to Caesar's for years. The old coffee shop was decent but Central is awful. The chefs should go to cooking school.
Best Chinese around! They have Hong Kong fried noodle.....best I've ever had any where. Staff is friendly. Lunch specials are inexpensive and give you alot. A must try!
Why? Whyyyyy...can't people drive in this shopping plaza? The only time you stop is at the stop signs, otherwise do not stop!!
Had a business dinner here last week.  My review is short and sweet.\n\nFood was good but nothing special.  Service was excellent.  Atmosphere WAY too loud.  Had to shout across the table all night.  But the prices are insanely high.  Just ridiculously so.
If you win - you lost !! They wont pay your win !!! Service is unnessecary because nobody cares and service buttons mostly doesnt work.. staff is unfriendly and the old ladies who serve cocktails are just disgusting!!! Buuh...
Restaurant avec un menu simple mais d'excellente qualit\u00e9 ! Bon service et m\u00eame des bouteille de vin en demi bouteille !
This place is hands down the best 3d nail art place in Las Vegas. Go to this place for top notch nail service.
Was seated right away without any reservations, had a New York strip steak with a side of asparagus - was amazing but the steak was a bit too rare for \"medium\". Service was excellent from the minute we arrived. Will be back!
You go to smoke hookah and you look for a relaxing time - this just wasn't. \n\nIt feels like a coffee shop that happens to have hookahs, filled with college freshmen who are *loud*.
Great place right in the city, which will take you away from all the busy city life. The nature preserve has numerous hiking trails which are marked and some are good 2 to 3 mile loops. It has picnic tables and grills right besides the lake. Great place to take your dogs for a hike or running on the trails.
I just picked up an order. I think the health department needs to be called. Just saw a huge roach crawling up the wall over the deep fryer. I didn't even know what to do. I'm afraid to eat what I bought.
Good food, but they're way too skimpy on the toppings. I had two pieces of basil on my margarita pizza. Two. I'd go back for a cheese pizza but not much more.
Excellent service. Justin came over to my home at 3.15 pm on Saturday and didn't leave until 8pm. He is very thorough, detailed and got all the stains out. He is a pleasure to do business with and I am a client for life.
Nice atmosphere; Not so great coffee. Cappuccino and carmel mocha latte tasted like they came out of a vending machine.  I like the music video concept. Now about that coffee...
love this place. I'm Japanese and I'm picky about Japanese food.  I was a little surprised by non japanese sushi chefs but I trust the Japanese owner and the food was amazing. if you are on the budget, their happy hour has great deals!
$14 per person, the ride last like 3 minutes it's pretty fun takes you outside of the hotel and flips you around, If your in Vegas you should try this atleast once! Sit in the front!!!
Convenient parking and great exhibit - Body Worlds. The IMAX is wonderful - beware lots of kids everywhere!
Come out to this hotel whenever I am in Glendale. The rooms are great, the price is right. Its a great location with many places within walking distance.
Went for lunch and it had a great atmosphere, food and vibe. Go before 12 or it will be very busy quick!
As usual QT keeps it's business sharp and clean...Also the staff was kind and courteous ..... Always a great experience
Honestly this place is over rated. It has a atmosphere but the pizza is not a good as everyone says it it. The pizza looks cool, and have cool options to choose from, but the pizza it self is just OKAY. I might go back if I get invited but I would not suggest this place.
Decent mocha. Hipster heaven. Loud and angry music. Brought me back to my youth.\nThe food looked pretty good, and the drinks were cheap. Want to go back for the \"remedy\" which has ginger and whiskey.
Wow, went here with a buddy of mine.  He's a local and kept telling me how good it was.  And, I was not disappointed in the least.  You will not go wrong with this place!!!
Had dinner here tonight.  Won't be in a rush to be back.  Food was just okay.  I had Jamaican jerk wings and my wife had a regular pizza and salad.  Not a lot of flavoring in the food, I need flavor.
If you are a displaced Chicagoan and are in need of a fix head to Joeys where they actually know what it means to give your beef a bath. Chicago dogs and Maxwell Street polishes done right. To top it off they are streaming Chicago radio and their french fries and onion rings are delicious.
Due to the third annual Schizophrenia hardcore/gabber event, my friend Aaron and I found ourselves on the outskirts of Madison and in need of whiskey.  Luckily the warehouse we were destined for was by Slices' (Slice's/Slices).  Boy, oh boy, factory bars in Wisconsin pour stiff drinks!
Terrible, terrible, terrible. Do not get anything more than an oil change or tires. Had my car worked on and runs worse than when I when I brought it in. The GM did not care, nor the owner or corporate. I guess they are too big for their britches to care.
Always a good time here.  Great food, lots of big tvs and of course delicious adult beverages.
Carne Asada burrito was horrible. Steak tasted old and dry. Better off going to taco bell.  Never going back.
We were impressed with the ambiance and decor. The rooms were full if energy and the food was great! Our servers satisfied our every request.
Customer service is pretty terrible. The greeter was rude and the server was worse. \"What do you want to eat\" is not an appropriate way to introduce yourself as your  server. The food wasn't bad but definitely not worth it if you are going to be treated like a piece of shit.
I haven't had a fatburger in ages so decided to order a freaking large fatburger with fat fries and a drink.  Omg them fries were awesome and the burger, Jesus Christ it was delicious, had a hard time devouring it all :D
My husband and I went and had a blast! It was a lot easier to get going than I expected and I really enjoyed seeing a different side of the Vegas area. The summer is HOT, however, so be prepared!
Nice that you can sit outside.  Cashier wasn't that friendly but the cook was.  Tamarindo is the best I have ever had.  Corn was good.  Carne Asada tacos just okay.  Quite pricey for what you get.  I don't think I'll be back.
What a huge inconvenience!  I came here with my Starbucks card to pay for my drink/food.  I was told that since this location is owned by the casino, that they do not honor the Starbucks card or phone apps.
Love this place. The food is great. The staff is great. A ton of stuff to choose from. Can't go wrong here.
Made the mistake of ordering a bagel and lox. The lox was pure salt. Otherwise tasteless. The red onion was old.  Cannot recommend.  Overpriced too. Avoid.
Liked it the first time so I made reservation to dine there 2nd time around.  Top notch qualify.  Steaks were great, seafoods were great, banana bread beer was awsome.  Chocolate dessert is to die for.
Really good when you feel like splurging and gorging yourself. Lol. The biggest servings of crazy concoctions, don't ask about calories or fat content. Better suited for those with a gall bladder.
This Ross store always looks like a tornado hit it.  Beside low stock there are always items all over the floor. I never see staff picking things up to rehang them.  I would suggest going to another Ross location.
We ate here on a Sunday night and it was surprisingly slow. The wait staff was okay, not the best I have had at a Morton's and the same goes for the food. Don't get me wrong, everything was good just not as good as say the Morton's in Portland.
You can't find New Mexico faire like this place.  Amazing, amazing, amazing!  Carne Adovada Sopapilla FTW!
Sigh.  I know I'm about to commit Champaign-Urbana blasphemy, but...\n\nI don't get the hype.
When in for lunch all you can eat and was pretty worth the price. Clean and good service couldn't ask for any more. Kinda far from the strip but worth the bus ride. Definitely want to try dinner next time im in vegas.
Awesome fries green tomatoes and shrimp and grits! The appetizers make a great lunch!
This is a very good restaurant. It's close to my home so I eat here a lot. I wasn't sure whether to give it three or four stars so I settled on four.  Good burgers and good eggs. I'm not wild about this place but it's good food.
blah blah blah blah blah GOLDEN WINGS blah blah blah blah blah
Super clean, extremely friendly staff, and amazing food. Had the coconut soup, pad Thai, and panang curry and even my two toddlers were licking their plates! Definitely going to try the lunch buffet sometime and next time will bring some wine along bc it's byob.
It's a typically frozen yogurt place with lots of options.  What put this in the 4 star category was the friendly people behind the counter.
Only have been there once, but it was probably the worst service I've ever had anywhere.  Normally I'd look past this sort of thing, but I also thought the food was pretty mediocre for the price.
On the first trip to Madison and it was a great place to eat at....\nThis 2nd trip they were out of sirloin and gave us grief over giving us a discount for up-charging our steak.....
the food was just mediocre\ngelato ice cream was good\ni would not recommend this place for buffet
fuck you red rock for not updating your goddam website! i drive here to try some bbq. \nfuck nuts!!!!!!!!!!\nthis place is clooooooosed!
Nick's has a decent breakfast with huge portions. On return visits, very average food.
Wow!  Don't criticize management too much in your review or they will have your review removed.  \n\nGreat seafood.  Atrocious service.  \n\nWas 3 star review, but is now 1 star for censorship.
Outstanding!! Paid extra for VIP seats -- worth it, plus a meet & greet after the show. Great performance! This guy is the real deal, a Las Vegas must! He played for 1hr & 45 min.
Asshole driver bilked me by charging $2. upon entry to McCarran Airport. The fee is only for leaving. What a cunt.
They're different that's for sure.  Maybe I'm just a NYC bagel kinda guy, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.  They're dense, hard, and have a different texture from NYC bagels, a bit grainier I think... they're okay.  Sorry Canada.
You can't beat the falafel wrap for $5. It's huge, almost two meals! And made fresh always ;)
Decent happy hour. Great atmosphere. Draught beer could definitely be colder. Icy mug would help
This store is always busy and the parking lot can fill up quickly. Once you are in thou the staff is helpful and will look to make sure that you get exactly what you need
Pretty long wait here, mine was 45 minutes, and parking is a nightmare. Out of all the locations, this is one of the worst ones. This is like the classic DMV's you see on a TV show, with a line out the door. But, on a good note, the employees seem really helpful.
I cannot understand how this place is still in business. The food is bad... no taste, greasy, and the carne asada is tough. Nothing to come back for. I live across the street from it but I'd rather drive somewhere else. I like supporting small business but this place makes it tough.
Cool looking but Basic airport fare... And frankly to expensive. Find other options in the airport.\n\ncheers\nSteve
They do not dry clean comforters but the service when speaking with the employees pleasant enough.
I got for Monday and friday lunch deals, food is good but the service is very very slow. It can take put to 25 to 30 min to get lunch meal
Really great value for the money. The staff is polite, and professional. I will be back for sure the next time I am in town. I foot massage was so relaxing that I fell asleep.
The BEST burger I've had in a very long time.  Beats all the other recently popular burger places by far.  Can't wait to go back.
This is a pretty cool store to shop in! They have a ton of interesting, high end kitchen appliances available. It seems like everything is chrome, very high end, and awesome looking. Plus, they will give you a coffee while you're shopping when they are demonstrating their high end coffee maker. It's a fun experience for sure.
Morton's Steak House was pretty impressive. We went for a friends birthday and I ordered the 6oz filet, with shrimp & scallops and it was all really good. It very pricey, table of 9 and the bill was $675 but the food was fresh, delicious and I was stuffed when I left.
Great pizza and nutella cepes.
LOVED this place until I found a fly in my pita today, the waitress was such a doll and took it back, brought me a new one and didnt charge me, but still sad to say, I won't be coming back to this location again.
Had my car towed from my work to my mechanic - the distance was 9 miles and the bill was $113. I['m no expert on prices, but I think other companies are cheaper than this.\n\nWith that said, they were prompt, courteous, and well communicated.
Stopped in at 6:35pm for an inspection and was turned away with no one there in line. Told I would have to come back.  Sign said open till 7pm.  Most inspections take 15 minutes.  Would not recommend.
Nothing vegetarian.  Unless you want Edamame for a meal.
Of all the bars and lounges we visited in Montreal, i'd say that this was my fave. \nIt was classy, lounge-y, somewhat low-key, the patrons were not creepy or annoying and the servers both nites were very nice and efficient. \nI'd recommend for a nite out of town
Like the food..sometimes..but its inconsistent... my family won't go anymore because there is a funny smell in the place.
Great beer selection but as far as the food and service goes maybe we were there on a bad day. After ordering we waited forever for the food to arrive and once it did it was cold.
My husband and I love this place.  Nice, quiet fast food place with room to sit and enjoy your meal.  Very quick and friendly service.  Could not be happier with the quality and taste of the food.  Can't wait to go back!
I have only had their Mac 'n Cheese and Shepards Pie...both were AMAZING! I would go back for those two dishes!
We ate at Native last Tuesday because of their wing special. We walked out without having to pay for the bill. My wife and kids meals where over cooked and that made the chicken like rubber. My chicken still had feathers attached. Sick!!!!!
The challah French toast with fried chicken is amazing...until you come back. I've been there three times already, always asking for the same plate because I loved it. Then I have felt disappointed by how the chicken has shrunk from one time to the next.
If you're looking for food or alcohol on the strip that's not from a restaurant or bar, this is the place. A wide selection of food and tons of alcohol. There aren't any grocery stores around, this is it.
Fun place. Always lots going on. Independently owned. Machines usually let you play which is good. Most servers on the floor are good but like anyplace, always a couple of different ones. Haven't much yet explored acting other then gaming but probably will eventually. I have seen the rooms. Good views. Nice and look new.
Terrible service. I came here with a few of my girl friends to have a nice dinner we waited for our food for 45 minutes to an hour. We decided to leave after that time and I would definitely not recommend this restaurant to anyone in the future.
They don't know what the el Gordo burrito is at this location. Maybe they should look at their own website!  All the others know what it us and make it no questions asked!
I tried this place when I was doing a transfer at the Charlotte airport. I tried the Crab Omelette, which at $13, was very pricey. It was an interesting concept, but the quality of the food was very average. The service is quick, however, and the server is quite attentive.
Is there a zero star.  Service was extremely slow uncooperative.   Fish and chips were soggy not even one bit of crisp.  Pretty sad.  I would highly recommended not going here.  The servers couldn't even get the meal entrees right.  I have been to some bad places in my life but this tops them all.
We ate here this morning for their brunch, and I didn't think it was good at all. I even told my bf that we should of went somewhere else. Oh well it was bearable. The best part of it was the desserts, and some of the asian food. I definitely want to try it again for dinner.
Great burgers, great steaks! The only thing that fell short for me was the hot dog. As a northerner I tend to only like certain all beef hot dogs. But overall, I love this place! Shakes and all!
The Sunday brunch was over priced for the food the quality was really lacking. I really expected more. But it was clean and the food was not horrible. The servers were just rude and the food was blah and way over priced.
Jim the doctor I saw there the other day was awesome. I can't say enough good stuff about that doctor. He was real efficient and spent a great amount of of time with me figuring out what was wrong and taking care of the problem. I feel muck better today because of him. Thank you so much Jim.
This place is soooo overrated.  Food is not that great AT ALL.  Decent, but terribly overpriced.  Decor is beyond cheesy -- they're really trying way too hard.  And to list this place as \"Cuban\" is laughable.
I have to admit, this buffet offers an interesting selection of food choices...however I dont think Chinese roasted peanuts should be one of them. For the buffet price, I would have expected a food choice I could not easily find @ Trader Joe's or a baseball game.
Worst marriott experience in twenty years of traveling. The hotel manager is a joke and very rude. I complained about the service at the hotel and asked for the phone number to complain. He responded by threatening to call the police. Just crazy to think this hotel would rather call the police on a Gold member than give the number to customer service.
World of Beer may challenge the title of best taps in tempe, but Boulders is a great place.  Unique selection, good food and service.
Came here with my wife on a Saturday evening. It was pretty packed and we waited a good 35 minutes before being seated. \n\nThe food was good and the server was excellant. The only problem was the food taking forever to delivered. Other then that, we enjoyed our time there and on to the next time we good there.
Fantastic pizza - I've eaten at the real deal in New York and from what I remember the Vegas outpost is nearly spot on. Good wine, fresh salad, and delicious pizza with a very reasonable price tag. Definitely worth a stop on the strip.
I have had better buffet for less money. Crab legs are tasteless. Not worth the long wait.
Yum! It was great customer service we received. This has got to be the only panda express with a giant logo! I already had panda express like a thousand times so it's nothing unique from my taste bud. (I used to work at panda) the food came out fresh and the place was really clean.
Go here for amateur night for sure!  You might as well be hanging out at a chain bar with drunken frat boys and mini-skirts crooning to Top 40.  I guess Bar Charlotte is back....only on Montford.  I'd have a better time at Applebee's Bar & Grill.
This is my favorite Thai place in Pittsburgh. The mango salad has a wonderful spicy taste. Every meal I have had has been wonderful. Side note, at this place the hottest ranges from 4-10 not 1-10 so just be cautious. A 5 is usually as hot as I can go!
Lame. \nDisappointment. \nOverpriced. \nSmall. \nTerrible service.\nWish I never went. \nThe only thing I found amusing was that the cup was made of ice.
Unprofessional.  Damaged my vehicle during a routine door unlock and refused to take any responsibility.  Unapologetic, defensive, and rude service.
The place looks very fancy and I heard many wonderful things about it. When we walked into Maru, it was totally a different experience. The waitress looked at us and then proceeded to the bathroom without greeting us. We waited 15 min at the entrance and no one said a thing. \n\nThanks for the service.
This place is a joke, vary unprofessional and cheap ingredients. Don't waste your hard earned money on this place..
Very enjoyable. The BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger is awesome and tastes a lot more sophisticated than its name suggests. Ribs are amazing too. My Dad has a hankering for their blue cheese martini which sounds odd, and is, but he says they're good.
Ghetto hotel.\nGood location.\n\nYou make the final call.
This place is off the chain! Food, service, atmosphere and speed of service are all top-notch. Kathy (our server) and Shawn (our greeter) showed great personalities and kept us smiling... in fact, everyone in the place was smiling. I'm adding Mr. Mama's to my list of regular Vegas stops!
Small town feel, but too cramped. I swear my scrambled \"thing\" had one egg, and way too much cheese. Not in any rush to go back, though the service was ok and the ambiance was still nice.
Love that this theater is near my home.  I walk here and to the other business. Ive never had a bad experience at this location  I just wish they had food and drink service.
you get what you expect from this sub place.
5 days no gas just moved into my new place and they said there blacked out and I have to wait 5 days for gas very unprofessional of this gas company I could find the dam gas Maine myself within 5 and turn on the gas on my dam self
We didn't have an appointment and they took us in right away with a free diagnostic.  This was a second opinion and they confirmed what the previous shop had said.  The repairs were done earlier than had been estimated and the staff was very friendly and professional.
Love this place!  Perfect place to get my neighborhood sushi fix.
Super slow service.... Pretty good burger...  Nice booze selection in the bar, but the bar is pretty tight on space..
Clean and nice but there are consistently dogs off leash despite signs advising that all dogs must be leashed.
On a not so busy weeknight, service was lousy. Host didn't acknowledge us, had a party of 5 and stood right in front of her. She did however notice the lighter skin couple next to us. Then it took the server 10 minutes to help us. Food was decent.
The italian panini is so delicious! Also it's decently priced! Yum yum yum they also have sanpellegrino in every flavor which makes me the happiest person.
Fantastic bar with a great outdoor area, and pretty great food selection. This was definitely one of my favorite places during the hot summer nights that I was in town. Also, they have a touch tunes jukebox, which are way too much fun. Next time I'm in Charlotte I'm definitely headed back!
Place pretty good. Wife loves the ambiance, the portion was good for the price... Food came out pretty good except that they burnt half the side of the tilapia... Also, there are two flies around when we were eating lolx
Pretty ghetto. Pretty empty at 2:30am on a Friday night. Pretty sick that girls were barfing in the sinks. Pretty much not going back.
The roasted veggie salad is amazing, especially with the grilled chicken. Don't even need the dressing it comes with, the veggies and their seasonings is all you need. The sample plate- where u get hummus, falafal, pitas, etc is AMAZING. Love it.
A bad joke. Took 4 and a half hours to get a set of tires. Was constantly told they will be in at any moment.
Cool atmosphere, great service. Only had the soup du jour which was a corn soup but it was really good. Creamy and smooth with bacon pieces on top! I would like to come back here and try a dinner or lunch.
Service was great, but the chicken fried steak was swimming in too much bland white gravy. The soup was good though.
Hometown Buffet a la Vegas. Pretty standard ordinary sub par food. It is $15 for Sunday which is pricey so definitely I wouldn't go back. I had ham, blintzes and cold shrimp with sauce.
Everyone was so nice. As soon as I walked in I was greeted. So much nicer than lvac. I went to Cary for a fitness evaluation. He was extremely knowledgable and helpful.
Wow. This place really knows how to do New England clam chowder right.  First impression when you see the thickness of it's consitancy is \"this can't be good\" but it will taste will blow you away.  I want the receipe.
Stopped for lunch, was very plentiful. Spicy is spicy, the eggdrop soup is just soso
Good food nice atmosphere. Service could be a tad better/quicker. Other than that I enjoyed my meal!
Have stayed here several times. Nothing fancy but clean, quiet, and excellent price. I recommend if you're not looking for high-dollar, five star hotel but want a good basic place to stay
Good food crappy service
I am updating this mostly because my daughter and her boyfriend really enjoyed their experience here.  The desserts are fabulous and definitely worth a try.  I wish the owner luck in this endeavor and I hope that everyone in the neighborhood gives this place a chance.  If you have a great experience, please do let the rest of us know.
The subs are good, the bread is fresh, and they deliver late.  This is a great combination in my book!  The prices are good and they have a lot of different kinds of subs.  They do lack in side dishes.
Horrible service! Will never use them again! Never called to give update and took forever to come back to fix it after the parts were there!
They screwed up the reservation for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. Fortunately I called to confirm.They were unwilling or unable to correct the situation. Moving along to someplace with better service.
Excelent buffet.. Muita variedade de saladas, tipos diferentes de comida.. Varias opcoes....Seafood, Asia, Italian... I recommend
Crust is thin, kindof like a flatbread pizza.  Slightly burnt edges.  Overall this felt like something I could've made at home.  It's alright and convienant, wouldn't really go back...  Not my style of pizza.
I been here a couple of times and will be going back again. The food is some of the best Asian food I have ever tasted. The meat is actually meat (I hope you understand my meaning). There is a wide range of teas which are very good. Everything is home made, and I am excited to try the brunch menu.
Typical Vegas cafe.  Nothing out of the ordinary except for our server Bobbie Jean.  She was super courteous, attentive, and sweet.  All servers should follow her example.
Mussels didn't live up to description. Food was plain even though I ordered my dishes spicy. Totally Americanized, which means it's more bland. Waitress was pleasant & the atmosphere was nice. But for flavor it totally failed.
Great restaurant.  They specialize in comfort foods like meatloaf and chicken dumplings.  They also have other dishes like vegetarian burritos.  A deviled egg is served with almost every dish.  I recommend the Cajun meatloaf.  My only complaint was that the collard greens were covered in sugar.
Good late night place. Went in for the T-Bone special $9.99. Make sure you look at the board that list all the specials when you walk in because they are not listed on the menu.
The food was really good and the portions very generous. The service was a little slow due to it being busy. It took a long time to get certain condiments that should have been readily available such as ketchup and butter.  The staff was friendly but they were a bit overwhelmed.
What a change from Aladdin!! Each room had a different memorabilia and our bathroom was HUGE for a regular room!!! That was bonus for us girls. Beds were comfy and it seemed pretty quiet at night. Not too many rowdy people and the casino has been completely re-decorated and is beautiful.
Great authentic tacos here. This is my kind of place. The feeling and quality of a real home cooked meal. I'll be back for more.
We had the platter. The brisket, ribs and chicken tasted like they had been refrigerated for the last 5 days, reheated and served with fresh potato wedges. Tasted very dry, not like fresh sliced meat or BBQ chicken. Not impressed.
The margaritas were splendid. Now all I have to do is make Taco Tuesdays...!
Every time I come to Vegas this place is a must stop! The Hookahs are the best in the city and Stephen is the GM and if he is here he will stop by chat with you and shows you a great time!  If you don't come by you are losing out!
I really don't get what the big deal is with this place.  I have had friends tell me thats they have some of the best burgers out there, but when i went there they were nothing special.  The place as a whole is just average: the setting, the service and the food.  This place is over rated.
The food was great.  We ordered dinner (3 courses).  The food tasted great. Wow it was good.  The next time I go I will eat before I go- The portions were to too small.  That is my only complaint.
Great yogurt and open later for thay craving\nThe girl that works on Sunday is not the friendliest person in the world.  I was the only one in there, so I tried to say hello etc. She looked and really said nothing.  BLANK STARE
Mediocre food.  Green Chili Stew recommended by staff was over done and with no chicken.  Egg rolls were flavorless.  Atmosphere is good, fast service.
This Applebee's went out of Business December 2013.  Was a great location and good food and Staff.
OK didn't want to cook it was 10pm so thought pick up this to take home yule never go here. Kfc is way better.  This place chicken sucks. All there food sucks.
I bring my wire hair doxie here and they do a great job! Janet and other groomers are great with the dogs. Price is good and we always walk away happy!
Greasy cheap, undercooked pizza. You do the math
I've recently been back to Sin City Sushi. I'm confident to give it another star now. The quality of the food and the in-house service has improved. I feel like they are taking more time with the sit down customers than before. I will definitely go back. The cucumber salad & ultimate tuna roll are great!
I visited this place years ago with a friend. This time my husband and I came for a Friday afternoon lunch. We were pleasantly surprised with the overall visit. The lunch menu is really reasonable on weekdays and the food was outstanding. The bruschetta was so fresh and delicious. The margherita pizza is reminiscent of authentic pizza from Italy.
Excellent breakfast. 1st time going to eat with a friend who recommended their food. The service was above average and she delivered the wrong order but retrieved my order quickly. it was very good. On the way out i noticed they have specials which are at a great price.
Tyler is amazing!!!! Had my makeup done for my wedding and I never felt so pretty! I sent him some looks I liked, and he went above and beyond. The whole process was so easy! Totally will use them again in the future!!!!!
We eat here often.  I love the menu and portion sizes are, in my opinion, perfect.  The fish dishes are always good, and I dream about the hummus.  I'm also a huge fan of the spaghetti squash, which is hard to find anywhere else.  The skinny margarita makes the meal complete.
Seriously!!!!! This place is the best EVER!!! You need to get down here and try this pizza and garlic knots!!! Best Service and BEST Food EVER!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!!!!!
Ordered the White Gummy Goblet Drink and the Milk Chocolate Mousse Bar. The drink was sweet and very light. The chocolate bar was amazing! Perfect texture and taste. The environment was nice and and service was great!
Nice, off-the-beaten path spot.  AWESOME beer garden.  Nothing beats it on a summer night with a group of friends.
The music is a little too loud, but their food is so good. Their burger with the lobster and asparagus is my favorite meal on the menu. Love it!
What it lacks in ambience it fails to make up for in service or food. Guy from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives correctly identified this as a dive; however, any redeeming or endearing qualities he saw substantially escape me.
Love stopping here after spending a day hiking, mountain biking or exploring Red Rock Canyon. Perfect location and great healthy menu. Great staff and eats!!!
Great, great, great! I had Waffle Works. Crispy, light, tasty. Served perfectly by happy, smiling Stacie. \nWill be back for sure.
Slow slow slow!\nFood was nothing to call home about
rice n noodle is like an extension of my kitchen. i get food here if i dont have time to cook. orders come out really fast. customer service is tops. my daughter loves their honey walnut prawns, its not like what we're used to coming from san francisco but its the closest!
Fantastic authentic middle eastern food. Try the whole wheat Pita bread. I had the lamb kebab with tabouli. Delicious! Try the lemonade as well. I would highly recommend this place to my friends and family.
Best general tsos chicken ive ever had. Service was good. My drink was refilled when i needed it to be. Couldnt ask for much more. Definitely visit this place if you want great chinese food
Not good at all ! You get a cheap patty, hard bread, and the time it took was crazy long should have went to Wendy's or something
WOW, Nice!
Now \"The Phoenix Place Hotel and Suites)
Food was ok.  More Mex than Tex.  My wife tried the hot sauce and from the face she made, I didn't touch it!  Too vinegary.  Food was ok.  Ambiance was 10 tables in a store.  For fast food, ok.  For a nice TexMex dinner, look else where.
2 for $20 is still a great deal. A lot of TVs made it nice to watch the Badgers in the Big 10 championship game. Aubrey P. was a great server. Overall a great meal out!!
Managers were rude to our group. Overpriced drinks and food, misleading pricing, Bill was predictively wrong and overcharged. Won't be back.
Very good food and fresh. They make the food to order and it's fast. I've tried the steak teriyaki and the chicken teriyaki and both are amazing. Also, need to have the potstickers and the spicy sauce it comes with. That is a must. Will be back again.
I went to take my car for a repair.  After describing the problem to the mechanic (Manny) and asking him if it was possible to diagnose the cause of the problem, he was extremely rude, offensive, and condescending to me.
We used my birthday pizza coupon tonight.  The pizza was sooooo good.  We also ordered a calzone.  I really do love this place.  It is fast becoming one of my favorite pizza places.
The coffee I had was pretty gross. The cappuccino was barely foamy, and the coffee was kind of rancidly bitter.
I highly recommend chicken kebab! It's sooooo delicious. The food they serve is a lot and you will definitely be satisfied by paying $10. There are not many people in the evening, so it is quiet. Service is good and food is good.
Two out of three meals had multiple hairs in them.  You'd think they might comp them all but no such luck.  Long waits for hairy meals.  Won't be going back, that's for sure!\n\nEw.  Gross
This place is awesome.  The guys that work there are knowledgeable and very helpful. Trustworthy and reasonably priced. I will recommend this place over and over. Thank you R & R.
This place is definitely a go to for cheap eats that is close by to the strip.  It's a small casino off the strip with really low price food.  Great to go to on a budget and it taste decent.  Very friendly and nice waiters.
Not good. Beef kabob was gross and gyros was blah. Fries were cr@p. Stay clear of the combo. Waste of time and money.
Great food and service.  Currently the best steak I've ever had, twice!  They are  consistent for sure!
I just had the gnocchi with short ribs! My new favorite meal! So yummy:)
Was excited to try this place but the service was not great and neither was the food. Definitely not too impressed and won't likely return with all of the other great options in the surrounding area.
Yuck.   I remember a day when I loved TGIF's.   It wAs in the 80s.   Now it's just greasy bar food but not the good kind.   I think they started the potato skin trend....  And they ended it too!
This place is awesome. Immaculately clean, lots of natural light in every room of the enormous suites, modern decor, great location, and amazing customer service. You really feel like you are at home. Such a wonderful experience. I will definitely be a returning guest.
love love love wandering through stuff and things and art and junk????\nthen you'll love this place.  when I went I spent well over 2 hours just looking through everything.  the selection is diverse and the staff was very helpful.  some of the prices were a bit high, but there are good finds to be had.
I was very impressed with the skilled techs and efficient reception area. I was in and out of there in 5-10 minutes both times having barely felt a needle prick!
Trusted the Yelp Reviews, tried it out. Not very good pizza, crust was burned, that about sums it up. I wouldn't NOT recommend eating here, but keep your expectations in check and you'll be fine.
Visiting Scottsdale and eating at several places that we have never tried. This was the best place by far. I wish there was a Blanco near where I live. I would go weekly.
Quick shitty pizza found in malls and airports.. though big slices and decent prices.
Terrific staff, excellent hotel. Our first encounter with Aria was the valet: Very professional, and a terrific a sense of humor. At check-in we dealt with a woman named Crystal that was very friendly and helpful. Our stay was short, but very enjoyable. We'll be back.
Tammy at Drive Through amazes me.  Must know 1,000 voices.  Remembers everyone's morning order!  BUSY
I can't say enough good things about this coffee house! Great food and even better staff. Coffee is not too bad, either! LOL MH
Great chicken sandwiches and fries. Best lemonade in town. Politics aside, one mean chicken sandwich thats hard to beat. Some of the best customer service in the industry. Great family atmosphere.
Very good experience here! The ambiance is great, the food is Tapas style and yummy, and the service is good as well! The drinks in specific are PHENOMENAL!
I am adding a star because this is as good as a bakery gets! Apparently on my previous trips I was completely oblivious to the fact that they have Krispy Kream donuts! Not all of the varieties, but my favorites so kudos!
Great yogurt joint!  Lots of flavors to choose from.  The most impressive part is all the toppings they offer and they are nice & neat, not spilled over into one another.
what a dismal waste of time and money! i did not eat $40 worth of food for lunch!\ni had one luke warm plate of crap and some pretty ordinary desserts. will never be coming back and if you had any sensibility you will save your money and go somewhere worthy of your coin.
I've heard a lot of people complain about this place in person.  Saying bad service or they dont like the owner.  Try it for lunch and judge yourself.  They have a great outdoor patio and the best french fries(pomme frites) in charlotte.
FIRST TIMER - NEVER and I mean NEVER COMING BACK.  Our server was rude. Didn't introduced himself and seriously felt we were being rushed. I wish I knew his name so I could have let management know how horrible we were beinh treated.
I don't know why this place has 4 stars. The beer and pretzels were delicious. The fish fry was over cooked and blah. My salad was wilted. It's easy to find good beer. I can live without the pretzels. I won't be back.
Fun family atmosphere ...just kinda priced 2 high
Does not exists. May of use to but not anymore. Phone number doesn't lead to anything and the address on mill is incorrect.
That burger joint is good. I get the double char and its the best I will definitely return soon
Again I went back to this AMAZING place where the food continues to be unbelievable.  They have excellent service, tasty starters and delicious mango mojitos.    If you want a very reasonably priced place to eat out, this is your spot.  So worth it!!!
We had breakfast here and it was great. They had alot of good food and a wide variety and the price was reasonable. My husband had a make your own omlette and it was good! Also the wait staff is very on top of there game.
It was a disappointment!  I ordered a #1, #4, and a hot dog for a total of $16. Their burgers and hot dog weren't very tasty, could be the wasabi mayo. Portions were small, especially their french fries.
overpriced. the owner tried to tell me that a $15 m65 liner was $30! if he told me $20 i would have just though \"ok, not bad\" but i thought it was strange that there wasnt any price tag on it. i think he just threw out a number to see if id bite.
It's not a sprots bar. It's a night club.
I really liked the use of space and decorations.\n\nI also like the coupon that they give. \n\nI did not like the mediocre food. However, it IS a buffet and I did not expect too much from it.
This  place is the best!!!!
Stupidly slow service, everyone here is just chatting it up and taking their time putting together orders. Prices are reasonable and their organic strawberry lemonade is good. Won't be coming back though.
A cool department store with some great options for all price-points.  Very similar to Macy's in the US, they have a good variety of items for different styles.  They also can have some incredible sales.
The toxic flush was good, the sublime was not so good. Pricey but healthy. Staff isn't very knowledgeable.
Apparently they don't staff appropriately for a Saturday night.  we didn't wait long to be seated but waited for the server.  The bathrooms were terrible wikth no toilet paper  except for entire roll in the toilet and towels all over the floor.  The server Leo was good.  The water also tasted bad like there was mold somewhere.
Every year Joe does a customer appreciation meal which brings out long lines that are worth it. Delicious hamburgers and plenty of outside seating to enjoy, especially during the spring and winter months. Beautiful gigantic trees provide plenty of shade. Kid's meals include a sucker.
Food was just ok but nothing to shout home about. The burgers were kinda bland, the fries were not really flavorful and were kinda mushy. I would not go back.
We went because we liked the wine list. The service was excellent. The place was perfect for a working dinner. Our chief complaint though is that the steaks were dry. It was overall good, but I expected a little more on the food front. That being said, it's a good restaurant with a nice ambience.
Lame. New policy at the Arizona Charlies limits the 3.99 steak and eggs to people over 21 with a player's card. Since I don't gamble, that effectively ruins this place for me. I'm bummed out and in search of a new cheap dive eatery for my Vegas steak and eggs.
I only eat cheese enchilada only now. I can't eat the meat since the one that got busted with cats in the freezer so many years back.  Sorry morris for all those drunk nights of chow down.
Its ok... food... if you are hung over this is the perfect place for a burger to soak up the liquor.... staff is ok.. now pricey a little high for a burger. .. but once again you are im Vegas. .. everything is high
Wonderful experience.  Awesome rooms and friendly staff.\n\nWill elaborate more later.
Restaurant hasn't changed in more than thirty years and is very dated. The food is generally good, and service is average.
service was great
Amazing Mexican restaurant! Amazing food, amazing service, amazing drink just WOW! So glad i discovered this gem. There dips are great, i had the enchilladas and there mojitos are great to beat the Vegas heat.\nWill definately go back next time i am in Vegas.
2009
javier avila was so helpful in explaining the different models of the f-150 and asking me what i was looking for. javier made my car buying experience so easy. i have since referred several people to him. he is very knowledgeable about all of the models and the accessories. thanks again javier!!!
There was an issue with house keeping not cleaning the room properly and the front desk person addressed our issue and also gave everyone complementary free breakfast . \n\nThe hotel service is good and they serve a high volume of clients .
Friendly service, great coffee.
The chopped salad is incredible, the service always fantastic, and the honeycomb homemade ice cream may be one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  Yum!\n\nEverything my friends and I have tried at Cowboy Ciao has been exceptional.
Pricey cover charge on Thursday (18+ night), not very clean, and the dance floor is small and got crowded very quickly.
My favorite PF Changs. Always really good food and friendly service. Love the lettuce wraps and Hot and Sour Soup.
Great for any occasion. The salty sundae is unusual and fantastic.  The bruschetta addictive.
This place is consistently delicious BBQ at a decent price.  I strongly recommend splurging and getting some banana pudding, it's amazing.
Service was slow people here seemed very confused on what was going on they have boxes laying around the store it's 3 stars at best
Great place to sit out on the patio and enjoy a great, flavorful lunch.  I enjoyed the chicken club for lunch yesterday and wasn't disappointed...so very good and the fries were addicting as well!  Good service, great patio and great food!
One of my more frequent Thai choices in Vegas. Nice patio area. Service usually solid. Mango rice dessert is decent. I usually order beef spicy salad (which I love here) and Thai spicy cashew chicken made 9 or 10 hot. Great brown sauce. Been here at least ten times. Consistently solid experiences.
The outdoor patio is awesome when it's not oven temperatures outside. Very clean and totally love the lil safari decor. Their Pad Thai is SO good! Strawberry Daiquiri was pretty delish and refreshing. C+!
This sports grill is great! Dale, Kyle and Heather all went above and beyond with their service and we really enjoyed our time there. The sports grill is filled with sports memorabilia and Idaho gear. Have happy hour specials and a great menu!!! Best of luck to this local bar!!!!
Great donuts and friendly service I highly recommend & good coffee. I have no idea what the guy was complaining about the owners English was fine
Very beutiful casino filled with ornate decorations and statues. They won more from me than I did from them, but other than that my gambling experience here was mediocre.
In general, I do not like eating at buffets but this one was pretty enjoyable.
Love love love this place. Food is delicious and the girl who works the front is just so sweet and friendly!!!
Super watered down wing sauce leaves it with no taste. Asked for extra sauce on pizza didn't get it. Other than those issues pizza is ok.
Hookah is terrible.. No hookah maintenance, they bring u the hookah and you never see them again.. If you want some good hookah thats not the place for quality hookah!
After they changed back to Picazzos Pizza, their prices went up, the service went down and the food is not the same. So sad, as we used to love this place. Specially my son with Celiac. :(
Why are their two threads for this bar? Well I posted a comment in the other tread, go check it out. \n\nI like this place. It is very small and it is a good oasis to hit up while in the Miracle Mile shopping Mall. Its worth a visit because the drinks are cheap and the service is good.
Great salmon. Tough chewy bland steaks.  $40 worth of steaks returned (2 were tough and unpleasant), what did they give us?  A $5 desert.  Gee, thanks!  Won't be back.  Too many good restaurants in the area.
Not my favorite Cirque show, but the transformational stage was amazing. Pay extra for seats up close. You'll be glad you did.
Trader Joe's my have I missed you. After buying two cases of two buck chuck (three now), I ventured around the store to reminisce of old times.
Best spot for beer pong and hanging out.  Kind of reminds me of a college bar.  Usually always empty, so better to bring a big group to start the fun.  Honestly, after O'sheas got knocked down this place is the only spot to go for BP.
Cool little hipster spot but honestly not all that great pretty average sandwiches and not worth 15 bucks for a sandwich and chips
I've always loved this spot, its location on busy St. Laurent, its windows wide open in the summertime, its DJs spinning lounge-y, funky house, the free wireless, the good cafe lattes, the lunch specials, the sitting for hours and reading. I try to hang out here whenever I'm in town.
Checked around a bit for a windshield for a late model Tacoma.  Glass Doctor was a lot cheaper than the big glass company and a bit cheaper than everyone else.\n\nThey showed up on time and there were no up-charges.  I'd use them again.
their gyros are okay, alot of meat in them. but i had better. small spot! weird little employees who acted as if they didnt know how to do their job -_- unprofessional! wouldnt eat here again
Love this place and the new owners are great.  The previous owners were forced to close down and the new guys have been in there for about a year.  I go in about once a week and they are super friendy and very fast service.  Highly recommend this locaiton.
Ridiculous drink prices.  Miller High Life on draft was $11.  Need I say more?  This is higher than Disney World or Universal Studios!  This place is awful, but they sign big name bands.  Be prepared to get whacked or take out a second mortgage to get a buzz in this place.
Really good management.   They seem very happy with the work they do and are genuinely excited to talk to you about new games.
Easily top 3 breakfast spot in Las Vegas. Incredible service, food, and style. I would give 6 stars if the Benedict was on the menu.
The food was pretty good, but the service was HORRIBLE! As a restaurant employee myself, I feel I am more understanding than some because I know how hard the job can be when its busy. However this was not the case tonight. The server was plain and simple being lazy and rude.
I had forgotten that Vegas had In-N-Out, and it was a delightful surprise. As always, the food was delicious, the service fast, and the experience great, made even more so because we introduced two friends to it for the first time.  Excellent introduction for them.
Very good place to go for desert. Great tasting \"gelati\" for a decent price! The staff was knowledgable about items on the menu and certain combinations to try. Took the wife there and she loved it just as much as I did. Highly recommend trying Rita's if you haven't already!
The sticky pink donut holes are mouth watering.
excellent food, excellent service, cute brazilian waitress. reasonable prices. i'll be back!
Wanted to try this place out. Went last night and it has been closed down ! Nothing inside and a couple of letters hanging on window from the state.
We had just finished at Mr. Tofu and looking for a massage... but first: More dranks! We stopped in here and just sat at the sushi bar and had some cold sake. It was good and the peeps were cool. If and when I ever eat here, I will obviously update this review!
I was disappointed with my mac n' cheese.  Maybe it was just a bad batch or something because i have heard its really good from a couple of reputable sources.  O well, luckily there is no shortage of places to get good mac in Wisconsin.
yummy yummy. I'm going to have to take an extra hot yoga class for this. just got a everything bagel with a mile high pile of cream cheese, too much cream cheese for the bagel but I'm just gonna eat it with my finger.
Had breakfast here. Huge pancakes! Very good food and good service.
I had a #10.  It was thin sliced beef brisket.  It was amazing and in a non gay way I loved every minute of that beef in my mouth.  I keep thinking about that meat.  That meat is on my mind all the time.  Try it
The hop knot is off the hook. Tried a sampler of all the beers, hop knot and porter was the best. Good micro brew one of the best I have been to in a long while.
My sis and I ordered a chai tea latte. Nothing too impressive..the chai tea latte at Klatch Coffee in San Dimas, CA is much better.\n\nVery quiet environment as each table sat patrons with a computer. Mostly students.
Stopped in today on a Wednesday. Nice atmosphere, but if you're not local, it's hard to get the bartender's attention. If you don't want the traffic from the hotel, don't locate next to the hotel...
The reason I came, was because I was had two free dinners. I have been here before....about a year ago, literally the same exact menu...  Can't they change it up a little? Food was meh...\nThe sushi wasn't terrible, for being commercially made.
This buffet was the worst buffet I have ever eaten at. The hotel needs to invest in all new chefs all the food is really bad! I never complain when I go out but I did here and all five of us got a refund.
The food is mediocre, the prices are high, and the layout is so weird.. it is a sports bar with pseudo gourmet food..  like 2 CHAINZ this only gets 2 STARS
Ordered the $5 Dog and a beer deal. Let's just say I haven't seen a hot dog this green since hot lunch in 4th grade. On the bright side I didn't get food poisoning like I did from the hot dog at Whiskey Pete's back in '03!
It's nice to have a new place for lunch.  I've been to Sal's a few times now, and tried two different sandwiches:  the Italian and Fish Sandwich.  Both were great, and their fries were tasty.  I'll be back again and would recommend Sal's to anyone.
I had the ceviche with all onions, and my bfs burrito was average at best. Not worth it. Don't go here.
Not just a great coffee shop. Amazing, creative menu for breakfast and lunch! Loved the crepes too. Don't let the exterior fool you, this place rocks!
although this location is no longer open, i LOVE the food here. i do wish they spoke more english though....
Salad needed more dressing. Pizza was good.  Canoli was way to hard!
This is like sitting down for dinner with your family..  everyone is there for the food and the company.. and it's so worth it..\nit's like family .
Spring rolls and Pad Thai are amazing; portions are pretty generous as well.
I'd rather go to a red mango or pink berry. They offer a variety of flavors and toppings. But yogurt here has a weird after taste most likely due to all the artificial flavorings and preservatives.
Took close to 20 minutes for an incredibly bland burger and mediocre fries. They couldn't even give me a full cup of ketchup. Absolutely not worth the money. How could anyone eat here on their lunch break? Save your time and money and hit Cookout.
My kids did Summer Camp here and they had a blast.  They made LEGO movies and my 5 year old was able to make some robots.  They were more excited about this camp than the others we were looking at.  They also have classes in Summerlin and a number of Afterschool programs.
Cool place to stop in and check out. Grab a beer and relax. However it took over a hour for cheeseburger sliders... Seems way to long to wait! Hope they get the kitchen speed faster, otherwise it's a good place
The butterscotch on the dessert menu is perfect. Even James Bond thinks so.
all of the food at vitos is tastless, really does not have much taste at all. so if you have blah taste buds this is the place for you.it is also over priced
Love the Griffin!  Great bar.  Love the dungeon/castle theme.  The bartenders are great.  Always very nice, and they serve excellent drinks!
This place has the best views in the valley for a romantic evening. You can see the whole valley and perfect spot to watch the sunset. The food is great as well, it is pricey so we only come here on special occasions or when they are participating in restaurant week
Point State Park is a great place to enjoy the outdoors. There is lots of seating along the water, new bathrooms and water fountains. Overall, a fantastic renovation by DCNR. I'm proud to show off this gem to visitors from out of town!
Wonderful experience ! Fried rice was awesome. There was some wait time that reduced a star but all in all a wonderful restaurant.
I hate those clowns!!
3$ for brown rice! A rip off!  I ordered basil shrimp and got mint shrimp instead.  The rice came midway through my entree after asking twice for the brown rice.  One it arrived, it was dry and smelled old.
This place was so dirty it made me sick.  If I would have stayed more than ten minutes I would have needed a shower.  Has a health inspector actually signed off on this retched place?
I will never know what lunch there could of been. \n\nWe were led to a table and sat down.  Nothing happened for about 20 minutes. No menu. No water. Nothing.  So we just left as there were plenty of options in the area. \n\nNice looking place. Too bad about the bad experience.
Excellent food at a reasonable price. The hot links had a nice kick. Friendly staff would come back next time in town.
After reading the good reviews I decided to give it a try.  Nice ornament and decoration... that is the only thing I like about this place.  I ordered from the Thai side of the menu, but very very plain, so plain that I don't even remember what I ordered.
Terrific meal and prompt service. We ordered the Signature menu item which had a tremendous variety of sushi and sashimi that my family of four thoroughly enjoyed. Would recommend!
Apparently it's a better club on normal nights, but on New Years Eve it was deadsville.  The club is small, and the $200 cover charge was just too much in today's econony.  Bartenders were cool, though, that's really the only positive I can say about the place.
Great atmosphere but that is it, food is poor, service was poor until they found out we were Landry card holders.
Love this place and that they have teriaki sauce on tap! Just wish they had the same sushi specials as Bento Box
so happy to see a store with contemporary furniture.  Las Vegas seems to be stuck in a time warp, every store has the same style.  We need more options for more modern tastes, this store fits the bill.
I found a hair in my salad!!
Went here for my wedding flowers - they are amazing! Always answered all my questions and everyone was extremely helpful. I would highly recommend them.
Always my favorite place to go to breakfast on Sunday, there is always a line but the wait is usually short. Can't beat the home style cooking and fast friendly service. Biscuits and gravy just Like my mom made em.
Had a great experience at this restaurant. Very delighted and highly recommend stoping in for the chicken kabob plate. The seasoning they use adds to the yummy taste of the meat. Rice and hummus was good came with pita bread. The decor was nice and comfy.
My nails didn't look as great the next day, two jewels on each finger fell off. Two days later the paint on my nails started to chip. I had to paint my nails again, cause half of my thumb was chipped. The same thing happened to my little sisters nails also.
Bad Customer service food quality not that great. Paid for my meal received a dollar ripped in half. I asked for another dollar. The waitress brought me back a dollar of pennies and nickels. Not worth the price you pay compared to Siam Thai kitchen which is much better quality and price. .
Love the place but the ice grills from the bouncers are real...Like seriously...do your job and stop watching me...lol...great place with alot of non local girls coming to party...you'll love it...
service at this store is the worst i was told come in to exchange if ir does not fit next day go get your exchange oh wr do not have that size what do i do answer try another store she wad busy waiting on another customer
Toasted coconut is by far my favorite!!! I get it every time. The pistachio is really good too. And they have a big variety of toppings!!
Got into town late Sunday night and needed a place to eat. The guy at the hotel mentioned this place was nearby. Ordered a pizza and a salad. Both were terrible and lacked ingredients shown on the menu. Avoid.
Very good meaty chicken wings seasoned well and great size for ur money. Sweat potato tots are very good just need a dipping daises will be going back for sure
I had the ginger chicken and I really liked it.  It was white meat, loads of flavor and had ginger julienned in with the veggies and sauce.  This was a great lunch.
I've gone here a few times. The service is always slow and the last time the food was barely edible... unless you really like bread, mayo and dijon mustard. There was barely any meat there. This type of service typically causes me to change who I purchase from.
The sushi isn't my favorite and their edamame is very bland. The service is friendly and I love the environment. Interesting decor such as a big fish tank and cool lamps
Over priced. Poor service.  Small portions.  Smells are deceiving.
For as expensive as it is, I expected something better.  \nIt's very pretty and it's in a great location on the strip but for the price you pay for a room, I expected to be IMPRESSED and I wasn't.
Don't bother asking to many questions. You won't get much in the line of help. They will however rush you out so they can finish watching there movie. Not bad on comic selection, but not my first choice.
Great service, friendly staffs. Thank you all for making me feel elegant on my special day.\nSukanya
The guys came out and did an awesome job!! My tv looks amazing. I would recommend them to anyone. Seriously! Thanks again guys!!! I couldn't be happier.
The food was decent. I had a loaded carne asada burrito which was pretty tasty. I did not consider it to be authentic Mexican food, but would not have a problem eating here again if I were in the area. I would not go out of my way to eat here.
Amazing service! I just moved to Arizona and my A/C went out, took my car in and they had it fixed the same day! The price was very affordable and Victor and the staff were very professional, definitely sticking with this shop for all my car repairs!
Breakfast is gross. Like airplane food. I can't believe it!
Food was ok, nothing was really bad. Then again nothing was good enough to justify the price. Fillet didn't have a lot of flavor, Caesar salad was just ok. Service was good.
Great job getting our Idaho snow off and sparkly clean. Gentle hand wash and dry. Free self vacuum with really good suction. Will be back
Always a good time and good meal, Kaori made our visit a good time, for rolls I think we had damn near everything, such a good value, always leave tired
Excellent food!   Omlette was awesome except they used diced chicken and it was a bit overcooked but the CokaCola glazed salmon salad was absolutely amazing and enough for a full lunch.
Awesome as always. Bring an appetite!
Ha Long Bay, the definition of a love hate relationship.\n\nFood is excellent, service is deplorable. I write this over a takeout order that, while delicious, is not at all what I ordered.
Worst crack teeth service of my life. Came in for an oil change, had totally useless and rude input. Ended up needing a tow truck.
Over Rated! this place is hyped up. The ice cream was just okay. i got the captain crunch not that great. The line is ridiculous not worth the wait in my opinion. Great customer service though, all the ladies behind the counter were super nice and helpful!
Good service. I had the #1 and the chili relleno was awesome and they use shredded beef in the taco versus ground. Tableside guacamole was good. The price is.in the middle but worth it.
I think this is one of the best peter piper pizza locations I have found. They are never that busy and are always clean. I dont think they have the best pizza around but its great for what it is, a place for kids to play!
Played on 2/3/14.  Very poor conditions, both fairways & greens.  I would rate this as the worst course I have played in AZ.  Also the green fee of $85 is ridiculous.  Green fee does not include range balls, that were seemingly taken out of the desert & ponds.\nTwo thumbs down!
This place blows. Pricing is wayyy higher than other ranges and then you have some shmoe standing next to you reloading your weapon for you. What??? I don't need some kid reloading for me. Too many good ranges in Vegas to go to this one.
I love this place! The blanket, pillow, recliner along with the popcorn and drinks tops ANY theater!
We ate here for breakfast. It was OK. The service was good. I had blueberry pancakes and they were not fresh blueberries. I should have asked before I ordered.  Two other had a hearty breakfast. It looked good and tasted good.
First time eating here. Enjoyed it. I was worried it wouldn't be enough food but it was Plenty. Was not that impressed with noodles but the taste was good. With extra meat and noodle the price point was a bit high for lunch but I think I could have been full on just the normal portion.
Love this place!  Great selection of coffees, teas and food. The service is very friendly and the shop has comfy chairs and outside seating!
Sliders and baby brats were extremely tasty. \n\n\n\nMarzen is a household beer and It sits right next to its partner in crime blonde bock.
This place has since changed owners a couple of times, and finally closed.  If any one knows of a good chees steak place in Vegas, please let me know.
This is a small, family owned place (from the looks of it when my kids went) which is a GOOD thing because we LOVE family owned places. The food was good, friendly service and we would return! I wish they were located in a busier place. Anyway, we enjoyed the experience! :-)
I came here for happy hour on Sunday. The artichoke dip was good and had a very nice texture, not soupy like the typical artichoke dip. The service was not very good, at all, hence the three star rating.
Nice employees, great service and decent prices. Pitbull friendly.
Ambiance: fun but a little dark. I was very happy that they placed us next to a window so that the sun could filter in.\n\nWild Mushroom Pizza was a bit of a disappointment as the mushrooms appeared the standard grocery store variety.
Love this place.  Went there for a birthday celebration. Our server Tay was friendly, energetic and on top of it.  Everything that we ordered was greatly presented and delicious.  Very happy with the whole dining experience.  We'll definitely be back.
Carefree Station is gone! All property seized (by plaza owners?). Place is completely empty, tables, chairs, fixtures...gone. Been here a helluva lot of years.\n\nI'll miss the patio; RIP Carefree Station.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!  I go here every year for my Birthday dinner.  Had the sweet potato gorgonzola ravioli last year, It was fan-freakin-tastic!  Can't wait to go again this year.  And their lunch specials are wonderful too.
The service was scatterbrained and the food was good but the timing was a mess.  It's really hit or miss with this place.
Ok.. you hummus people.... its awesome here.  Also the Kale salad was great...  Not a fan of the Turkey burger, came out cold but everything else was Great!
This place has the LAMEST mini-golf course I've ever seen.  Maybe it was nice in 1971, but they haven't updated it since.  I haven't really checked out the rest of their offerings, but if they are anything like the mini-golf, I'll pass.
Best nan I've had in Vegas!!  Great bang for your buck.  They even had the $7.99 lunch buffet on a Saturday!  Who else does that???  I look forward to trying the dozas the next time.  They were all around $6 and HUGE.
My boyfriend and I come to Scramble for breakfast every Sunday. We absolutely love it here, he normally gets the Chicago brizza because it's the best thing on the menu! Everything is delicious, including their drinks. I swear they have the best dirty chai in town!
not so epic... DI had a lot more to choose from.
CLOSED. \n\nThey recently had their closeout sale and are now closed. :(
The wait is to long. The service is slow. The food is ok. It's basically like every other casual dining chain. The cheesecakes are actually frozen and they are the same ones if you go to Walmart and buy The Cheesecake Factory Cheesecakes there.
The ordinary in-room coffee comes in a sealed cup. You're charged $3.50 to open the cup!  This on top of the $19/day mandatory resort fee adds insult to their penny wise and pound foolish injury.  Convention organizers- organize your convention somewhere else.
Very cool place, a real pool hall.  Many of the patrons there are excellent players who really care about the game.\nGood food, reasonable prices, nice equipment.  You can't lose, really.
Avoid this one. You are not saving any money by using this one as they try to get more for charging not only for luggage but for even for carry on or water!\nThey are not interested in pleasing customers at all. They are only interested in squeezing extra money out of you. They stink!
Poor phone customer service. But they did got the part in and fixed the problem. I appreciated that, I just wish they were more courteous on the phone.
Rick is the best.  I live in Denver and fly out every few weeks for perfect highlights.  And the prices are fab to boot!
Not bad. A bit overpriced. Coffee subpar.
Good bruschetta.
Closed down.\nOut of business.\nAdios.
The food is fantastic, but the size of the fresh made juice cups are smaller than the original location, at the same price, and it's noticeable!! I genuinely love SkinnyFats and this was pretty disappointing.
Delicious gyros and overall friendly staff. Reminds me of some of the mom and pop places back home in MI. Highly recommend!
My regular Togo place when I feel lazy at home, the food is great but make sure u check the order before u take it back home especially the busy hour! ;( they miss one of my main course n I need to go back n get it@@ no my idea lazy Togo day, I guess ..
This place has VERY BAD customer service !!!!! Only positive thing is the food is good. I don't understand why businesses treat their customers that way for delivery.
3 oil changes here, every time is constant upsales. worse, they over-tighten the oil cap every time, causing the cap to break on the next change so they can charge for a replacement.
I like this place a lot, good food, good service. Only thing I do not like at ALL, is the fact that they allow minors to be seated in the bar area. There is a restaurant portion with plenty of seating too. Really kills the vibe!
Food was good but a bit heavy on the garlic in every dish for me.  Enjoyed the family style service.   The chocolate torta is THE reason to go again.
Not expensive at all. Cute clothes and huge selection. Nice and big dressing rooms. Just make sure you have time to shop because you might be in the store for awhile.
I ate lunch at the terminal 2 location. I ordered the bacon cheddar burger and it came with a 2-inch piece of bacon and invisible cheese that the waitress swore was there. You definitely don't get what you pay for here.
beef noodle soup is surprisingly good but waaaay to expensive for this kind of food.  You cant really complain since you are out in the desert though.
Not really a fan of the west valley in general, but this place has good food and cheap drinks. Try the Mac and cheese!
Gorgeous inside and out.  Great new style. Big flair.  High prices to keep the sweatshirts out.   Thanks for bring back dress code!
pork tacos is the bomb. go on Tuesdays and they have happy hour tacos.
I like the foo-foo French cuisine every once in awhile, but Zinc is fabulous b/c its every day French and not overly priced for the quality and creativity. \n\nBon Appetite!
Love the gelato at this place. I moved from that SIDE of town and will drive a ways to get it. So good
Just moved into the area and wanted to try some of the places to eat. We stopped here and the place was nice our waitress was very nice, the food was excellent big portions! We will be going there again.
Delivery was delish.
Had wonderful dinner tonight,service was wonderful, over all  great time had by all
Straight up horrible: my burrito was terrible. Tortilla was hard, carne asada was like rubber. There are no good Mexican spots I'm AJ so stop looking. Only going to Baja Joes from now on
Good food but left hungry. Cin. Raisin French toast, scrambled eggs, and bacon. Banana nut muffin was more like a banana bran muffin.
My favorite so far is the Shrimp Bowls. Yummy!
Much larger location than Bellagio.    Love the pastries, would pass on the chocolate and crepes.   Are there other places that have dessert like this.... no.  Rather than going to a starbuck and getting something you can get anywhere else, suck it up and just buy some.
Being apart of  the Darden company I knew what to expect which was great service. My family received just that. Ashley was our server and she was awesome. Our food was nice and hot and was on time. Thank you Longhorn family!!!
Bring your own cushion cause the seats are about as comfortable as sitting on a cactus.  The park itself is very clean for a baseball stadium, and it's quite roomy between seats and sections.\n\nAmple parking, good pricing, and a good tailgate scene make this a fun place to spend an afternoon watching ASU baseball.
Be prepared to wait at least an hour in the waiting room and another hour in the doctors room. I gave them a second chance and still waited 2 hours. And they have the nerve to charge you for missing an appointment?!?
this was my first las vegas buffet experience. crab, shrimp, tons of fresh veggies. I had no idea they were this good!
I take my husbands dry cleaning here because of the great price. Their quality on dry cleaning is great. I take my husbands business shirts (laundered) elsewhere because I don't believe they come out as well as the dry cleaning does.
I have never tried ala carte here yet but buffet is very ordinary if you are looking for authentic Indian taste. Kheer is the only thing that is worth a mention in buffet.  Decent ambience. Owner lady really needs to work on her attitude towards customers - very stuck-up and rude! Poor service!
I went to watch the world cup final. Cheap drinks, a lot of TV's (several Big screen, and each both has it's own Screen as well). Service was ok (considering the place was full), but the food was terrible.
just recently realized that this old San Jose fave is here in my own backyard. While I don't eat pigs, and pork is a mainstay in their menu, these guys make great chicken & veg sammiches. soon to be a regular!
Great place! Everything we have here is great as we always find a reason to come back!\nTry the Ahi tune! It's not on the menu, but they will make it for you. It's awesome!
Good pizza. This place has a real Brooklyn feeling and the record hallway is awesome.
We went back again on 5/16/10 because we really like their food.  Also, they allow half-order.  However, there was no uni again, and it wasn't mentioned to us until we placed the order.  I guess if we do go back again, we have to ask before we sit down.
decent place to catch a buzz/get plastered and meet random strange people. \n\n3 bucks for a coors/miller lite..\n\nevening/late night beer pong. just dont touch your lips to those cups..
Love the shop, has many cute and cheesy coke items. I enjoyed the around the world taste test, it was interesting to try different drinks from all over, some were disgusting and some were very good.
Not shocked this place closed.  The paella was HORRIBLE.  Actually they said it was paella, and I ordered paella, but I've never had what they call paella.  It sure didn't match what I know as paella and what they even showed on their website.  Good riddence!
In two words- modern decadence. Really chic modern rooms.  When you first get to your room the blinds open the lights go on And the room welcomes you: its really cool if you into that. All the ammenities are top notch- kinda pricey but worth the moneys.
We were greeted at the door so that was nice. I waited patiently to have an associate get a shirt off the top rack and was ignored. Then, my friend goes to pay and they ran out of change. I have never been to a Hot Topic in my life and even with super cute The Breakfast Club items, I would not return.
One of my favorite Mexican Food Restaurant's.  \n\nJust don't sit at the rail and get the cigarette smoke from passerby's.\n\nFajitas rock.  Service is great and I love the salsa bar.
Always good food here.....great to get in and out of waiting on a flight.\nHave never had a bad meal and the service has been really qick
I have been here twice- the first time it was great, the second, yeah not so much.
The food was okay, nothing fantastic and the service sucked.  I definitely wouldn't want my name on the restaurant if the was the chef.
Have had great experiences buying cars, but some difficulties with service.  The service advisers are friendly and attentive.  The only complaint is length of time for service.
Food is awesome!!!  We ordered lunch special, salad, soup, small appetizers and main menu.  Cheap and delicious.  We'll come back again!
Great place to eat/drink/watch sports. Happy hour from 3-6 is also worth taking advantage of.\nFavorite beer is the chocolate stout
Great wings, stiff pour and nice bartenders. XO Baer's Den 'till we meet again!
AS good as I expected, beef is the signature dish there. However, restaurant needs to be cleaned up. Overall, this is a decent place to go.
The food here is worth the money..... it has sushi, baked oysters, and salt & pepper shrimp is real good.
Terrible customer service!!!! Went on a Sunday morning and the woman who was at the window was so rude and obnoxious!!!! I just drove away and seriously can't believe how rude.  I will not be going back there.
I ate the steak and cheese. It was ok I was not as impressed as I thought I would be. It was nonetheless good, I will try a different one next for sure and definitely with less coleslaw
This is my favorite bar in Phoenix!  It is always packed on Friday & Saturdays.  They have pretty good music.  Only downside, is their drinks can be a bit pricey!
Local eatery that makes for a good belly filler if you've got no other plans.  Your standard americanized mexican style food to quench your 2 AM drunken fix.
OMG, how far this place has fallen. Last time I ate here about 5 yrs ago it was great. Now it sucks. Had to wait about 40 min to get in. I give it two stars mostly for the deserts. The flan and creme brulee were great.
This is my first time here. I absolutely love authentic Mexican food and this place does not disappoint. I had the three taco plate and the salsa tasted amazing. I highly recommend this place.
This was my first time here. I had the Chicken Pesto and I must say it was very delicious. The service was excellent as well.
Pretty good fish tacos! Didn't like the shrimp taco tho. Chips & guac were delicious. Will come back to try breakfast burritos.
This is the perfect way to cool down during summer. They put fresh fruit in their Popsicles and they are extremely reasonably priced.
Best gel manicure. Lasts 4 weeks plus without chipping/cracking and I get French tip to avoid ugly regrowth. They use the best products and maintain a friendly staff.  My go to nail salon in Scottsdale.
Homegirl made me bleed during the pedicure and when I pointed it out to her, she said, \"well, you wanted me to cut the nail short.\" Oh no no no, sweetie, if you cut me, that's it. You're dead to me.
Total rip off. Upsell to the max. Never again.
The kung pao shrimp and fried bananna desert is delish!
Love love love brunch at Pamela's! Go early,, prepare to wait in line. The food  is fabulous.\n\n\nThe staff are friendly, efficient.   Best place for brunch in Pittsburgh!
Had the bacon/cheddar burger and thought it was amazing. Cooked exactly the way I wanted. This is a huge burger too. This place has the best prices around. Can't beat their happy hour or daily specials anywhere in town.
As a follow up to my previous review - the practice manager called me to apologize for the bad experience and remedy the issue.  I appreciate that they took the effort to reach to me after the fact and let me know that they would address the bad experience I had.
For the biggest 21, didn't have such a great selection- especially for the men's clothes.  Crowded and garage-saley.
Room was fair.  Bathroom bad.  Pool excellent.  No matter where you want to go in the hotel you have to go through the casino.  What a pain.  Don't come here with kids! Will not be back!
Great treats!!!
Jude did an AMAZING job and was so sweet :) I absolutely despise getting my hair cut because stylist always do what they think is best but she listens and I got exactly what I wanted!
The food takes forever to be served. The sauces on the side never come and most of the time you need to ask for them again.\nThe staff is rude, especially at the bar. Went there a couple of times cuz its really close to home. Never went home satisfied.
Yum! Almost as good as actually being in Maui, but with the convenience of home!\n\nDefinitely better than Bahamas Bucks, with a finer shaved ice and much tastier syrups! I love that they have macadamia but ice cream too! \n\nWe'll be back!
Need to improve on customer service and appreciating employees and clients.
The service was great! The food was good. Not as good as I remember but we are glad we stopped in. The house salad dressing is really good when mixed with the ranch. I found myself dipping my pizza in the dressing too. Good food, good service, I hope you try Nello's in Scottsdale.
I was very unhappy with my haircut. They provide a money back guarantee which I think is fair.
amazing italian food and great service. I can't wait to go back.
Niiiiiice pie and good beer on tap --attentive and friendly staff. Place was a-buzz so I had to eat at the bar. The small pie is plenty for even a big appetite like mine --no need for medium or appetizers.\n\nWould def go back or try other locations.
Steak was over cooked. Ordered medium rare, was served well done.
The food was good, but overpriced. Nice presentation and it was great to bake the Wagyu by ourself. Nevertheless, due to the fact that we travel a lot, we found already better places to enjoy this kind of food.
Waited 35 mins for partly wrong order, red jade chicken was over cooked. Had a full restaurant of waiting people. Somethings going wrong in that kitchen. Equivalent to fast food except for the wait. Should've went to original in PHX.
Great food. Crowded, but they handle it very well. Give good estimates on wait. \nThey told us 25 minutes and it was around 22.\nOnly 4 stars because the food is good but a little over priced.\nThere $22 dollar steak is not really worth it. Close but not quiet.
Always takes forever and they have forgotten some of my order and still charged me for it THREE TIMES. The third time I called the store and they brought the pizza ... OVER AN HOUR LATER. Legitimately HATE this place. Pizza isn't bad though.
Stayed here for a work trip.  Walls are paper thin and we could all hear our neighboors clearly.  Paul Mitchell shampoo, which is pretty nice.  One of the few courtyards WITHOUT starbucks so that kind of sucked.  Average hotel but not terrible.
Very polite staff.\nDonuts are okay I guess -I'm kinda partial to those sold at a grocery store bakery so what do you expect?\nCoffee is good, ice coffee is really good.\nNice, clean, and easily accessible location.  I believe they even have a drive through here.
Dim sum was good and fresh. Service was good. I thought it was on the pricey side 21 dollars for one person just seemed high.
Only one sentence needed:  Best strawberry shakes.
excellent place for breakfast.
The Brunch over the weekend is just ehhh... it's sometimes good, sometimes it's not.
Good for a low intensity hike...
decent but not anything to go out of your way for, and the main drawback is the da-n Hemby Brodge/Stallings cops, who swarm around the place like flies on a carcass waiting for someone to do something wrong so they can nail 'em for a DUI
I will never go back to this place. My burger was good and I had a lot of choices  but my husbands chili was very generic and tasted like it was microwaved. The staff seemed good at first but as the night went on it only got worse. Not the worst place to eat but not a place I would recommend to friends.
If you're broke & bored. Tourist since1990 & local since 2007 & only been there a handful of times. Low rent.
Worst Steak Tacos...EVER. \n\nTasted like marinated cardboard served in newspaper. Really and I don't normally give restaurants bad reviews.
Deluxe with extra massage was the most awesome.  The service, the place, the overall was excellent.  I was visiting from out of town and they took us right in on a Sunday.  We will be back!!!
Been in line for over one hour attempting to pick up car...do not use if you have an value of your own time\nThis is unbelievable- holy hell\nHave a prepaid reservation..... Doesn't matter
Another great meal at echo and rig !  Gentlemen you may want to ask for Nina!   ( you significant others will still want Jackson!).
Friendly service and great atmosphere if you only want to have beers or drinks.\nYou pay a fair price for the food, but the food is terrible.  I would rather eat anywhere else.  If you hungry stay away, if your thirsty go have a drink and watch some sports!
Not a good Fry's. Usually have to wait in line for a long time.
Mediocre sandwiches.  To much bread and only a small amount of meat.  They don't even taste good at all, nothing special about them.  The Thai tea here is good and I've heard the same about the coffees, but I won't be eating here again.
The service was AMAZING and the highlight of the evening. The food was insulting for the price. Although the steak was edible it's no Ruth's Chris. The atmosphere was very nice as well but I'm not sure how much longer they can stay in business with this quality of food.
Every time we have been here we have been disappointed. We are done. No more chances. There are much better pizza places around here.
when did the makeover occur?\n\nfor such a classy-looking place, you sure do attract the douchebags.\n\ni'm being sarcastic.\n\nto roulette: thanks for the money!  actually, thanks for dinner!
The food was fine but not good enough for the price. Like most places in bellagio, the service was subpar. What you are paying for is a decent meal next to the atrium.
Not a very good selection. Had to wait for food to come out. Lots of fried options. Wanted to like it. Just didn't sit well. Sounds like timing at this place is crucial.
Terrible customer service, especially in the deli, very rude. Been waiting for a call from the store manager for two days. I guess I know why the staff have terrible customer service, It must come from the top.
Food, service and ambiance is 100% conducive to a fantastic time with the Family! :)
Food was fresh and fast. Dining area was dark and lifeless.
i love coming to this place,good firecrackers appetizer to die for!i also suggest to try the salmon caramelized ahhhhh thats my favorite!this is my good spot for dinner.
Long wait YES, but worth it. Your gonna wait for quality. Price was great. Customer service was awesome. Even though I wasn't a regular and visiting from out of state was treated just like the next customer... EXCELLENT!\n\nI suggest this place for those living and visiting :)
A mandatory watering hole if you appreciate attentive service, solid scotch selection and (occasional) decent live music. If the name/logo leave it unclear:  remember your clothes will smell of cigars the next day.
Review is for the casino only:\n\nI lost $60 in under an hour at the $10 blackjack tables my first night.  OUCH.
Great food,  horrible,  ghetto service. They never answer the phone or keep accurate hours
Loved the pizza, garlic nots and salad. The atmosphere could use a updo, but service was good. Price fair. Great marinara, and awesome thin crust pizza. Highly recommend.
Friendly, efficient service. Very good chef's salad, delicious club sandwich. Quite atmosphere. Fair prices with generous portions. Senior crowd but doesn't have to be, we were the only family here at the time but felt very welcome. We'll be back!
Disappointing experience. They messed up on our orders more than once. They took one of the steaks off the bill, which was nice of them, but the experience was underwhelming. With so many other options, I won't be returning.
Sat in the bar area and enjoyed talking with the bartender and other patrons, the food however wasn't very good or memorable.
Stopped by Lee's to pick up a couple bottles of wine.  They had a decent selection of reds, but it was a little overpriced.
Makeup artist was incredibly rude and unprofessional. She gave me the wrong make up color and I didn't realize until I got home. \n\nThe check out desk was also unprofessional. Manager was yelling at an employee in front of the customers. I will not be back to this location.
If you are stuck in a High End resort hotel you would hope to get excellent service and food.  Well that is not the case at Carnegie.
Love Top Design! Best prices for good work done. Have been going there over 2 years now, and wont switch back to others I have been to in the past. Tina does excellent nail design art! I get compliments all the time.
By far, the worst customer service I've ever received. The workers are rude, sarcastic, and pushy. The place is extremely crowded, and their food is overpriced. I can guarantee you'll find better pizza places downtown, just not here.
Two words... Steak Nachos (probably called something else).  The service was good but I was blinded by that dish.  They were very hospitable to a large professional group we were hosting there.  Nice place.
I like the food at this locals place but it was crowded the wait for the table was short but the food took over an hour to come out of the kitchen Food was good but I am not sure why there was a long wait. So if it's crowded leave
Amazing Property, Accomodations and Service. Everything is top rate - from food to lodging. Would highly suggest.
Loved it! Burgers were awesome! Fries were awesome! Shakes were awesome! Service was awesome! The prices might be a dollar or two more than you would like to pay for burgers and fries but it's worth it! Everything is made fresh to order and it's good! You will want more immediately.
Excellent, authentic Chinese restaurant. Reminds me of NY. Great service, good prices & tastes great.
Get up, go downtown and eat here!
We stayed here the night before we left for our trip across the country, and as with most of our stops, we chose LQ because of its pet policy (pets stay free). This was a decent hotel by LQ standards, and had a pretty good amount of room for dogs to do their thing. Normal continental breakfast. Overall decent.
This is my favorite mexican place ever (even beats out my dad's taco truck). My personal favorite is a Carne Asada Burrito with a churro for dessert. But honestly everything is fanstastic! I have been coming here for my entire life and I hope to never stop!
Do not shop at this location.  My wife and I went in last Saturday made our purchase and set up delivery for today. I just called the store to find out that not only are our goods not coming today our delivery was rescheduled to next Saturday without any notice.  I will be canceling my order and never shopping here again.
I really enjoy coming to this location because it's really close to where I live and the staff is really friendly and my order is usually ready very quick. I love the set up of the area and how there's a lot of options to lounge and plug in your devices.
The employee that I dealt with here was slow and disinterested. She really put out the feeling that she hated her job. The cost of sending two pieces of paper overnight via FedEx has skyrocketed as well... $30??? I think not.
Good place when $$ count.\n\nI've eaten here multiple time and each time I get the Italian version of Motezumas revenge.\n\nNot a good deal...unless you need a cleaning out.
One of the best meals I've ever had. Got a food high. Service was excellent, wonderful atmosphere. A great reason to go downtown.
Regular here, so its obvious that I like the food and atmosphere.  I continue to write these reviews to encourage those that have not tried this restaurant to do so!.
I knew Five Guys back when there was only one in the DC area, so the chain concept really doesn't work for me.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but just not as good as Five Guys used to be.  So glad to have them downtown at Cityscape though and hope they do really well!
This is typically the Fresh & Easy I shop at. It's easy navigating your way around the store, and the clearance section can't be beat. You can get really great deals on prepackaged refrigerated food. I like buying garlic here too since it's grown in the U.S.A.
30-45 minute wait, food didn't live up to the hype. The nice thing about it is that it has sports book
Just Ok!  Not sure if all the glowing reviews set my expectations too high, but I did not leave overly impressed!  The atmosphere was nice but the food was just good not great!  I expected better for an upper tier italian restaurant.
This place smelled like something was burning on the grill and was very dark.  I thought I was going to have to lay on the bar to get my order.  I stopped in here for a pint.  It was like Grundge Days Seattle Blue up all over it.  My partner had some kinda icecream thing.  Was different and dark.
Really cool how they have tables thru out the store area - lots of great specialty foods and bread is great. Had a turkey and Swiss sub to go. Bread was excellent, turkey fresh, lettuce fine cut. Nice selection of ice tea. I will definitely stop in again and try other menu items.
Extremely rude coworkers!! Prices are overly too much! They don't accept cash AND you have to buy tartar sauce too ? Are you kiddn me? Never AGAIN coming back!!
The cabs and the drivers are great but the call operators are some of the rudest people I have ever encountered in my life. Seriously need to work on this
Think Panera Bread with more of a coffee shop feel.
Food is OK for fast food. But they keep messing up orders. The biggest thing that bugs me is they never heat up the tortillas enough, always to soft and still almost raw. They ask if you want salsa, then don't give it.
Lovely, quaint little Turkish coffee shop which offers a lot of nice goodies.  Very relaxed, a wonderful place to sit and soak up the atmosphere.
Every time I go to this one in Urbana, the service gets worse. This time an older man was working the counter,.When my brother from out of town asked him about the sauce, the man pointed to the menu sign.
Beware - they lie! I've never used scuba equipment before, and they are supposed to be the experts. They are only experts at taking your money. You can not return any items. Too many people in the class. We had 2 people quit because they couldn't get assistance.
Their quailty stinks.  I paid $50 for a lamp and the switch broke 5 months later.  When you call, they say that they won't take it back after 90 days.  However, it you go to the store, they will give you a store credit.
Awesome!  Been living here a few weeks and have nothing but good things to say about the environment and amenities.  Nice that it's brand new and the lobby is very welcoming.
They made me pay before the food came it and added tip they did not earn forgot to out my order in I would NEVER come back. This is Vegas you give great service and earn your tip and don't mess up without fixing it.
Overpriced garbage. I would have actually bought something if the guy working there wasn't so rude. Terrible customer service. Do not waste your time!
Sad to report that there is no longer a poker room at this casino...\nEven if the rooms are updated, there is no \"draw\" for me to venture to this side of Fremont Street.
Only tried the huevos ala mexicana!  Great dish! Very authentic! Just enough hot to make your eyes and nose run but not so much that you can't breathe! \nSeem to be family owned. \nMan and woman in the back putting out some great looking dishes!
AWESOME place! The one and only \"bad\" thing is that it's ALWAYS super busy! Heh, so wait time is a bit longer. Other than that, this place rocks! Great food, great prices, friendly people.
Sometimes I wonder is Paisan's gets more business and rave reviews because of their lake view. Their pasta dishes are meh, I could get better pasta at olive garden or even make it myself. The cheese bread was also rather bland and disappointing.
Terrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow, over priced, I'll go elsewhere next time.
Come for the Thursday trivia, stay for the bar fights. Reasonably priced rotating Great Lakes tap is also a plus.
good service.  food was ok.  soup was not good.  souffle was GREAT!  also had the ravioli w/ox tail (eh) and foie gras risotto was ok.
I have been taking my family here for over a year. I love how great Dr. Nielson is with my kids and he has always made me feel at ease during my appointments and his staff is super friendly. I always used to dread going to the dentist but now it doesn't seem so bad.
Did an okay job on basic wash but I wouldn't go back because of their extremely uncomfortable waiting area.  There are very few places to sit and it looks pretty run down. I sat outside in the heat and was very uncomfortable. If they had a nicer place to wait I'd go back.
We came here twice and the first night was decent but the second night was awful.  Our food seemed like it was microwaved. The service was good, and that's why the got 2 stars instead if one. I suggest you try somewhere else if you have money you'd like to burn.
Excellent food quality and quantity.  Loved this experience.   Only suggestion is a \"smaller\" lunch for a smaller price.  $30 per person for a lunch seems spendy.   It was worth $30, but I couldn't come close to eating $30 worth for lunch.  Overall great experience!
Very hungry and was not particular.  I ordered the gyro pita. The meat was fattly (gristle) and cold. The tzaziki sauce was sour and veggies sparse.  I do not recommend this restaurant (even if your very hungry..:). Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
I wish i could actually give this place a better review. Food was good, but not great enough to have such bad service. It may very likely be the night I went, but no one seemed to apologize for long waits and missing our reservation for over 2 hours. Bar gets 5 starts though. Great wine by the glass list.
Great prices and convenient location
Do not go here!!! They ruined my mattress pad that I have previously gotten dry cleaned at another cleaners no problem. It was shrunk and holes in it! I took it to the manager and he said oh yes we have problems with this manufacturer. A bunch of bull!!!! If you want your stuff ruined go here.
I just came here to see the Blueman Group so I can't speak for the rooms but I just wasn't feeling the casino.
I stopped by for lunch.  Only have 30 mins so its nice to get a yummmy but quickly delivered ramen.  Thanks!
I am not sure why this theater is still open.  It requires a total overhaul.  I went for a show and I was turned off.  The place was very dirty, my shoe stuck to the floor, it smelled and I was bitten by a mosquito.  I do not recommend this place.
Tasty overall.   Good cheesesteak but a little pricey.   7.50 for a half sandwich with the works.  Add 2.50 for soda and fries.   Good philly memorabilia on the wall.
Formerly used this cleaners for a few years.  Friendly staff.  Limited english, but they get by.  The prices have went up while the service is average.  For me it nearly doubled in price.  There are better options out there.
Lacking in flavour...\nJust doesn't have the fresh taste...\nWere the cakes frozen?
Best Philly in Vegas. Great food,even the rest of the menu is delicious, much better than expected \"Bar Food\". Service is great and the beer is low priced and cold!!
One of the best luncheon spots I've been to. Great customer service & delicious meals. It's pretty expensive but the taste matches the price. \n\nI thought it was higher than 2 floors though & all the way at the top of the Eiffel Tower but it isn't. Still a great experience
sushi taste like the one from super market,  i have to ask refills couple of times, very poor service. The food itself is nothing amazing, or tasty, you are not missing anything besides a waste of your time.
Your drivers are good people. Your dispatch is an utter embarrassment to customer service.
Open 24/7 which is cool, but pretty expensive $30 bulgogi. For some reason the funk on their kim chi is stronger than a roadkill skunk but doesn't taste bad. If you order meat ask for well done, it coulda used some char.
Pizza was good, but the price was to much for a pizza. I do like that there's lactose free, gluten free options but $20 dollars for a pizza is too much.
Beautiful patio area that can't be beat. \n\nGreat food, generous portion sizes. \n\nI usually get their eggplant appetizer as a meal, but the pizza is really good too.
It's a Walmart. Friendly staff, clean, lively. \n\nLong lines. No Wifi in McDonalds.
Wonderfully unique dessert. Limon is a must have.
I didn't really enjoy this place.  Didn't like the vibe as well as other places within the MGM.  Service was really slow.  It seemed like it was trying to come accross as pretentious, but without anything to really back it up or make it truly spectacular.  Doubt we'll ever go back.
Fun little spot and had a blast here! It sure has changed a lot since the Aladdin was taken over.
I was visiting Charlotte this past week and asked the hotel to recommend a locally owned place for breakfast. Parkway House was where I was sent. It was about 10am in the middle of the week. The seating was open. Service was prompt and friendly. The food was good, filling and cheap. I would definitely go back.
Well, for starters I walk in and see my nail tech playing with her feet then proceeded to grab my hand without washing her hands. Terrible. Nails weren't that bad just not good either.
Miss Kelee's birthday, shaken ass whoop whoop... if it's your birthday, get some friends together for 3 dollar drinks when RSVP.     \n\nI tipped the DJ, had to remind him 2 hours later to play my song :-(
My little boy totally loves this place so we got an annual pass. Has a great local discount, its a small venue, but hey Vegas isn't known for its sea life! It's not in the Mandalay Bay, its near the convention center. I never go on the weekends, and I go first thing in the mornings too.
Horrible costumer service. Didn't even want to be bothered. Was rude and ignored me. Also very small store and not enough employees working. I was left holding my baby in her car seat for ever until i got help.
Good drinks one day. Great drinks another. Watered down drinks the 3rd day. That's why it got 3 stars. Wish I could have given it more. If go back though.
This is the best coffee i've had outside of New Zealand/Australia so it didn't surprise me to hear the baristas NZ/Oz accents. Even the best coffee houses in New York don't match these guys. We even made a second trip that afternoon across town during all the tram road works to get another one.
not much to look at but wow great food at reasonable prices. the Yakisoba noodles were to die for. nice people too. will go back again and again.
I have been going to sweet nails over 5 years and it feels like home.  Every technician does an amazing job, with a friendly attitude.
Beautiful people, tasty Brushetta, good wine all go well with the good weather.  No complaints, but this place could you an early acoustic jazz happy hour a little more regularly.  \n\nGreat place in the sun!
The food was not cooked well.. Priced too high for what you get.  Not a good value.... How sad!
Food is terrible, ambiance New Orleans decor, but not quite the right feel, service terrible, didnt have silverware for our appetizers, food took 25 min,  Strip prices, not really worth all the inconviniences.
Ill give it three stars for warm, edible food and a place to sit down.  The pizzas are highly forgettable but mostly edible and not overly expensive.  The service is lousy and everything is a bit dated, but its better than Pizza Hut or Sbarros!
HANDS DOWN THE MOST DISGUSTING AIRPORT EVER! It is dirty, smells and there is an overall mugginess to their air. I guess they count on everyone being drunk when they are there so they do not notice the filth.
My friends and I used to eat here a lot when we were poor starving students. When you're  in the middle of the hot desert and craving for some pho, take your caravan here. The menu is extensive; the prices are reasonable;  and the staff is friendly.
Romulo is a great photographer, he did a wonderful job with our family photos. He has unique talent to capture beautiful moments and makes you feel at ease. He offers great ideas, but also lets you be creative and involved. Wouldn't hesitate to hire him again.
good pizza great service i had the pasta and a pizza with meat ball they were both great
Decided to go here since we didn't know Diablos Cantina stopped serving food after 10, I'm really glad we came. The four of us decided on the sirloin medium well and it was delicious. Had a great view from the balcony outside, our server was really on point and super nice. Really enjoyed our meal here.
Great beer selection, and delicious food.
Nice bar, small. Outside with mister is relaxing. Prices were okay... Did a low carb salad with side of meatballs... Very willing to accommodate a custom dinner.
A lot of bikers come here, the outdoor section is the bomb but the food isn't so great.  Its a very diverse crowd that come here, lots of security and cops on the weekends.
Do not go see legends in concert here. 1 hour show, not worth the $$. Michael Jackson impersonator was great! But Elvis, Brittany spears, and rod Stewart not so good....  Would not waste the$$ to attend this!
This place is HOT! Soooo crowded during the dinner rush hours. The Salt & Pepper Squid was out of this wold. If you have a large group probably better to have a late dinner here. I definitely recommend this restaurant especially if you like being around a lot of hot people.
OK, go here!  This place is just plain fun, trust me.  And locals get a 2 dollar discount.  Take a gander at their pretty cool fish tank while you're there.
Good times.  Great for St. Patty's!!  Get in early to grab yourself a table and start collecting the celebratory plastic cups.
Great staff, great food, great atmosphere.  It's a must visit.
This place is awesome.  The service is par, but the food always tastes so amazing!  Every time I come here I have to order the super cup of the awesome  fries.  I recommend this place to everyone! My only suggestions is use the drive-through and then eat elsewhere.
I had a comped meal buffet here.\nThis is your typical las vegas buffet. But considering this is MGM GRAND, I really expected better...everything was dry and tasteless. The variety wasn't very appealing.\n\nThe service was good though, that was about it.
If you want to do ecstasy then this the place for you. This place is drug party central. It is so obvious!!! All the strippers and hookers hang out here. The music is good but the crowd and atmosphere is waaaaaay too shady for me. Not my cup of tea.
Don't go here at all even for an oil change. Went in for an oil change and they were trying to sell me a new water pump because mine was bad. Took my car down to the dealership and it checked out okay. Word of advice before getting anything done by Midas make sure you double check else where!!
I must say how things have changed. Karaoke on Thursdays, GONE! Lively atmosphere, GONE! Beer is still cold, that's good. This was our Thursday night hang out but I must say, not anymore :( oh and there were no specials. Hope they bring back the party on thursday night.
I'm dropping Rosati's a point because the prices are getting high.  We had a take out order of 2 jumbos and a large that was $70.  That's a lot for thin crust pizza.\n\nAt the current price levels, we will be eating at Rosati's a LOT less.
What a blast!\n\nIt was packed, but they are ready for it! Great selection of items.\n\nI had a hot beef sandwich ... awesome!\n\nCustomer service is great! \n\nMissed Jimmy Buffet by 2 days!
Great lunch spot. I love the diner look, and the good food comes out fast. 7 dollars for a combo is a bit pricey, but it's better quality than any of the fast food restaurants.
This is a fun park for dogs, but not humans.  People don't pick up after their dog, the water is really dirty and some of the owners freak out if two dogs bark at each other.  It just depends when you go sometimes you meet really nice people and other times you just want to grab your dog and leave right away.
Just plain old nasty food!  Gave it 3 chances since Oct 2012 and April 12, 2013 and they failed miserably each time! I'm just done at this point!
I tried the pizza here, and was kind of disappointed.  It wasn't bad, but based on the reviews and crowds, I expected much better.  Don't believe the hype.
Ok food. Service could have been better. Made reservations and still had to wait even though the place was empty.  Servers took way too long to come around. Cheesebread was ok. Other than that I wouldn't recommend it.
I love it here... Drive Thru is faster than most others and I can have my Venti Iced Quad Skinny Vanilla Latte in my mouth faster....
Very nice irish bar in Waterloo! Beer's not too expensive (about 15$ for a pitcher), good atmosphere. You have musicians coming to perform in the evening, it really adds a nice touch to the place.\nIt's a good pub to come when you're with friends!
Good food, service and ambience. The quantity is too much, therefore one cannot eat completely. I would suggest to serve small portions so that people like me would like to visit every week.  I ordered chimichanga burrito and enjoyed the food.
My husband and I went for Thanksgiving and the food was biblically tasty. The atmosphere, the service, the food quality and interior design is just NY in the Queen City. So wonderful! Go! Ignore people who don't give this place 5 stars.
One of my favorite Mexican places in the Arrowhead area!\nOrder the number 9 Chimi!
If you like small portions and indifferent service this is your spot.  Yawn.  I was very disappointed and expected so much more from chef Keller.
I worked here for a month and a half.  This place isn't what it's cracked up to be.  The place is clean, I will give it that, but it's definitely not my go to place for sandwiches.  They only offer cold sandwiches and the quality isn't that great.  I'd go other places.
We stopped here to eat before we went to the game. The food was EXCELLENT! The service was amazing as well. We had a mushroom burger, wings, sliders & fries. Everything was extremely tasty and the atmosphere was enjoyable and fun.
Wish I could give this place more than five stars. If you understand the concept of grass fed beef, this place will become your go-to butcher shop forever. Not a good location, small shop, but they do a fabulous job. Allison is the very best.
Poor service, worse food.
Scallop sliders! Enough said, great option for some quick clean protein while at town square waiting for that Genius Bar appointment
Taboule is great here..i have been looking for taboule in the valley for a long time..its perfect here..fast service, great for a quick healthy lunch..
One side of my family is Peruvian. I'm sorry, but this is NOT a good example of Peruvian food. I was excited to bring someone from out-of-state here and was so disappointed in the food. There are much better Peruvian restaurants than this in Charlotte, so try others first.
The service by our waitress Sally was amazing. She was friendly, efficient and made us feel like we were the most important people in the place.  Food came out fast and it was delicious. We will be back for sure...a lot
Idk what ppl are tripping , I like my place , they have been nothing but helpfull to me... I work nights and its quiet.. Besides for the garners one day of the week :)... I can deal with it ^^ overall good place to live
Looks and feel like 99c store, or $1 store with prices higher than at Macy's. You have to crawl between shelves. Do not go, do not waste your time.
Very unimpressive. Not good enough for the price. Get a carls $6 burger, it's worth $6. Bobby charges $10 for a $2 version of mcdonalds with frills.
Love this place.   Taking my boss to lunch I hope he enjoys it too!!  Guacamole is made right at table, and to did for.. Portions are large and it appears that everything is made fresh daily.  I would definitely recommend the margaritas... But not today because I'm with the boss..
Great service, free peanuts, wings were delicious, lots of interesting people and they had awesome live music.  Very cool place, check it out.
I went here for lunch with a client, expecting a lot.  I mean, It is Eddie's, and he has been around a long time.  I am sad to say I was quite disappointed in the food.  It was mediocre at best, and it was expensive for what we ordered.
Not that good.
This place is great, but remember its a farm.  We just love it and staff is always helpfull.  Looking forward to participating in their other activities.
Best PIZZA in the valley!  I knocked them down because they only serve soft drinks in bottles & had no diet cola drinks.
Awesome food and awesome service.  Build one in my neighborhood.
Great food and service! Everyone is super friendly and the place is cute and clean. First time here but won't be our last. We were looking for a great breakfast place and found one!
Tried to use a VPP number and the finance guy tried to tell me he was giving me a better deal than the VPP price! Sales guy was a good guy but won't go back!
Meh, not the \"best\" by far concerning the pizza. Like the fresh tomatoes but lacking in flavor from the other toppings. Maybe it's cause the crust is too heavy. There are better options especially in scottsdale.
Looks nice but you will pay for it. Way to expensive for what you get. No worries many options to choose from near by. They scream about being local but they really dont partner with local businesses. Save a bunch by just crossing the parking lot or even the street. Just look both ways first.
This bakery is over-priced for mediocre pastries. The banana nut muffin was dry and the carrot cake was just okay and didn't have real cream cheese frosting. It was that weird whipped frosting stuff that is used on grocery store cakes. It actually tasted just like what you would find at the grocery store.
My son and I stopped in nice cuts today I was very pleased with the service we received are haircuts turned out great Eli was very pleasant and did a great job even trimmed my beard put lotion on my neck and a shoulder massage what more could you want from a haircut place I would recommend them highly good job guys thank you very much Chris Adams
It was ok. I have defiantly had better Italian!  Service was great and the atmosphere was great but the food was just ok.  Probably won't go there again.
I like smoothies at 3 in the morning, so I like Tropical Smoothie.  I like the Sunrise, Sunset made with Splenda and whey protein.  Yum.
Would give a zero, this Indian lady wants to talk on the phone more then help customers and was quick to say \"my computer is down\" popcopy!
I waited for an hour to get my hair highlighted I had previously called and said I was coming in and then it was my turn to be next and they took somebody else in front of me and told me to wait another 20 minutes.
My absolute favorite restaurant in the area.   Great menu that rotates on occasion.   The food is seriously great!
Best pizza in Phoenix. The ZBQ is so good. I normally order a half ZBQ half pepperoni and ricotta pizza. Always fresh. And delivery time is quick. There's no reason to go anywhere else for pizza. I love this place.
Service was nice and friendly. Food was bland and tasteless. Seems like a place for a much older crowd.
Opening Day and it was tasty and fun. Love the open windows and skylight dining area
Excellent lunch buffet.  Amazing food.  Great service.  Clean.  Reasonably priced. Kids had never tried Indian food until today and LOVED it.  Will definitely be back!
Service and fries are  where they excel.  We have been there 5 or 6 times and that's what stands out.  I like their burgers but the rest of the menu items are not too good.  Not a place I am compelled to visit often.
The service and atmosphere was first rate and the food was very tasty.  We have enjoyed  Mon Ami Gabi in other cities but this location definately stands out.
I've tried to like this place, but just haven't really ever had a good meal here.\n\nIt's a bit grungy every time I go in, and the burritos are usually dry and flavorless.\n\nIt wasn't even good after 14 beers.
This was the third time I ate there.  The quality of food was not as good as it used to.  The fruits are not fresh and the meat dishes are greasy.  Well, what you cannot complaint is the price, which is cheap and the dining area is clean.
this place seemed weird with the 3 double beds i had in my room.  the room was clean enough and parking was plenty.
I know it's Burger king but still.  All I ask is that my food be hot. If not hot, at least warm.\n\nAirport food is expensive and I realize that. \n\nDon't eat here unless you like cold food and self service coffee that is warm.
Totally disappointing casino.  With a name like hooters you expect a little more showmanship in the casino floor.
It's taco bell. The food is okay! They are open till 1:00 am and they can replace meat with beans which is good for vegetarians!\n\nThey have both Pepsi and Dr peppers in case you care for any of that.
Good coffee, but no souvenir Charlotte coffee mugs?  What gives, Starbucks?  My wife needs things to spend money on!
A very limited menu and small space, but that's all you need. This is glorious soup and noodles in a bowl, and not much else, which is absolutely fine. The best ramen in Las Vegas. They're all pretty good, but the spicy miso ramen is probably my favorite.
Historic Institution filled with the coolest cars you've ever seen. Great service, good prices, cool guys. 5 *'s.
Great atmosphere. Nice crowd. Good place to meet friends.
We like Rubios every time my cousin comes into town. But this location always smells like raw sewage inside. It is disgusting. Nobody wants to eat at a place that smells like that. It is an on again off again situation. You never know if the smell is going to be there or not when you walk in.
Not good... Bad service, the food is not gpod, my pasta was so sweet... Anyways I vote that this restaurant gets into kitchen nightmare series by Gordon Ramsey!!!! Enough said, skip this place
I ordered food that I believed was gluten free.  Within twenty minutes I started to have symptoms and was sick for two days.  I believe that my food may have been gluten free but that cross contamination caused my problem.  I had the same experience at another Pittsburgh Olive Garden restaurant and so am concluding that they may not be careful with cross contamination.
The food was fresh and flavorful. The only thing I didn't like was my meat had more fat than meat. I would give it another try.
Headed here yesterday in search of a food mill.  Although they didn't have one, they were super helpful in suggesting places that might.  The place is orderly, clean and the staff was very friendly.
I was in Mesa for a business trip a month or so ago. Figured id give this a try as a steak sounded delicious but i was without a car to get around. Absolutely loved it, and i had my food both nights within 40 minutes. Will definitely order from here again if I'm back in town.
I ordered room service from here and the food was cold! It was good none the less but next time have it hot!
Been here once for lunch on a weekday and thought the food was tasty and portion was just right. Quick and efficient service as well.\n\nDefinitely will be visiting here again... I will follow up with a more detailed review once I explore Malaysian cuisine more.
I heard from Michael with AHR, and he was very apologetic about the service experience that we had with them. He even refunded the cost of the un-needed fix since the unit was determined to be bad. His efforts did a lot to repair our faith.
Had an initial detail and bi-weekly washes. Went well for a couple months and then they stopped showing up. On that day I had left the cover off my car, and by the next day the sprinklers got to it, rendering the $200 detail completely ruined.
Great place fresh food. Awesome ambiance
Wasn't fantastic. Definitely overpriced for what it was... service was horrible.... we were the ONLY people in there and it took forever... would we go back? \n\nNope.
Very friendly staff. Food is processed and bland and drinks are kinda pricey for what you're getting. It's kinda cool inside but not the best Mexican.
Very Bland! There is nothing outside of Trader Joe's that I would go back for. All the anticipation Epic Fail! I was hoping this place were nicer on the grounds Town square has you beat as far as astetics.
Phenomenal space. This was a fabulous venue for hanging out at the bar with friends. Did not sample the food this time around though.
I am never coming here again. For the price we paid, we could have had a much better meal and gambling money leftover.\n\nBland and tasteless.\n\nYou can come the first time to collect miniature jars of ketchup and tabasco sauces if you'd like.
If you want to spend $12 for generic food this is it. Nothing is fresh. I ordered the Hot Juan omelette, it comes with canned jalapenos, tostitos salsa, and deep fried frozen potatoes. It's really sub par.
Average across the board!! The food wasnt bad but it was bomb.com or what I was expecting from some of the reviews!!
Nothing special... service is always sooooooooooooooooooo slow.  Every time I've been I've ended the meal by thinking to myself I wish I had gone anywhere else.
Nothing like a late dinner cheese quesadilla with spicy enchilada sauce... Robertos style.  Always friendly  good prices here.
The gyro was alright. Found two hairs in my fries before starting them. \n\nWonder how many were in the sandwhich I ate\n\nNasty.
All looked good until their advertised hours weren't what they say they are.  If you are hungry they stop serving food early so don't go! And they even closed the kitchen 15 minutes before that! Bad customer service.
Went here for Pho after I was feeling a little under the weather. The pho was decent, price and quality. The pork sausage spring rolls are actually uncooked rolls which I always thought were called summer rolls. The broth was ok, but location was good and would consider going again if I was in town.
Deep fried goodness with an amazing selection & attentive service.  I'm a huge fan & I usually don't like fried food!  I will be back!
Service was good. Pepper steak was terrible. How do you make fried rice so bad??
Presentation of wings look good but are not seasoned I guess if you like the taste of charcoal there goes
Went for a special event to meet Coach Ditka. Fantastic pork chops with this amazing side sauce. Also the mashed sweat potatoes rock! Not the best filet I've ever had... But a good cook, sear and all. Good atmosphere!
This review is only for TI Buffett , not worth the $23.95 per person unless you can get the 2x1 coupon do not waster your money on this Buffett . Lame lame lame pathetic pathetic pathetic.... Enuf said
20 Minute wait per dish. Never coming here again. Food is decent but if it takes this long who is going to wait. I got sick of waiting I left in the middle and went to a different restaurant. You CANNOT make people wait this long and expect people to be happy.
Sushi is not the best but wow can I eat a lot for a little. I like that you can have so many different types in one meal unlike other sushi restaurants where you have to order a whole roll. \nTruth is it is great sushi for the price and I keep coming back.
very depressing! I guess Hilton dumped it for good reason.
Great food, excellent atmosphere. Weird shopping center, but once you've found it, you'll know. Great stuff!
I've only been here for breakfast but I'm sure the rest of the menu is just as good. Items are healthy and ingredients are fresh.  A bit on the pricier side but you get what you paid for.
The Chicken Feta is phenomenal.  Everything on the Veg Platter is probably the finest example  that you will find on North America.  This is the place to go for Middle Eastern in the Valley - or in the States for that matter!
Best Lobster Ravioli I have ever had.
This is usually a good spot for good food and reliable service. Tonight everything was dirty..Napkins, silverware, plates and glasses..Hopefully they will correct this.
This was my first time eating the food from here and I have to say it was delicious And the owner is super friendly. I had them deliver to my work and it got here super fast and the food was still hot. I will be ordering from here again
Food was good, the service was friendly, and the place was clean.  The amount of time for the food to arrive seemed a little long based on the amount of people in the store.  They were not busy, but could have been faster.  Next time ill try the $6.99 special.
They have the most colossal flapjacks at this famous old-fashioned Near Westside breakfast dive catering to the diehard Badger fans.  Students flock here from miles around on weekend mornings to nurse their achy hangover heads back to health over a massive plate of grub and a cup of strong coffee.
So I went here bcuz my car was running hot they were nice.checkd it out and had me on my way n lil over an hr
I wish CVS was out here in Colorado! They got a great grocery section, pharmacy section and more! Everything was crisp and clean and the self checkouts worked without a hitch and nothing was run down! With the praise I am giving it these are things that are not seen in Northern Colorado! Lol!
Food was delicious my husband and I really enjoyed ourselves...food...decor...staff...everything was wonderful...our waitress Shannon was great...thank you For the great experience.
I have had a couple repairs done there. They were quick and kept me updated in the process. Most importantly the car looks great. I would recommend them everyone.
We bought a Groupon and my husband went there for a lunch date and were told the groupons were only good after 3 but they made an exception anyways, the food was wonderful, huge portions and great staff
This place is just average when it comes too buffets, nothing really stands out. A decent quality meal at a little too high of a price.
U.S. Airways has a major hub here and its very clean and modern, makes you want to cry when you come back to Los Angeles.
The foods are good but the services are extremely slow, water never gets refill. We waited 10mins to get served, then the foods comes very slow too. If you rush to a movie, don't pick this one althought it is beside guzzo. So so!
They bang out good food. Waitress was very friendly. Definitely dine here again.
Tasty, fresh, unique, and delish! Cant go wrong!! Try the Bachi Fish and make your taste buds happy!!\n\nNote, both restaurants can get really busy during normal lunch/dinner times, plan enough time.
The food price was fair the sashimi wasn't so fresh and a little dry. The food want bad it was just an average experience. The people were friendly. The spicy scallop roll I thought was good, it was very spicy which I like.
Awesome place, very hip.
Ordered delivery and of course they get the order wrong after correcting him twice on the phone.  Food pretty much sucked. Would not call it authentic or fresh. Burritos were dry. Your better off going to taco bell.  Never will go here again.
So from 3-7pm Monday's- Saturday's, I'm freakin in love with this place!  Yes, that's during happy hour.  This place is amazing for happy hour.  I can't speak for any other times during the day.  =)
Best pork poutin ever had in Montreal! \nThe appetizer of colorful taco plus chicken and cheese is joyful. Pork rib with green salad is also pretty good!
the food was good. beans are delicious. however portions are too small (compared to black bear where I usually do breakfast)the service was ok.
Great tasting Chinese and Thai dishes! They have an extensive menu and their food isn't nearly as oily as other Chinese take-out/ delivery places I've been to- they even have a 'healthy menu' which has fresh steamed options instead of fried or sauteed.
Some of the tables are sticky and dirty. Make sure bring cash coz they don't take credit cards.
Interesting brew house in Vegas suburbs.  It has a chainy type of feel, but usually has quite a following.  There is indoor and outdoor seating.  The food is American comfort food.  They are tasty, but predictable.  The star are the beers.  There are too many to count.  The place is great for a large group of people.
they lost my reservation and i smelled terrible after.  was not impressed with service in the bar.  not going back.
Horrible place, watered down rum and coke, rancid grease and nasty management. Chad the floor manager discriminated against my service animal by asking to see her vest and identification, illegal by state and federal laws. \"You! Sit at the back of the bus.\"
This place is AWESOME! No complains from me here, the food, service, beer and atmosphere is great. Multiple Ty's, good size bar and the wait was minimal for a Saturday night though it was Spring Training and a NASCAR race was in town. Highly recommended!
First time. Got the gyro salad, extra feta, extra tzatziki. Highly recommend.  \n\nNot many seats, but no problem this sat afternoon.
I really do like this place!  My sister made me a fan and I try and go there every morning if I can!  The price is very reasonable and the coffee is good!  I love that they chit chat with you while they are making your drink and send you off on your way!  \n\nGood job Dutch Bros!
Fast delivery, decent prices, you get a lot for you dollar, but i cant recommend this pizza, way way too greasy. I don't even understand how you can like this...
I LOVED the decor in this place, and they give out sweets, drinks and play girly movied like Clueless and Legally Blonde all day! So cute and right up my alley. The staff was nice and I love the concept, what a fun girly treat :)
Horrible service, if you are going to announce your restaurant in the radio, you better have the man capacity to handle it. I'm Peruvian, this kind of restaurant shows a horrible first impression if our country. Specially when you bring friends.
Very unprofessional.  Very rude and condescending on the phone.  I would never hire such a rude person.
Great selection of brews. Friendly staff. Located on Fremont Street. Finally some quality beer on Freemomt that isn't craptastic BudLight or similar pisswater.
In last two months I had to fly to Phoenix AZ, I rented from two other rental companies, the amount was always a lot more then when I reserved the car, but with SixT it was the exact amount, a shock. I am going to rent from SixT next time I need a rental.
Its a racket.
It's Americanized chinese food. Greasy, delicious, perfect way to sop up a hangover. \n\nI'm hungover as balls, so I'm actually going here now to get delicious fried dumplings, then returning home to vomit and pass out on my floor.
Cant recommend the buffalo chicken or bacon chicken wraps my wife and I just ate. The buffalo has very little heat and is no where close to the traditional flavor you expect. The Bacon chicken wrap was bland. The banana pepper appetizer was on point though - good stuff.
I would like to thank all of you for sharing your opinion about Paranormal. \nI appriciate that you chose Paranormal for your entertainment in Las Vegas !!!
Oh, baked almond torte, how I love you. Why, though, must you be so caloric!?!  It distresses me that I must save you for special occasions.
Its a UPS store.  Nothing great or terrible to report.  Prices are average for UPS and fedex.  A little steep, but thats what they are known for.  We came here to get a document notarized.  Staff is friendly and fast.  Will come back occasionally when i need to.
Not my favorite chain but they do have the bestest salsa. :) Service is a bit lax and the food can be touch and go but can't miss with the salsa.
While I'd weigh 400 lbs (or more) again, I could honestly eat here weekly and be SOOOO happy with life!  The food was decent for the price you pay...and I didn't get sick :-)  ROCK ON!
The fried chicken wings are good.  The rest?  Below par Chinese MSG.  I might get some wings sometime, but the rest of the food is below mediocre.
I ordered food for pick up. They really skimp on cheese and toppings. They must be so cheap. The pizza tasted like cardboard. I am not sure how they stay in business. And the person giving kudos to management is probably his relative or something, horrible stay away
Very dissappointed to find that they substantially lowered that qualities as well as quantaties when I drop by last Monday! And dont go there on working days since they dont have unlimited wines or lobsters on that days--this embrassed me a lot as I brought my friends here for these!
Very poor service. We had to repeat our order at least 4 times and they still got the order wrong they where very slow.
Had heard good things.  Very disappointed.\n\nNoisy restaurant (music too loud) with poor ambiance.  Boneless Ribeye steak ($40) was fatty and stringy.\n\nWine selection can be found anywhere.\n\nWon't be coming back
I had heard so much about this place that I wanted to try it out. It was sooooo crowded and you had to fight to get a table. Everything tasted great going down but it wasn't very filling and it did bad things to my stomach. Let's just say I tried it.
The foods not for fast food Chinese. It's not as greasy as some that I've had before, so it passes.
I don't play golf but had lunch with a friend here.  The grounds and view is breath taking.  Especially this time of year.  We thought the food was so good.  The service was great.  They really care about the customers and made us feel very welcome.  Great place for catching up with an old freind.
I love everything about this place!  The loco moco is as good as you get in Hawaii.  The cake options here are also awesome.
Ambiente und essen ist gut. Aber lange wartezeiten, oft sind manche nudeln aus. Die preisleistung finde ich nicht gut gerade wenn man eine extra zutat wie rinderfilet noch dazu nimmt.
We've been coming here for about two years and have alway enjoyed their flavors & gelato.  They are child friendly and the folks behind the counter seem to a happy bunch.  Enjoy!
Fantastic food, esp. amazing steak tartare, one of the best I ever had included the many French ones!
This is a D*Bag hot spot!! If you're a D*Bag or the Hot Chicks who bafflingly flock to the, you will LOVE this place!!\n\nWorkers, mind the elevator security.
Service was bad but Manager made up for it with free dessert.  Food was ok.  I have had better ar other locations.  I may give them another chance.
Grabbed a bite on our way to the park. Got a mushroom and spinach pizza and chicken tenders covered in hot sauce.\n\nThe hot sauce was good, but the pizza was just ok...
Looks like a nice place, but their public hours are not accurately posted on their website. We arrived at their stated open time, but were turned away because the public hours don't start until 11. Fortunately Pump It Up was less than 2 miles away, so the kids' disappointment didn't last long.
I love this place, I always see Andy for my pedicures and gel manicures and every time my nails look amazing! All of the staff is very friendly and accommodating, I will not go anywhere else!
Horrible.  My husband and I are trying to vomit in order to feel better after eating dinner there tonight.  The green chili enchilada may have been rancid!  The waitress was nice and the salsa was good, but that doesn't make up for the way that I physically feel after eating there!
Terrible salad as lettuce was wilted a bit.  Steak was so filled with marbleing that it was ineatable.  The cup of water was good.
Two people working returns on the day after Christmas crazy had to wait 20 minutes for an exchange with only two people in front if me!! Will not return unless forced to return a gift!
Old school in the best sense of the word!  Superior quality, great service, friendly team. Cash only means cost stays low.  My car hasn't been that clean in a long time ;). And I wasn't expecting them to detail it.  Great to know there are still businesses like this around!
The pho broth wasn't that flavorful.  The tendon, however, was pretty tender.  Lots of noodles and meat though.
Overall good experience, the food was good and reasonably priced. Did not drink any of the beer because I was too hungover, but the people around me seem to enjoy them. Would recommend to anyone who wants a nice place to eat and drink downtown.
Nice, but not wonderful, selection of beer. The Guinness BBQ sauce covered wings were very good. The Caesar salad good, but also nothing special. The live music from the Killian's Angels was very good.
Definitely one of my favorites have been here several times - have not had anything\n I don't like.  Would go back just to have the Bananas Foster!!  Absolutely delicious!
My best friend loves this place and I really cannot understand why. Every time we have gone, the customer services is awful. They are rude and take forever! They always get the check wrong! She loves the food, I find it to be mediocre. Not bad but not good. Nothing special. Though the prices are reasonable.
Fun little place to just explore and TRY so many different samplings.    The staff was great and super friendly!  The lemon cupcakes were AMAZING!!!  \n\nLittle tip:  buy a baguette to try all the great olive oils and tapenades
The modern art need more illustration for visitors to understand and the space is not well used. It can be more abundant. There is a whole floor is introducing the firebird, but no exact place was listed it had been displayed.
Die besten Margheritas in Las Vegas. Man sollte die Perfect Margherita probieren. Einfach genial. Alle Speisen sind sehr schmackhaft und nicht teuer. Sehr nettes Personal. Abends geht die Post ab
The restaurant was Ok, nothing really to write home about especially when you figure in the pricing of it. The fact that I think a grocery store soup and salad at a Whole Foods is better. Thats just the deal.
decent steak, green beans were very good and the peppercorn sauce for the steak was also good.  Overall it was a good dinner, just not great and \nnot justifiable for the prices.
Restaurant was closed this evening due to our group renting the entire place for our sales convention. Fixed menu. Everything was excellent and flavorful, flank steak, potatoes mushrooms. Just not enough to go around the table.
I have been here a couple times to eat inside their family restaurant.  They run a great business. Their food is great I love the yellow coconut curry at a level 10! I get their food to go all of the time. They are quick and easy to communicate with.
This place is so awesome! Eat and drink in a theatre!? Coolest idea ever!
The Grand Spa is not to be overlooked.  Pay the extra $15 (M-Th) or $25( weekends) to be fully pampered.  The ambiance is relaxing and the facility is gorgeous.  Staff are attentive and accommodating.  Loved it!
Big screens. Horribly dirty... I don't even want to set my purse on the nasty seat next to me. We watched people exit the theater with cleaning supplies, but walked in to litter covered floors and trash in cup holders. Yuck
I hate to do this because I don't want to be negative but the service is terrible.  Late and inconsistent frequently.  I understand mistakes but not repeatedly.  Sorry.  :(  If you want to gamble on timeliness and quality service then these are your guys.  Caution!
A great afternoon spot!!!  Cheap 2-for-1 specials most days (not nights), plus they have beer pong.  This is a good spot for a large group, and to find serious day drinkers.  Bartenders are very helpful as well.
Great experience!
Impressed with this strip mall alley dive bar. I love the Hoot Owl! Best part they have extremely clean restrooms for men and woman. Great service and great deals!
Terrible service all around. Been put on hold multiple times for a simple question. They don't care about their customers one bit.
Unfortunately, this location is going out of business. I have been going here for years. It's not a huge location, but they have a decent location.
Really good chips and freshly made tacos! Great find in container park !
If you like rocking out to Ice, Ice BABY and BABY GOT BACK  Then this is the place for you.
I am not a vegetarian but I am a big fan! Not your typical Indian restaurant with its Chicken curry dishes and so on. A lot more interesting South India cuisine. The place is not fancy but the owner is really nice and the food really interesting! Went there 4 times in the last 2 months and the experience is consistent.
Pizza is very good, havent tried anything else yet, however their service is just as bad as most new yorkers, they charge 50CENTS for refills! bunch of cheapskates! only on the strip you can get away with that!
Sorry, the food was just horrible.  Ribs bad, penne pasta really bad, kids portions entirely to small and bad.  Veggie burger was pretty good.  All that bad and overpaid to boot.  The baked creamy corn side may have been the worst thing to ever touch my lips!
Points for variety-- but nothing was done very well.. Not the place to go for sushi-- although the seafood was pretty good, fresh. Much better seafood restaurant options available in the Aria complex. It was satisfying food, but disappointing because I heard so much hype about Las Vegas buffets this was nothing special.
The bread was good.
Was kind of skeptical after reading the yelp reviews. My fiance and I decided to go in and try dinner there and was extremely surprised. Our hostess and server were amazing and super friendly and on the ball.  We had the street tacos and they were delicious!
This place was horrible! Customer service and the food. I specifically asked for fresh fries and I got my food and my fries were cold. So I told the shift manager and she said she would replace them for me but it took 15 min. FYI the bathroom was very dirty.
I'm new in town and also a hairstylist. Mallory did the best haircut that I've had in yrs. !!! Thank you and most certainly will be back !!
Seeking an investor and keeping the well established business open seems like a better alternative in my eye. Giving up doesn't seem fit.
I keep coming to this restaurant to be disappointed by mediocre food, mediocre service and mediocre ambiance.  There are too many fabulous restaurants out there to choose this one again.
I did not feel welcome and during my eye exam Dr. Quaranta was on FACEBOOK! Not even joking about that, and I am completely disgusted at how unprofessional it is. I did not feel like a patient that he was interested in retaining; I felt rushed in and rushed out. What an uncomfortable experience.
If H &M, Forever 21, or Gap failed you due to seeing someone else wearing the same outfit. This place is your new best friend.
Cool place. Very good ambiance for a date if you sit outside. Wine selection is good/fun, but not extraordinary. Food has always been pretty tasty.
Typical steak chain restaurant that is overpriced.  Save your time and money and eat at one of the many fine independent French restaurants in Montreal.
Forgettable food, drink, and atmosphere.  Friendly service though and easily accommodates midsized to larger parties which suited our needs.
Not only do the burgers range from regular to fancy schmancy, but this is a great casual spot to meet with friends!
Update: I emailed the manage to tell him about my experience, he never even bothered responding to my email. We will never be back.
It's difficult to screw up a blizzard, but this location did. Lots of vanilla soft-serve with a miniscule amount of mix-ins don't make for a good blizzard. Especially when I ordered a strawberry cheesequake. If I only wanted vanilla I would have ordered that. Major disappointment.
IHOP.  Funny waiters. Great place to bring the family. I recommend anyone to go and eat their breakfast platters.
After bouncing back and fourth between different cigar shops in town, I'm certain that this location is my favorite. They always seem to be better stocked than everyone else, and the staff is very helpful.
Tried this restaurant out and very happy.  Good was great and service was even better.  We'll be back.
Only came because i had a coupon. All 3 subs came out cheesy. REAL CHEESY. I had a veggie sub that was 90%  cheese.  Wont be back......
The guy working there was nice.\nTheir food is not great at all.\nThere is a full bar, which is nice.\nThere is nothing on draft (all bottles).\nBut they accept credit cards, so that is good.
1 star for the fries that keep me coming back like a bad itch. Plus one more for the 24 hour bit - for the pure entertainment watching people passed out over their booth. Awesome.
Excellent shakes and soda drinks. The atmosphere is authentic 50's and the food is very good.  i have eaten their a few times and enjoyed the burgers and chicken smothered dinner. large servings!
I had the general thao chicken and some fried rice and it was very good
Yukkkkkk-Oh-La. The ribs were so hard, dry and over cooked I couldn't chew them. I gave up, paid the bill and will never go back.
Found this grooming salon on yelp and all the positive reviews I had to take my pups. I have a yorkie and a pitbull who came back to me so happy. They have great associates who actually take the time to play with your dogs and make sure you are satisfied with their grooming.
The grilled stuff is highly recommended. Tried grilled chicken gizzard, beef tongue, chicken skin and grilled fish, all pretty good!
Excellent service and very attentive. Had the loaded fries and grilled chicken sandwich, which were both good. Solid bar food.
Service was great but other than that the meal was very average. \n\nMy meal contained several hairs. I also requested it without mayonnaise but it came with mayonnaise. \n\nThe rose wine was nice and my boyfriend enjoyed the beer he ordered.
It has realllllyyyy good soup at an affordable price! The chorizo Stromboli was also great!
As mentioned below - and being as close as they are to the Phoenix megalopolis - they need to supervise the range very carefully - but even so, and as experienced as I am, the scene makes me very uncomfortable.  It can be very intimidating and a real turnoff to someone who is relatively new.
Best poutine in Montreal.... so many choices :))) miam miam
We order from here almost every week, they have the best pizza!! We always get a large pie! Fresh ingredients you can taste, non greasy! Love it!
Great theater !!! Absolutely beautiful .. Live the seating ... Seen Book of Mormon here !!! Loved it
The menu is small but it's all good fresh with excellent quality. The owners are there and are very friendly. The pho is the best I have taste. This is a must stop
Awesome food, fast service, friendly waitstaff, great atmosphere... What more could you ask for!!!
Food was pretty good. Serving sizes were pretty big and quality of food was not worthy of the high prices. Waiters and ambience was nice though. Vegetarians should go somewhere else.
Next to city Thai this is one of my fav spots.  That being said don't hate Grish but this place has the most velvety (as if this is a real word) Khao soi.  Short ribs Thai dish.
Love this place - nothing like browsing sexy $3,500 bikes while you wait for your Americano. Nice strong coffee (most of the time.)\n\nPluses: great coffee, friendly staff, unique approach to business\n\nMinuses: coffee quality varies by server, very limited food case.
This little Taiwanese place had the best Spicy Beef Noodle soup I've tried in Las Vegas.
good sports bar atmosphere - VERY clean - Friendly staff - AMAZING FOOD - recommend the Wild West Burger, which was on of the best burgers I have ever had.  Good daily and weekly specials at $1-2 prices
We've had takeout and delivery, and it's good pizza!  Woodfire oven baked goodness!  Definitely will continue to frequent this shop - especially on nights we're too pooped to cook for ourselves.  So glad to have them around!
Went again to this place last night. ab fab agian. went up singing songs, drinking, dancing, it can not get anybetter.
Nice red velvet cupcake with cream cheese icing, but all the cupcakes had too much icing - sugar and fat overdose!! The guava and cheese pastry wasn't great.
Not bad, if you like low quality, pre-prepared school cafeteria lunch food. Make sure you ask which dish has the surprise plastic wrap hidden in it. If you find it, you're the night's winner! And the plastic is your prize!
I love this place. I've always found the staff cheerful and well informed.
I have never been disappointed by the food here. This Postinos location is my favorite mostly because the staff is always friendly. If you want a great meal, great wine or beer in a trendy and upbeat atmosphere then this Postinos would be my first recommendation every time.
The best Chinese restaurant in the area ( but not the best Asian restaurant lol), the  place is classier then most and the food is quite good for the price. Can't get enough of the Kung pao chicken!!!
This place is awesome!  Everything is made from scratch and the taste is out of this world!  Very wallet friendly & completely fresh food!  Highly recommend!  I've eaten there 3 times and love it!
Waste of money!!! Tee boxes are trashed and I've seen better greens at putt putt!
Best pizza ever made!\n\n-Austin Matthews
Food and service were excellent. We tried about 9 different things, all very good. My favorites were the Yellowtail Cold sashimi appetizer and the Spicy Tuna over crispy rice. Our server, Sheila, was friendly and knowledgable.  All the servers were efficient in clearing our empty plates immediately. Would definitely recommend and return.
Great choice of champagne and bubbles, very pleasant and helpful service.\n\nI recommend this place to every champagne lover visiting Old Montreal - \"Le plaisir commence ici' :).
Its your typical taco bell ...but\n\nIf you use the drive thru expect a heavy unpleasant odor..and the few times i've gone..they've gotten my order wrong..or took forever
QT has some of the most high quality gas around, and there are always open pumps. The selection of snacks inside is very good. The only thing I wish they hadn't done is replace the frozen vanilla drink with horchata. But them adding the cafe makes up for it.
We literally stood in the entrance for 15min and the hostess never showed up as people kept piling in. And the security staff standing there gave no explanation as to why NO ONE was present to seat people. Just stood there. So we left. I can see why it has such low ratings...
I was so sad when I learned Bloom was changing to Food Lion.  Not a fan of them removing some of the products, and not a fan of the new layout either.  I go here because its close and still cheaper than Harris Teeter, but I definitely can't buy all my groceries here because of the lack of selection.
TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE does not cover the time we had. What a horrible start to what was to be a very special evening for my daughters 21st birthday. Never will I recommend this place.
This place has been quite a few different \"sports\" bars . I think the new owners finally figured Gilbert out ! The food is fantastic , especially the Mac Shack . Amazing variety of beer that changes frequently . We had great service every time by either Trish or Rachel . We will definitely be coming often !
Best Mexican food in town -- the fact that it is healthy is a bonus (that is if you can resist those warm chips)! I've never been disappointed and have been a customer for 17 years!
The first time I went to a restaurant without checking in with my fellow yelpers. Of course the food was bad 1 star. The staff were great 5 stars. The wait to be seated the wait for the food to come out 2 stars..  Definitely not the place I would go back.
When I was living in Edinburgh I ate here on a weekly basis. Beautiful, fresh pies that are wonderfully priced and very filling! They also have really great donuts and a few other types of sweets.
Very plush inside, over staffed the night we were there, but good to know the owner is providing some hours, rather than sending everyone home on a slow night.  food is good, average to a wee bit high priced.  Good place for a romantic dinner, and there is something very unusual about the bathrooms here...
Li and Anna to a great job on fills. Everything else is okay, nothing special. Lousy TV and mags, so bring your own entertainment.
I went here for the food and it was horrific. I guess I did it wrong because I didn't get champagne or tea. I got coffee lol. It was pretty good coffee though but the breakfast burrito sucked. A lot of food, but gross. On to the next one.
OMG this guy is absolutely amazing I called him to make sure that he could fix my phone and I drove down and he was done within 10 minutes. My phone screen is crystal clear everything works just the same I would recommend this guy and this company to anyone hands-down.
My fav BBQ place! You can't beat the loaded baked potatoes and pulled pork sandwiches. Also, root beer cake and gourmet bottled soda. I love taking the kids and big groups here since they have great outdoor seating and lots of big tables.
Good pizza.  Expensive.  I ate at the bar and had 50% off both beer and a pizza and felt that the discounted price was a food value and would do it again.  A welcome choice in that general location of Vegas.
$30 cover charge for a female?  $$$!  Was alright.  Three tiers of dance floors, bars, and seating.  Mostly good vibe of clientele.  Light up foam sticks given to the occasional random club-goer to pump up the mood.  Was not a fan of that pricey cover charge though...
Iced soy latte for $5 with chunks of spoiled dairy product stuck to bottom of glass.  Unclear if soymilk went bad or they served me spoiled leftovers from another order.
Great service, fast lunch on a work day.
Great meals, great service, not the usual menu, and quite unassuming. Fantastic place for something nice and reasonably priced.
Not bad... better than panda but not by much. Their \"fried\" rice that comes with the lunch special is hardly fried. Tastes like they poured soy sauce over white rice stirred it and called it good. The bbq pork chow mein wasn't horrible.
Best donuts ever!
This place seems awesome so far. Good atmosphere, good shakes. It's 2:00 pm on a Saturday and it's been almost an hour since we ordered our food. Still waiting. Hopefully it's good. Food review to follow.
The best coffee I have ever had ! I recomend the Sumatran if you like the rich dark coffee but my very fav was the Brazillian. \nNow they have sangria and some other drinks in the evenings , the food is great,very friendly staff and patio with heat makes for a nice cozy place for a date.
Not the best place. Sure, it's good for a quick bite for those who aren't too selective, but you can find much better pizza elsewhere. The pizza just isn't that impressive. Too greasy, and pretty bland, to be honest. It wasn't terrible, but I regretted ordering from this restaurant.
Very good food!!  I enjoyed the experience and friendly atmosphere. I also was lucky enough to see the Fred Astaire Dance Studio as I was leaving and stop inside. I have been very happily going there for breakfast and dance lessons ever since double win :)
Excellent food.  Excellent service.  This is one of the best restaurants Madison has.  Go there now.  Quit reading my review and leave.  Order anything.  Why are you still reading?  You could be eating tasty Thai food by now!
Perfect breakfast spot for a Saturday morning.  Huge amount of menu offerings.  Kind and efficient staff,   now i know why it is always packed.
Finally got here for dinner, heard about this restaurant from my friends many times! The food quality is good, environment is not bad, doesn't feel like those typical Japanese restaurants, I definitely will come back again!! Had a great dinner here!! Love it..!!!
It's taco bell, neither really good or bad
CAMER HERE TO SEE TIESTO !!\nXS is super gorgeous. It is not as big as Marquee, but this place is pretty roomy as well.
Just went to eat there last night and they are closed. Signs gone and everything. They had the best garlic knots and really good cheesesteaks. What happened?
Garlic chicken is Delish! Fried crispy and juicy on the inside. Not into the dumplings flavor isn't my Fav but mushy texture all the way through is what makes me say, YuCk! The sesame balls are the bomb and noodles are decent.
The airport is kinda old. There are some charging stations near the restroom. But, they aren't very many. Would be nice to have more outlets.
Food was really good. Pizza was good-average. If you go you MUST get the lobster Mac&Cheese-AMAZING!! Very nice, chill atmosphere. Service was great.
Clean and not too crowded. Good little joint to get your fitness on!
Was told that we would get bottle service for $1350 with tax and tip included. We get the receipt and the total was $1875. The room for bottle service was fun but the hallways, bars and dance floors were way too crowded. Plus they were just playing pop music from the radio that everyone is tired of hearing.
Walked out before ordering. Menu wasn't appealing enough to friends.
Travis and team were very professional and easy to work with.  We had our exterior house painted and are very pleased with the finished product.  We will definitely hire Gilbert's Painting in future for inside work.
Amazing food!  Excellent service. Such a great breakfast that we went there 3 days in a row.
Ok, I know, during the hiring process I am sure there is a very limited number of doctors, engineers, or rocket scientists applying, but seriously, do I need to draw you a diagram of what a sandwich with no meat and no onions looks like cause it shouldn't be that hard.
Some of the best ribs in town. Kind of an awkward set up because you have to order yourself at the counter kind of like a fast food chain. Very good sauces to choose from for every kind of different taste. They also deliver which is a big + in my book. \n\nDefinitely will be going back!
the Full Montagu was good.
Service leaves a lot to be desired. Taco Tuesday is a decent deal.
Not bad but not my first choice of restaurants. If you're in the mood for buffet-style salad, vegetables, and soup then come here. But this is not a place you come to if you're wanting meat. FYI: Lunch buffet is about $7 without a drink.
Kristy R. is one heck of a stylist.  I can't believe she has left Denver now I am left a hair orphan! She has always done a great style and cut and I would recommend her to anyone.
Menu descriptions are poorly written and inaccurate.  Case in point Jicama Fries are just strips of raw jicama.  We ordered extra as it sounded like something new and worth a try.  Cold jicama strips did not come close to meeting expectations.
Fun place to take the kiddos for an hour. A bit on the pricey side but I'm sure the upkeep and food bill for the lions is probably pretty pricey as well. We had a good time.
Horrible. Should be called the beast.  Yikes.
Went on several websites to find a map that shows a baggage claim area location. There isn't.  Called several airlines they were unable to find anything. What's up with that.
It's a fun place.  Go here for the bar style food and cocktails.  Try the southern hospitality.  Goes well with brunch.   :)\n\ncatfish po boy is solid.\nfresh made bbq potato chips are win.
Love this place! It's only 5 minutes away from my place and it's so good and unique! Going here more often.
Worst place ever! The help was using a dirty rag to clean around the trays and was touching the food with the dirty rag. Feel sick now. Gross!
Friendly, decent draft beer selection,  the snacking menu could be improved, Decent TV's. I liked it.
Wonderful local restaurant. Super clean, friendly with very authentic and tasty food. Try asking for some recommendations. We tried the soup, dumplings and curry, all of which were great. Highly recommended.
Was here for labor day and was not impress with the food.  Can we say dry.  I mean dry and no taste.  Had the crabcake dry, had the lobster and steak combo dry.  The only dish that turn out good was the pasta.
I am not a big fan of this place always way to loud really greasy food and unfriendly staff.
A very good cafe with well balanced roasts . The ambiance is pretty good. I recently discovered this place. Skip the chains and get a real brew.
The Sweet potato fries are excellent and the burgers are huge. I tried the delux burger and was nit disappointed but could have easily split it with someone.
Suprisingly, the fish was good! I love the white rice, so yummy! I like to go back to try other menus.
Personally, I don't care for their pizza, though it is decent enough that I'll get it sometimes with a coupon. Their sandwiches are very good though. Delivery is efficient, and the prices are about what you would expect. In all, a decent place, but not outstanding. I still miss Luigi's.
Lorenzo very easy to get a hold of.  Cleaners did a great job on my move out cleaning.  Got my whole deposit back.  Never seen the place so clean.
The store is always clean & the staff are always friendly. Love\nThe fresh salmon here & the flowers. Can't stand Wal Mart & the people so it's a treat shopping here :)
Absolutely the worst mexican food we have ever had. Meat was pre-cooked and reheated in the microwave. Owner lied when asked about the microwave. Do not ever eat at this restaurant.
Love this place, love that the merchants keep good brands and the upcoming styles in stock. I can always find a deal and what I'm looking for here. Great service everytime I've been in.
Right on time and very efficient.
This place is where to go for a great men's haircut in Pittsburgh.  The barbers are spot on with their skills.  I walked out looking five years younger, at least.  Loved it!
It's not the Italian I'm use to bring from Chicago. It was good, but nothing to brag about. Sauce tasted flavorless to us!
I would not rent from Dollar again.  We were quoted a price of $870 which included taxes and fees, but were charged $1200.  We waived add'l coverage, but clerk added it anyway and tacked on other fees.
The drinks are good, the baristas are friendly and do a nice job. I love the staff. They make me smile every day!   The layout odd. No inside seating and limited outside seating.
Great food. Good location.
Tried the food twice and it was so good. The staff was very friendly and let me try a few different things before I made my decision. I will definitely go back... a lot.
Great bun... Really flavorful meat.. Good fries...I will be back.. One of the best cheesesteaks in vegas. only thing making it not 5 out of 5... The bun needs to be cut in half and the meat needs to be chopped up more.  Otherwise great.
I love the atmosphere.. I wish I wouldve sat at the bar area, it looked pretty cool. Pretty good American food in Vegas to experience while on vacation. The drinks are cool, fun to look at. Not much alcohol in it and I shared the largest size with my boyfriend. I would definitely come back though.
I like coming here for their Sashimi. I'm so used to AYCE sushi that I compare it to Ohjah. So i only come when I crave Sashimi.Yum! They have Hibachi which I don't care for so the dining area is less busy.
The food was pretty average - and now it's closed.
Everytime I come in the place is clean and the employees are pleasant and knowledgable.  My drinks taste great with ever combination I can think of.
Get the Fez Burger! That is all I can say. I dream about it.
Centurylink is the worst cable company we have ever had to deal with. It's like pulling teeth without anesthesia to get someone on the phone to deal with your issues. Seriously thinking about paying the fee to cut the contract short and go back to Cox!
There was nothing special whatsoever about this pizza. As a matter of fact it lacked flavor it was bland. Even the dessert trio was just ok nothing special. It was like something I could buy at the grocery store. Even the service was sub par.
Chicken mole and beef fajita was amazing. Big portions!
Rude. Rude. Super rushed pedi/mani. If you don't have the time, then you should say so.
We loved it. There were no lines! We were greeted by friendly employees. The cars were cool and not crowded. The views were fabulous. My son had a blast. Free for kids under 12. Great entertainment.
Decent little bowling spot. The front desk girl was pretty attentive.
Bad experience night before thanksgiving. Car got keyed by front door. Credit card info swiped. And worse of all, osso bucco bad.
If you like a good variety of great beer and love sports go here. Food is a really good here too (drunk or sober :) \n\n**Drink tip get 3 quarters of their peach ale and 1 quarter Ace Cider (Tastes like melted jolly ranchers) but it's a beer! :)
This place has great food and great service. So good we came here multiple times on vacation. Will definitely make it one of my first stops next time I come back.
Food was great but the service was subpar and it wasn't too busy.  This is a great locals spot without a long wait which is why we love it.\nThe bread basket is by far the highlight!
Some of the best Chicken Mole in town, would be 5 stars but I feel it's a tad bit over priced. Took my inlaws here for their first time and they had a great time.
Never once have I left this establishment without a smile on my face and my VW running tip top! To add to the experience the staff has personality and it does not cost extra!! Thank you for your endless VW and Audi expertise.
Went with a group of friends for a birthday party. Sat at the open couches, played some games, had some beers. About 30 minutes later we got kicked out of our spots because a group of people that were \"spending more $ than us\" wanted those couches. Seriously. Will not go back.
I was only able to order a drink. After delivering the drink the waiter never came back to take my order. I sat for 20 minutes before leaving. When I left he was apologetic, which is why I'm giving this review 1 star instead of zero.
Very small doesn't look to clean . And food doesn't taste the same as other ones . I was very happy at first to see that I have it next to my house . But I went there few times and I never go there anymore
The interior is stunning, but the prices are exorbitant for average Chinese food.  If you can't make it to Chinatown, then this place will suffice.
Casino rooms were remodeled and beds are now comfy.  Definitely a nice upgrade to Circus Circus.  Although, I did enjoy the fact that we had to enter 3 different elevators to go from the casino floor to our room and back, mad struggle..
SO good
great food.  had the tasting menu.  timing  of the courses was a bit off....one of our friends had an entree and waited till our 4th course to have his meal.  otherwise, great service and ambience.
Nothing special. Not nearly as nice as Hard Rock Hollywood/Fort Lauderdale. Good casino to lose at machines. Nobody seemed to be winning. Def not me. It's more like a long hallway than an open casino. Not impressed.
Guy was talking on his cellphone while making my smoothie. He was nice but still was not following health codes.
Came here for brunch before a Cardinals' game. Food was good and drinks very generous. Love that they have the bus to the games. Very nice that everyone could enjoy their time and nobody had to worry about driving.
Super friendly staff with down to earth Show Casts !!! Brett was kind and took pictures with everyone there and took the time to talk to my kids. Amazing !!!
I love cafe rio. today was super slow, bad attitude day it seems. all the employees were super pushy and very irritated with basic requests such as guac or sour cream. granted the food ended up being delicious, as always, customer service for sure needs improvement at this location.
Best food of it's kind around. I think I have tried everything they offer and it is all excellent. Especially the lamb/ beef shwarma.  The flavors are incredible.  Also, for espresso fans, try the turkish coffee.
Love my custom cake. Exactly what I wanted. And they were able to fit my order in on a short notice. Definitely recommend this place.
I called to see what their prices were and to personally hear what kind of services they provide.Nicest people I have ever talked on the phone with,I'll tell you that!
The bread is utterly fantastic.  The sandwiches are tasty and the prices are reasonable.  It may take a little longer than Subway or Quiznos but trust me, it's worth it (you even get a beeper that buzzes when your sandwich is ready).  Earl of Sandwich needs to open a ton of new locations ASAP.
The pizza was delicious and the perfect size for one person. Normally I do not like pizza crust, but this crust was so good. The only down side is that the venue is fairly small so you are sitting very close to other people.
Tapan Bose is the Chef here and has always given me food that is bar none some of the best Indian food I've had. Being an Indian, and knowing Indian food- I can recommend this place to anyone with a hungering for desi cuisine.
We went for a special occasion family dinner. Service was excellent, but the food was far from what we expect t given rave reviews here, at Zagat, etc. With the exception of a wonderful chilled corn soup, the other dishes were good, but not close to exceptional. We certainly expected more
We sat at the bar and had a great time.  The food was amazing!! Had the grande burrito.... So good. Try the skinny margarita... You won't be disappointed. Great place to visit!
Was not impressed.\n\nThe ambiance was extremely poor, the a/c was apparently broken, and the food not impressive.\n\nWhile this may be a local legend it was underwhelming. Perhaps it will be better next time.
Takes \"sprawl\" to a whole new level.  By the time we walked all the way to our \"in terminal\" rental car, I had lost 5 pounds.
The ice cream is good, as far as that goes.  The prices are absurd.  Take a family of 4 here for dessert and you're out most of $40.  We could have bought 8 gallons of ice cream at the grocery store for what we paid for 4 individual servings.
We came here because the bellboy at our hotel recommended it and they \"bought\" our first round of drinks.  The girls here were alright but not that friendly and they were barely putting on a show worth watching.  We stayed about 10 minutes then moved on to someplace else.  It was a big waste of $30 and time.
8/7/13 This location now closed.
The most fun you can have in Las Vegas.  The karaoke here is the best!!  The food at the restaurant is good and inexpensive.  This is now a must do on every trip to Las Vegas.
I don't want to be mean, but this place should be called \"Over-rated.\" We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home. The food was SO BLAND and there was absolutely nothing special about it.
My friend works here. She only get's paid 4.25 an hour, waitress wage. so tipppp! =] I am not a fan of fast food, but the dessert is awesome!! Try the cream slushes!!!
food was good - great service -
They claim to have the best carne asada in town. I believe them. All I had was a carne asada burrito, so this 5-star review is based on a single item.
Excellent service, fabulous food, great bar. Don't miss the Welsh rarebit--heaven!
Stopped in for a late lunch with a friend. The ambiance was good. The restaurant was clean. The service was average if not a bit slow. The food was good/average. There is nothing about the place that makes it stand out good or bad. A nice neighborhood restaurant and retreat from the heat.
Great espresso and pastries as well as amazing presentation. The only downside to this place is a lack of organization - 3 people helped me with a shot of espresso and a pastry. Customers and employees were extremely confused what to do where to order and pay - it can get frustrating.
What a great place to stop while you're cruising through Tonto! Great local brew, awesome chili, friendly bartender, and very unique d\u00e9cor! If you're cruising through the park, most definitely stop in for a cold one and some food.
Great place for lunch.  Reasonable price and food is always good.  I love the Chicken savoualki...I think that how you say it.  All of us from our office order food from this place.  we just love the food!
Very nice lunch spot . Fresh food and drinks and nice staff . I will return in the near future and strongly recommend.
Wish they would quit changing how you order.  First they took away \"trashing\" the wings and now you order different number sets and also have to come up with a time you want them cooked.  Why fix what aint broke?\n\nFood was good and great server Stephanie - thank you.
You are only paying for the view. The food was uninspired at best. This places tries to be a gourmet room, but in reality is a cheesy tourist trap. Trust me - you can skip this one.
Came here only to use their bathroom. It was very clean but the men's toilet clogs. You also need a bathroom key.
I've been coming to this location for over 2 years. I have had only fantastic service experiences. Never a bad one!!! They make excellent drinks too! True artisans that know their craft well. Solid!
This is the worst run movie theater ever! Shortages at the snack bar then went into the theater 20 minutes before showtime and the previous movie was still showing! Get some better management!
Ther is always a wait!
Not impressed- Very dark, slow service and food was and menu not worth returning for.  The wings were dry, the nachos were blah.  I miss al's.
The food is great.  The best salsa I've had, but they must be rationing it.  The service sucks.  I've been here 6 to 8 times. The service has sucked every time. I'm done with this place.
I love this venue, but lately cosmo has more shows. So until they get indie bands to play here, I'll be at cosma. Plus cosmo has free concerts at book and stage.
sushi tasting was ok.  ordred uni risotto, and rice wasnt cooked well...almost raw. will not go back.
This place gave me and my friends food poison!! we went here for my friend birthday and more then half of us had stomach ache afterwards, our party was about twenty people.
Update: called this week (3 weeks after call that jeans were delayed) and they said my jeans were cut this week and I should be getting a call next week for fitting. Let's see if they are what I ordered.
j'etais tres contente avec la nourriture ici et j'espere a manger encore par-la! translation: i was very happy with the food here and i hope to eat here again! merci beaucoup pour l'experience tres extraordnaire.
Not enough personnel to support the customer. Appointments don't mean nothing here. Still got seen late and I have a guy looking at my comp and another comp at the same time. Personnel hygiene is non existent for the Apple employees.
Update:\n\nThis is the only useful yelp I've ever written! How could only one person find this useful? I don't understand...
Tried this Burger King again. I sat in line at the drive thru for 45 minutes while the three employees just stood around. I left without getting anything. I watched 4 other customers just give up and leave before I did.
Good beers, but... they're way too expensive for me, and the clientele seems a bit too posh and hipster-ish, which makes it a bit unpleasant to be in. It's always ridiculously busy, too.
Very nice hotel option in Scottsdale. Walking distance to great restaurants in Old Town. Clean, spacious rooms. Nice pool area. Also, one of the better free breakfasts offered by a hotel.\n\nThe fitness room is the only thing severely lacking with just 1 elliptical, 2 treadmills and a bike.
IMHO O is overrated. \n\nThe clowns are mind numbingly boring. The acts are excellent but repetitive. If you don't have top priced tickets a lot of the water action is hard to see. \n\nMystere or LOVE are much more interesting methinks.
Love this place great staff good prices  the staff is there to answer questions love my local businesses
the chicken wings gave me food poisoning.  will avoid in the future.
I love going to pinks in Hollywood. This place No Dice. Hot dog was cold and didn't taste very good.
Had yellowtail sashimi and a few rolls.  The hamachi was excellent quality if not a bit on the thin side.  The rolls were fine but far from spectacular.  Overall not bad but overpriced for what you get.
Dirtiest  jack in the box ever!!  I grew eating jack in the box an this is a Peru excuse for one.
I'm a big fan of Guy and have always wanted to try his new restaurant in Vegas. The restaurant was a cool rustic style with a big bar in the middle. To be honest I didn't think the service was all that good but the food made up for it.
Absolutely the best eye care available.  They have taken such good care of my mother over the years I intend to start seeing them in the new Flagstaff offices.\n\nThey are prompt, explain procedures thoroughly, and their staff is friendly and kind.\n\nYou really can't ask for better care.
Sandwiches are not that great and over priced but it's a good place for some coffee and French pastries, the cheese cake, the vanilla Neapolitan and vanilla custard is . That's the only thing you should get, everything else is over priced.
I have been in here three times and every time has been a positive experience. Like a previous customer posted I went weeks over my fill and didn't have any issues with my nails. They do offer gel now.  Their waxing services were quick and very professional. The staff speaks English, is extremely friendly and the place is clean.
This in my opinion is the best gourmet food in all of Vegas!  The menu is ever changing and the drinks outta of this world.. Hidden gem. I had the short rib  gorgonzola polenta it was amazing.
Come here for the MEAT. Fresh Cuts and Carne Asada to Die For.  Keep in mind this is a Mexican Grocery Store and No one speaks English.  Coconut water is CHEAP HERE. Those are the only two things I shop for here.
LOVE pretty much everything here.  The dirty horchata, and Big Ole burrito are my favorites. Picture a creamy horchata frap with espresso, sooooo good on a hot day.
Love this place!!!!!  All grill table entrees are 50% off!!!!  Cant beat the deal!!!  Make sure to make a reservation if you plan on sitting at the grill table, there are only 2, yes 2 grill tables!!!
Cheap Chinese food buffet with decent food. The Mexican food was not that bad either. Try it out, it's only 6 bucks.
You step in to a hip salon,professional,welcoming staff like Katie,and invested stylists like Gigi.
Great idea for Korea/Mexican fusion.  Korean burrito tastes great along with the korean tacos.  I gave them 3 stars because service is so-so.  I've been here multiple times and I am never impressed by the waitress/owners attitude.
It took almost 2 hours for lunch for a family of four.  \n\nI've wasted enough of my time with Coco's.  So this is the end of my review.
I absolutely love this place!  Me and my sister go here all the time :) the Greek salad is amazing! The dressing is so delicious I wish they would sell it in bottles.  Their hummus yummy!!!  Everything had so much flavor! A must try!!!
Feel like I need a shower, from the inside, when I leave this place.  Kind of pace myself to make it near a bathroom when I head home.  I know... It's a burger place and not a steakhouse.  However, with all of the burger joints in Vegas - this ranks just above the big corporate chains.
Went there on a Tuesday night with my boyfriend for \"Taco Tuesday.\" Very cool atmosphere! The server was extremely nice and the food was delicious!
Stopped in here just for some drinks and apps as we'd already had dinner.  I had the Cabo Flight (3 sample tequila shots) and the Ahi Tuna Ceviche.  Service was prompt, good rock music (lotta Hagar of course).  No complaints.
Came here 2 weeks ago for appetizers and a Rita that was all and the tab came to $31.00. I can't imagine what a dinner would have cost, not impressed.
Have had happy hour at this place now twice. Love the appetizers and the drink specials are great. Will keep returning.
Worst management staff ever.  Simple request to change a game to a Michigan football game was met with a no and that they don't have any remotes. What a douchebag.
We definitely had fun and enjoyed the fan. We will be back!
I usually do not go to buffet because low quality foods they make.. Wicked Spoon Buffet was just okay.. Buffet is buffet.
Very clean, quiet and relaxing atmosphere. Vegan and vegetarian foods. Super healthy and everything is fresh.
Food was tasty, service friendly but imprecise.  Margaritas not bad.  Vegetarians be sure to ask about everything because they use chicken stock in lots of things.
Good coffee, good service, love the location(although it can be hard to spot), and great patio. Pastries are tasty. We will be back!
This place is always a good time. When you're looking for something fun to do with friends on a night out, check out the midnight bowling party. 2 dollar beers and discounted rates on a round of bowling. Good times.
WHEN do they EVER have the show going on?? Been there two times: dinner and was told have to go to Sunday brunch for show. Sunday brunch today STILL NO SHOW???!!!!
Everything was great and our bartender Gina was fantastic.  I'll come back to add to this but had to comment on the squash desert as it is out of this world.
I took my son here to get his MM card. The process was fast, easy and the staff professional. I've recommend this place to SEVERAL people who've been just as pleased.
Good location right next to Cabelas.  Staff was great.  Bed was comfy and they had the pillows the way I like them.  I tend to come here every time I am in the Glendale area.  Next to Westgate as well so you can go check out the shops or a game!
I like this place.\nPlenty of pool tables.\nLots of beer. Even caguamas of your favorite Mexican brews.\nThey have that old golf arcade game too.
Really nice ambiance, but prepare yourself for smaller portions. Food was decent, though they seem woefully understaffed for how busy they are (expect service to be on the slow side).
Went in to this place with my boyfriend who needed new tires and loved the customer service. Not only was the staff friendly, knowledgeable, and speedy, but they also gave me a free oil change! Great tires, great service, and a great experience! Definitely going back to this place! Big props to Big Rob!
This is our favorite sushi place to go with the family, we love the 50% menu, nice variety & the taste is great! service was quick, our favorite is the Vegas & Volcano roll.
Had my little dog in my cart for the farmers market. Not bothering anyone until we came under the lens of officer do right, and we were told to leave a public side walk. Farmers market not a pet friendly place.
Burgers and Cajun fries are good....but the service here is fantastic!!!! I was impressed by every person that I saw working here. Genuinely awesome!
Voluto recently changed ownership to the great (but not quite as awesome) Common Place coffee roasters.  Gone is the wonderful 49th parallel coffee and the wonderful conversation with the owners. In its place is a very nice coffee shop, with good (not awesome) coffee. Also a nice slice of apple pie.
We love this restaurant.  In fact, my husband hosted my birthday dinner here last year.  I dream of lobster tempura and the rice hot pot and yuzu on everything and especially yuzu ice cream.
I came here wanting CoCo's curry.  This wasn't CoCo's but it's a good sub.  I had the chicken katsu level 8 (not spicy to me).  It was AWESOME!
Overall, we were very underwhelmed! Terrible customer service from lady at the front door, just ok service, decor was nice, and my omlet was delish, but way too expensive for the type of food offered.
Favorite dive bar. Get the dise burger - awesome! Cheap beer and drinks, very divy, so not for the faint of heart.
Food is just ok but if you don't like to wait avoid this place during the morning rush. Waited an hour after seated to get our food and it wasn't even the whole order once I got it.
The food's nothing special, but the game's always on and the beer's always cold. In short, everything a sports bar needs to be.
Always a great party
Wonderful hotel in the middle of everything.  Very comfortable beds/rooms.  Club lounge is very nice with a nice patio that can be enjoyed in good weather.  Breakfast buffet is well stocked with a variety of options.
Why do they call this a resort?  One lousy convenience shop.  One lousy restaurant.  An old dated lobby.  With all the choices at the casinos, where the facilities are newer and rooms cheaper, I cannot see why you would want to come here.
Skip Taco Bell that's in the same parking lot and get some quality food for about the same price
Great atmosphere and employees....very clean.
Came here after the Fiesta Bowl and was shocked by the rudeness we received by upper management. Our server was okay and the food was decent, however, 1 manager ruined our evening and we won't be coming back.
Amazing Two Fish Tempura Fat Roll...one of the best things I've tasted, seriously.\nExcellent Thai Corn Chowder.\nIncredible Black Cod.\nThis place does Asian Fusion well!
Great food.  Very clean.  If you have special dietary needs they are able to accommodate just ask nicely.  Try them you won't be diss appointed.
One of the best Thai Restaurants in Phoenix. Nothing fancy from the outside, but inside provides an authentic vibe, great service and amazing food at good prices. The new website (includes photos of dishes) helps with take-out ordering. The Pad Thai and #35 on the menu are a must.
Best pizza I've ever had!\".Staff was friendly,\nWe had the Pizza and Wings special ,also ordered the pizza pie xtra thin Brooklyn style..\nIt was amazing,for desert the Cannoli was out of.this.world! I will beBACK!
I only go here if I have no other choice. This place is filthy and outdated. The bathrooms are yuck and this whole place should be redone! Nasty!
Cheap eats.  Their distinguishing feature are their flavored crusts, which are crusts that are sprinkled with various spice mixes, or with butter.  Not the best pizza, but you get a lot of pizza for your money.
Pretty good place over all. I like the food it is great and the service is ok too. I would go back anytime I had the urge for some good Asian infusion.
I was reminded last night how good their fries are.
Love this place.  The food could be a notch better--for instance, not using those crappy, over-breaded, packaged, frozen cheese curds--but the burgers are outstanding and the breakfast menu is solid.  A few things could use a touch more flavor, but overall, better than most places.
I love this place! It has become a superb must for me on the regular. They make the most delicious & refreshing food and drinks- it's unbeatable for breakfast, brunch....yum!!!!!!!!!!!! go here now!!!!
This was our last stop on party tours both times that my friends and I did it and this was not a good club. There was hardly anyone dancing and the music wasn't that great. The drinks were way over priced and the club closes pretty early. Unless it's a free event again, I won't go back to this club.
Honestly, I stopped here to watch people instantly die while eating this garbage. \n\nIt didn't happen. \n\nSo I moved on. \n\nSo should you.
It's a Vegas buffet!  Not the top buffet around (Wicked Spoon) not the worst (Any Station Casino) but pretty much smack dab in the middle.  Go around 2:30pm save a few bucks by paying lunch prices, then after 3:00pm the dinner comes out including the crab legs.
Don't come durning spring training. They don't take reservations and you will wait for bad service and marginal food :-(
Came here with a friend to grab a couple of items. Neat, clean, and friendly. We were in and out within about 15 minutes. Had no problem finding things here, as everything is what Harris Teeter organized. I'm not really a shopper here, but from the amount of people that were here, this is the neighborhood grocery.
I think this place is great, although a lot of the time the staff consists of bratty high school kids who act annoyed that they have to help you.
Gross. The food was pretty disgusting. The waiters were very attentive and friendly, but the food was pretty horrible.  I ate at the TI buffet back in February and it was fairly decent for the money.  I was in Vegas this past Sunday and couldn't believe how disgusting the food had become.
Quick fast and tasty.  We tried the margarita and pepperoni slices and they were pretty good.  The size was huge and boy did they hit the spot. \nThe garlic knots look really good.  They offer a combo, huge slice, garlic knot and beer, which seems like a pretty good deal.
I like the food and the service is always good, but the lighting and the ambiance kinda turn me off.  It can also be exceptionally loud.  It's a good place to enjoy a good steak if you're seeing a show at the Palms but, for me, I prefer a quieter spot for this type of dining.
Crepes!!!\n\nIf you are here, try the crepes with Ice-Cream. The pastries are all good and french authentic.\n\nNot to miss
LOVE LOVE LOVE U.S. Egg.  \n\nIt is our family's favorite place for breakfast.  WHY? - great service, yummy food, clean restaurant, nice outdoor eating area.  \n\nAND the Protien Pancakes are AMAZING!
I love this place! great food and REAL southern cooking.
Live nearby, and 3 times in 2 weeks they messed up my drink. What's worse is that they are rude about it. I'm done with this location
I don't get all the fuss over this store. \n\nTo me it's looks and feels like an over priced IKEA!\n\nIt's just boring and way too contemporary for my taste. I think I could live forever without ever needing to go back in there.
Delicious pizza and fast service, but pricy for lunch, and they charge way too much for additional toppings. They also overcharged me for the one additional topping I ordered on a personal pizza and instead charged me the price listed online for their bigger pizzas.
Really great owner, and great juice!
Food was ok. Big portions but way to pricy for the food quality. I did get sick after having their salmon. Not sure if it was the mic of foods or what. Most likely not going again
Food is good but a little pricey for the quality.  The best part of the restaurant is enjoying your meal on the patio watching the fountains and people go by.
Amazing food and service! Some of us went for the AYCE and wow! Didn't have to wait long for the food to start coming even though the places was packed. A must bust in Vegas!
Knowledgeable, friendly staff and reasonable priced. I would definitely buy from them again.
I visited Carlo's Bakery while in Las Vegas last weekend. The desserts behind the counter looked scrumptious so I ordered one cannoli and a lobster tail. \n\nThe desserts were a disappointment. I won't be back!
Not very good. Just what ever!!! I dont think I will ever go back when I am in Vegas...!!!
Used to get combos meals a lot, but lately I've only getting the food from the 99 cents menu.  All the hamburger portions are so tiny, don't really think it's worth the money eating here anymore.  Frosty drink is always good, no matter what size you get, I can never get enough of it.
Small traditional pub for locals in Edinburgh.  Always packed and standing room only.  Inexpensive beers.  Great acoustic Celtic music jams every evening. Didn't try the food.  Be prepared to stand.  No cover charge.  Place has a neat vibe even though it is so small.
A little bit on the expensive side for asian buffet, but the food was amazing. All the food was fresh and hot. Quite a large selection of sushi and grilled items. My favorite buffet so far
Good food and good view.  Ok service.
Great food here. Been a customer for three years now. But customer service needs a lot of work. The girls never smile and the men that are always upfront will ignore you until one of the girls comes and helps you. But the food is so good I'll put up with the service. I love their buffalo wings and pizza.
Great food. Great service.
Great outdoor area in summer. Live bands on Fridays. Good beers on tap, try the IPPB.
Service was good but the food was just OK.  I am a bit of a sushi snob since my father is a sushi chef but the sushi at this place was nothing special and I've had better at restaurants that were half the price.  I left after one appetizer and 1 roll.
Lame!  If your looking for Chinese knives at inflated prices or exploding targets then you might find something.  Other than that this place doesn't have much to offer.
Tried to enjoy a dinner out with my kids and within ten minutes of sitting down, the dining room was turned into a football league sign up station.  Not kidding.  Totally unprofessional for this to go on when people are trying to dine.
Friendly service, great food, neat atmosphere.  I like the heat and they don't disappoint.  This one will be a regular stop.
Bel endroit. J'y suis all\u00e9 pour le brunch c'\u00e9tait bon mais pas renversant. \u00c7a change des brunch qu'on a l'habitude de trouver sur toutes les cartes.
I love the buffet at this place.  For a fraction of the price of other buffets in Vegas you get much better food.  Great selection too.  Have been here a couple times and there was a line both times, but for food this good under $15 I would expect that.
As far as touristy stuff goes, this is the right street to hit. Filled with tons of wee Scottish shops, bars and restaurants you can get everything you need without straying too far. Great vibe, not too pricy and tons of stuff to do.
Possible one of the top places to eat on the strip. Friendly staff and awesome bartenders. The food is amazing, Guy out did himself once again.
Very friendly people who work here. They were so great with my kids! Definitely will be back.
Brandon and his boys took great care of us, and kept in constant communication leading up to the moves, and on moving day. will use then again...
This place never really disappoints. The food is excellent and the price is more than fair. If you have a hankering for teppanyaki/hibachi, give this location a try. You won't be disappointed.
The service absolutely KILLS a great little restaurant! The bald guy who waitd on us this time (who seems like he might have some PTSD or just out of military) was beyond rough. Spilled drinks on our table and never even apologized, who does that?!??!
we couldn't handle smokers. it hard to breathe and have fun with  around smokers
love the overall company but the lady at the cnac desk is snobby and rude. I had to catch myself a few times wanting to exchange words with her but other than that.. every one else is great
If you love spicy food this is the place for you. I always feel like a get great service everytime I come. I bring my family often because We always enjoys the food, spirits, and service.
Horrible experience Don't stay at this hotel! \nFront desk manager is terrible Clarissa
Food Poisoning Stay Away
Me & some friends came here for lunch but an hour pass by & we never received our food... we end up leaving because our lunch time was over... never coming back to this restaurant
Did not like the food. My friends had lentils + beef , they did not like it. These folks dont know how to even serve drinks.\n\nWould not recommend.
Great bar for locals and people that work in the service industry, they have great food and amazing service! I defiantly recommend this place!! Fyi try the mac and cheese!!!
No coffee maker...no room service! Ridiculous!!   They were really ill-prepared for the charllotte marthon and serving hundreds of runners. No complementary water or fruit in the lobby. Ran out of coffee and checkout for runners was noon.
I loved the tossed salad. The reason I ate here was because they had sushi...big mistake, it wasn't good at all...but I found other things that I loved. $19.99 lunch buffet and it includes your soda.
Excellent Dentist. Very warm and soothing environment. Yes, I'm still talking about a dentist. He doesn't BS you. Very quick and thorough. I would/will recommend him to anyone, whether you like the dentist or not. And whether or not you have a primary dentist. Dr. Ozaki is the best.
They have a decent selection, but the customer service was lacking.  We tried to look at a few different items and were ignored.  After waiting about 5 minutes we decided to leave.
Good pizza. Good prices. But there are so many flies in the restaurant it's almost unbearable. Next time I will take it to go for sure.  Would be 4 stars if not for the gross pest problem.
Lavo is my fave place to dine in Vegas! I love the Kobe beef meatball, the creamy lobster bisque soup , the garlic bread w sauce, everything is so YUMMY!! Quality of food is top notch! Def go and eat any occasion!!! It's the best!!
The food was pretty average. The place was rather dimly lit. The establishment itself wasn't very clean. The floors were sticky, especially near the soda machines.\n\nNot sure what else to say, except I guess at wee hours of the night, it's a familiar place to go.
I love their King Sandwich, which is juicy pulled pork with cole slaw on top.  It has the sweet, yummy flavor of pork and sauce with the sour crunch of the slaw.  Pure heaven.
Touristy, with a great view if you get one of the two top tables at the window. Otherwise the food ( just ok ) and service (rushed) do not justify the steep prices including the mark up on the wine list. If you are going to drop $400.00 on dinner there are better places to do it in Vegas.
I had wanted to come here for awhile because I live in the area but I was a little disappointed. I got the beef and reef. The steak was not very good. The shrimp scampi was delicious however. I would probably try the pasta or pizza next time, if I come again...
Saw this place, was excited to try it, until I heard they sold SHARK tacos. Shame on you So-Cal for doing this. Will never go there now.
We stopped here because we were starving and I had a wicked headache. The environment was loud and festive, but it was definitely fun. The cheese pizza we got was well seasoned and thin. The service was super friendly, and I recommend this place as a pizza-lover.
Really good, cost effective specials and the steak was amazing
It's true. Just like the other reviews. He came to my work. He took care of my 5s in about 5 min. Amazing to watch him do it.  I'd use him again. I hope I don't have to.
The white gummy is far and away the best thing on the menu! the secret menu that is.... \n\ni've never been disappointing with the service or the product. A+++
Theresa C. is exactly on point, right down to the bubbles on the nail polish.   Read her review as it was exactly my experience.
Line is always very long, but the wait is worth it for In N Out
I got to say that good time do happen here.  I just feel it's real pricey and the weapon calibers are to be novice friendly (weak as hell).  I loved the fact that they made my cuz wear a small ass pink tank for his bachelors package and that there are some attractive women working here.
Pretty sure I just ordered the worst gyro of my life. The meat was way over cooked, crispy!  I was starving so I ate it, don't recommend this place especially for the gyro being 10$
Great place, definitely recommend it. The outside/surrounding area looks a bit sketchy, but the inside is very nice. The food and service was excellent, much better than I normally find in Vegas, and for very reasonable prices. First Vegas restaurant that I would really enjoy coming back to.
The service is Excellent.  Food is very good.  Great beer on tap  If you are Seahawks fan they have some views for you.\nI will be back..
I ate hear the other day.  My fiance and I wanted to try it out for fun and it was actually really good.  I had the Cubano sandwich which was very tasty and the fries seamed to be freshly cut.  I will be going back.
I ordered an 8 piece boneless meal. 3 Cajun, 5 hot Togo. What I got was 4 Cajun and 4 mild, which were also incredibly dry. Not happy at all.
I got stale buns here once. Like, not even edible. I've never received good food here off the 99cent value menu. The people seem friendly, but the service is slow. Pony up a few more bucks and go to Chipotle across the street
Not even worth it.. $130 for a family of 4. This is the PF Chiang's or worse of Mexican Food.. $5 horchata and $10 Churros? Comedor dela Guadalajara is still the bomb...
This place is hit or miss.  I've been here a total of 4 times and 2 of those were bad experiences.  When they are good, they are good.  But when they are bad, well you're just stuck over paying for a burger you could have gotten at Culver's.
Watching these asshats make a sandwich is like watching the 3 stooges install a chandelier.
Nice location and lots of toppings.  Pizza was soggy and greasy.  Sucks paying for refills and that they don't do pitchers of drink.
Very average food and slow service during our recent Sunday lunch. My salad was soaked in dressing and rather plain.\n\nRestaurant in a shopping mall.
Its an airport so there isnt much difference from one to another but I am writing one short little two star review cause this airport does not post which airlines are at which terminals. So if you dont check ahead of time (which I never remember to do) you just end up riding around looking for your airline terminal. Thats LAME!
great shop...manager Craig is fair and knowledgeable....saved me a bunch of money!!!\nI've had all three of our BMW's in there for service..!\n\nMike
Excellent beverage and cigar selection. The service was superb and extra bonus on the weekend: Hot Chelsea!
Pink Jeep Tours are the best.  We took the Red Rock Canyon Classic tour and had a wonderful time.  Our guide Tommy was very knowledgeable and we had a very good time.  I would highly recommend Pink Jeep Tours.
I like this place. Service is fast and the food is good. They have a great variety of Asian styles. I like their lunch specials which are really cheap and you get a lot for what you pay for. I come here twice a month.
Horrible place! Don't go. They have terrible customer service and the food quality and selection is lacking. Their customer service is to ignore you or walk away if you need something. Then, without fail, while you are loading your groceries you will be asked by several bums for money or some of the food you just bought.
Great smoothies and chicken and pesto pitas!
Good sushi for Vegas I guess. I definitely wasn't as fresh as I'm used to but the scene was very cool and the service was decent.  It was pricey as well, but that's Vegas for ya!
Happy hours always good here ... Wings are one of a kind as well as .....until they raised prices now it doesnt seem so happy
I think Yelp said it best...  meh, I've had much better!  All flavorless other than the ground beef.
The beer selection is unique and delicious,  but the service sucks. Just moved into the area tried to find a new local joint and tried this place a few times. Couldn't get the time of day from bartenders on multiple occasions.  Go to PT ' S if you're looking for something in the area.
EXCELLENT, you really get the taste of Vietnam here
Al at Banner Plus is a five star operation and very cost effective.  I had two signs made for our church and it took very little time for him to complete and finish the job.\nThe signs came out perfect.  GRET WORK AL!!
This Taco Bell is going down hill. Very slow in getting your order. The manager doesn't speak to his employees with respect. It's a bummer because it's the only one close to me.
valet service is excellent
This is not pizza. This is bread with sauce on top. Just go to the supermarket, get some bread and tomato sauce and slather it on - done. Gross, don't do it. Get Ian's instead.
Food was okay, but overpriced for quality and portion. We got there near closing, so I guess the staff decided it was time to start turning down. Our waitress was very good though. The best part of the restaurant is the hats made of butcher block paper, which is a little sad.
Great dumplings much cheaper and less pretentious than the hipster place across town.
Great service and great price. Very professional. This was my second time using The Pick-up Artist and I would recommend them to everyone.
Service was great. Food was good, ample servings. The ambiance was lacking a little though.
This zoo is great!  We have brought our two year old son here several times and he loves it!  They have a lot to see and do.  It is great idea to but an annual pass.
floor was dirty, service a little slow
Too expensive for what it is....but then it's on the mt so they bump prices up for the tourists. The fries are incredibly salty almost inedible.  Good for tourists not locals
I didn't check the reviews before going in (I should have). The workers were pleasant and I enjoyed my hot stone massage. I wasnt too thrilled with the Polish job.  I probably won't go back.
Obsessed.
Simple and easy to use menu, food arrived swiftly after we placed our order and it was very good value for money so, despite the rogue beggar who made it through the doors and asked us for money, I'd be more than happy to make a return visit.
Great food and a lot of yummy rolls.. The price is very affordable and the quality is great. I frequent this restaurant often..
****  closed....closed  ****
No
Super fresh and amazing flavors! One of the better Vietnamese places I've been to. Try the mushroom soup while you're there!
Meh, I've had better. First time eating here so I thought I would give it a try.  But next time I will stick with Islands Burgers.  Way better value.
Not a very good brunch today....the eggs Benedict got overcooked while sitting out on the counter. No one had bothered to take our drinks order until we flagged one of the servers down.\n\nOverall food experience: I've had better days with them!
The BEST seafood every time we go and great service too!!! We had the best lobster we have ever had !!! The fried alligator with that dip is amazing !!
Food is rlly good, tastes fresh & not greasy or fattening. A little pricey, but worth it, you get what you pay for. They also have vegan options which is cool (:
I've been going to McCormick and Schmick for almost a decade now and have never once ordered from the main menu.  I have always visited after work during happy hour.  The HH menu contains a 1.95 burger that is one of the best burgers in the city, plus other tasty treats.
Gotta say it- this store is dangerous if you have altogether stopped buying collectable toys online and making trips to San Fran. Gotta give the boy props though for opening this place in Phoenix. I'm a supporter and hope we can outlast light rail....
Awesome place! The food is great and so is the service. A to go place for traditional Korean food when in Vegas.  :)
Only open for breakfast and lunch. If you go away hungry, it's your own danged fault. LOL
Probably the worst service ever, i asked for help and have been waiting for 40 mins and still no one could help me. I meant really? 40 mins is not a short time...
The Mighty Meaty is packed, but I love the Philosophers Pie with steak, olives & fetta cheese! Good service and clean.
You know how some places don't give a crap about you?\nThis is not the place!\nEvery time I go in I have a good time!\nGO!
Stopped in for lunch. First time here. I'll be back. The reviews were right, the Carnitas is great. I was going to write a long review but that's not necessary. Just come check this out, you'll love it. BTW the service was great too.
Avoid this post office branch like the plague!  Waits are excessive and the staffing here is minimal.  The photos here that show long lines are a perfect example of what you will encounter here!  Awful!
City Tavern has really gone downhill. Our last few visits have gotten progressively worse - both with food and service. The icing on the cake is we even wrote to them to complain and they never even responded. Can we say mismanaged?!
Coffee sucked ass! Bagels I took home because they were so hard I could beat the kids with them.....lol
Eating here right now. Food is very good, but come hungry.  The lasagna portion is large. My husband's meatball sandwich is really good and very large. We saw this restaurant in NY and wanted to try it but ran out of time. We will definitely come back next time we are in Phoenix.
They don't have BBQ Pork? Really? \n$3 delivery fee\n\nno thanks
Excellent experience and ambience. Had a great time however 3 (out of 4) got very sick (likely food poisoning) the next day. Past experiences have been great and this is the first time this has happened but we got very sick and can only attribute it to our dinner at El Chorro.
Awesome Bar food..best I've ever had..u must try the Popper Burger..it has cream cheese and crispy breaded onions..ask for the jalapeno sauce..its bomb.  They have great beer..favorites are their hefe, kiltlifter & ipa
A decent makeover in terms of decor and stock with increased prices to match. The atmosphere early on a Saturday night was pleasant & the food looked worth a try so a return visit could well be on the cards but I'll be avoiding the steeper priced pints such as West's & Vedett.
Love the food but only two starts because the employees are so high especially in the evening that the service sucks.... Having said that, if you have the muchies this prob the spot for you.
Spicy Chicken Sandwich Deluxe, well for fast food it is better than Wendy's Spicy Chicken Sandwich taking over the fast food crown\n\nYou could do a lot worse fast food wise
Go see Jade! She's amazing!
This was my first marathon! It was very well organized and well run.  I trained hard for this race but I should have trained harder.  The course was nice and flat, the weather was perfect, and the bands made the pain in my knees a little more tolerable.
Had another great meal at PoPo's on Saturday. I took off one star for 2 things. #1: almost all of our silverware was dirty..very dirty #2: The 99 cent margarita gave me a sour belly..too much sweet & sour
I came here for lunch and food was good. I got the creamy pasta dish which was really good! The bacon compliments the dish and I almost finished it all. Our server was really nice to our large group. She also gave me a free tiramisu for my birthday!
Extremely overpriced. I also wouldn't  describe the owner as nice or helpful. Find somewhere else.
Unfortunately I heard how great this place was, but never got to experience it. There was a buyout at the time. I probably would have waited, but the hostess was such a BI@TCH I wouldn't stay. I will also never be back.
Love the selection and prices! Employess are very helpful!  Everything is always fresh and of the highest quality!\n\nUnlike other grocery stores or specialty supermarkets Sprouts is king in my book!
Generic, flavorless food. Don't let the open kitchen fool you; this is Panda Express without the cafeteria style line. Disappointed and won't be returning.
We come to Lindo A LOT. The food is always great and the service is good too. We really like the mango margaritas, steak nachos and the steak ranchero. Angel and Juan are by far the best team in the place so if you can, ask for their section!
it was great, right pricing we went for breakfast and hmmmm it was good. french different than just the regular breakfast it was good for the price. So good that we went back for brunch a few hours before our plane left Vegas.. nice hotel from the lobby and casino area.. \n\nLe Village nice
Amazing customer service, workers here actually care about helping you out! I was looking for an uncommon tri-wing screwdriver here and Maria (I believe this is her name) hunted down the someone who might know where to find it, and got back to me promptly. A++ WOULD SHOP AGAIN!
Was running around like crazy and was starving so we decided to stop by.  Their steak and cheese was excellent.
Have been going to this location for a few years. Fair and honest people. Several locations.
Went on a Thursday night. Great atmosphere, like the peanuts and the big tv's. Felt like a bar but really loud like most are. Original burger is huge, cod fish food but not as good as Red Robins. We'll go back
i'm proud of them! ate there last night and service was wayyyyyyyyyy better
This confirms my opinion that restaurants that claim to have a great view rarely have good food but are always overpriced.  This one is also old and run down.
Friendly, fast and huge portions
Delicious burgers- freshly ground beef and hand-shaped and cooked on a wood-fired grill- amazing. The burgers arrive and look enormous, but are so good, before you know it, your plate is empty. Only downside is it can get very busy and you'll have a long wait outdoors.
After 2 bites, I threw my chili dog out.   Seek out another place selling a quality dog (like Hebrew National or even Nathan's) instead of this.  Nice view from the outdoor patio though.
Towbin Infiniti became Park Place Infiniti and the service quality and communications have declined.
The salmon was great. They overcooked my husbands steak, which was just a so-so steak. City hall is much preferred!
Fast and courteous. Honest about pick up time.  They picked me up on short notice. Would have given them 5 stars except the driver kept talking about her blood test.
$4.97 for a soda * straight face* a little over priced. The pitas are pretty good. My husband loves this place.
They goofed up my order and had to remake it. By the time I got my food most of my friends were close to done eating... They made up for it by giving me a free next meal. I guess we'll see if I use it.
Flavorful food,  appealing atmosphere, good service, reasonable prices, funky neighborhood.\n\nAt the right time of day, there is some good people-watching to be had.\n\nBest Crab Rangoon in town.
Shockingly rude service from one of the girls here and very overpriced. Good burger though as its BK. This BK is airside at T2.
-Smaller amusement park\n-Overpriced food\n-Long lines\n-Didn't have a \"fast pass\" system\n-Always crowded\n-Parking was awful\n-Good rides were closed\n\n...Typical amusement park.
Bought mattress and motorized adjustable frame at Half Price Mattress. Christina (Salesperson) was the best. I bought the 14\" thick Glideaway memory foam mattress and it is the Most comfortable mattress I've ever owned (great prices). Highly recommend!
Extremely over rated. Avg buffet and way over priced. Waited in line for over 1 hour. Not worth the wait or the price.
I don't get the hype. High priced, average food, and atmosphere. The part time belly dancer/part time stripper was a nice touch.
This is a great piano bar! great vibe and drunk people falling at the drop of a hat! gotta love it!!
The food was good, the atmoshere was great. If the waiter would have been more interested I would have at least gave a 4 star.
Painfully slow service. Waited in line for 30 minutes. Maybe they are just short staffed. Looks like the manager is just walking around instead of helping people. Next time I'm in town I'm going to a different branch.
Food is pretty good!! The fideo soup is different and fun for a starter. Plus it's free gotta love that!
I've been here twice now and I'm not very impressed.  The service is slow and even when there is clearly no one else in the restaurant.  The food wasn't much better, it was ok, but a bit expensive for what you get.
Thank you Gerrit!! He arrived on time, smiling, friendly, explained the work he would be doing. 6 STARS!!
Keep coming to this place and have to say everything is flawless. Great food, juicy fresh and best hookah. Two thumbs up guys. Wish you much success!!!\n\nRoman
I ordered the sushi bento for lunch and was only happy with the salmon nigiri.  Everything else was meh.  It's definitely not worth the money or the smooth rock you get to look at on your napkin.  We won't be coming back.
Our food was poor at least took forever to get our food it came cold and over done. The waiter was poor service sucked they need to go to Chicago Greek Town and learn how it's done. Food is over priced for what you get.
Comparing with the price the food was great, especially the dessert was what you expect from a french pastry. and I love the design, a  wonderful place to seat for food
Went for the first time on a work lunch and got there early enough to avoid the line. Veggie bowl with Tofu was great. Super friendly and enthusiastic staff. Wish id' known about the ramen but was totally new to the place. Will go back.
Place is empty. Totally ignored by staff.    VERY overpriced for what you get. Don't bother
***TIPS***\n\n- This is the closest location to the main vegas strip\n- Don't come between 10pm to midnight, you might have to wait 30 minutes for your food. Its faster to do drive through during these hours.\n- Go after midnight if eating there.
Maintaining my 4-star rating for the reasons I've already listed, but be advised that the food is extremely unimpressive.
We love going to Cuevas for produce, and their prepared meat that they have in the back. Their pork is soooo delicious. Whenever I don't have the time to braise, make rice, and salsa, Cuevas is our go-to place for burrito/taco night.
This place sucks I went there on sept 4 2014 the girls bartender are to loud and rude one of them slap my brother so hard in the face and told him not to touch her jukebox . She lucky I didnot turn around to knock her out I will not good back because of this
I just called these guys talk about customer service, they were excellent
Food was cold service sucked
How hard is it to actually toast a bagel and serve it hot???? Horrible! Every time I come here, which is not that often I have a terrible experience, from brainless management to an incompetent staff! Ugh!!!!!!!
The diviest of dive bars. Cheap drinks and good tunes. This place draws in everyone from hipsters to the homeless. I like the very cheap drinks but I don't like getting crop dusted all night so I don't come here too often. But great for a cheap night out!
Excellent service and Cuisine.
So so turkey sandwich & apparently they don't understand no tomato. Will not be back.
Unless you're just grabbing a beer, you can do better than this in Montreal.  Saying that, their own beer is very good so if that's what you are after this is a good choice.  Good spot to watch a hockey game as well.
This is not the most up to date Bashas in the Phoenix area and it seems to be neglected by corporate. However, staff and cashiers are always super friendly and they work hard with what they have to make the store presentable. Its so close to my house that I love coming here. Keep up the good work Bashas employees!
Food - Great!\nPortions - small !\nLine - long )-:\nFresh !\nAll an All - Great sandwich place !\nVery recommended !
Fast service, good burgers, same as any other in-n-out. The know how to handle lunch time with out making people wait too long.
I tried their chicken curry and it was disgusting. The curry has no flavor, it was bland and the chicken was over cooked. It's an overpriced restaurant in the casino. There are many better locations in chinatown for lot less money. I recommend skipping this location.
Product received in the mail was absolutely destroyed. Not in a sellable or useable condition in any way whatsoever.\nSo instead of returning it for a refund or contacting the store for a replacement I decided to leave them negative feedback. \nThanks for nothing Staci K.
A bit overrated...\n\nConsidering all its accolades, I was not wowed by the pizza at Metro. I can name dozens of places I've been to with better pizza. Price and bad service by employees who appear to be CCSN rejects doesn't help either, but the atmosphere was nice.
Good food, lots to pick from on buffet.  Great for the kids.
Bad business, bad service.  The only thing keeping this place in business is their awesome volleyball set up.  Place is trashy... so is the guy whose family owns the place.  If he isn't trashed and offending customers, and employees, then he probably isn't working.
Serving staff were friendly, only problem after ordering my drink she went on a break! Waited over 10 mins before the second girl showed up, we asked for the bill , no tip and left. Last time to this bar
Service was quick, friendly and easy!  Great location if you live in the Central Phoenix area.  Fair and honest prices.
I love this pizza
Mai is the greatest. I lost my nail lady when she decided to stop doing nails. I work at the salon next door so I decided to give it a chance. \nShe is SO friendly and remembered me and always gets me in right when I need to. \nGreat customer service, great work.
The Building is very impressive but confusing. Rooms are ok. There are not enough covered parking spots. Pool closes around 8pm (bad!!). \"MORE\"-Buffet is awesome though (but extra charge). Hotel is ok but I'd go for another the next time
Out of crepes at 310pm on a Saturday.  Ordered a red bean taro delight. \nNothing delightful of taro bits in this awful drink.\nOverrated!\nDon't waste your time or money!
The food was pretty good. The sushi servings were huge! Our waitress was standardly good, not outstanding services but nothing to complain about. The atmosphere was very cool!!
Just had a happy hour snack at Jaliscos. Great chips and salsa.  Excellent bacon wrapped shrimp and pacifico on tap!!!\n\nHighly recommend it!  BTW, ask for Edson...nice guy and good server!
I was not impressed by the staff nor the limited tea accessories.  I prefer loose tea and not only did they not sell tea but nothing to do with loose tea.  They also had a cheep (looking) table in the front of the store.  The place was wierd.
They were quite helpful when we went in. I had to special-order an item. I later found it at Lowe's in stock and $11 cheaper. I called Ace to cancel my special order. The girl asked if I could calk back in the morning! No, I work, I am calling now. ?  Good service except that.
It was very busy here on New Year's Day. The staff was friendly and helpful but their stock was a little low. Probably just the holiday rush but I have no prior experience to support this hypothesis.
3rd time's a charm. I hesitantly drug my wife back for one more chance at this place, going to Doom Disco this last Saturday and the music set was excellent. Both of us had a great evening. We will certainly be going back now.
Update on pricing. They have just recently changed the price to 22.13. But it is still amazing!
Just went back this weekend. Not as good as 1st few times. A little bit inconsistent...uh oh..inconsistency kills
Service was very good, but food was mediocre.  For the price, I expected much better.
The MGM is a cool place to hang out but not my favorite place to stay. The rooms are fine but as others have mentioned the TV is a little outdated. All in all it's a good value but with a little searching you can find good values elsewhere.\n\nThe sports book is one of my favorites.
This place is great.  The food is just excellent! Very small place, feels like it should be in new york city or something...  Every pasty i've eaten here (probably 5 varieties) have been EXCELLENT.
They have bad service. They take awfully long on delivery and I live right down the street. Then they call me after 40 minutes of ordering my pizza saying they did not have it. I was getting very frustrated cause I was hungry. Go to the one on Boulder.
Not really feeling the clientele. People at the bar are quiet and cool but others in the restaurant are dipshits. I also didn't feel much from the server.
My favorite place to get my BBW. Customer service here is great,they are very perky and attentive here. love it!
Sushi was delicious, had a great time singing karaoke, Wayne and his wife are a true treat amongst the typical Vegas service industry.
The macaroons were not very good and definitely not worth the $28 for the small box. They were too spongy and lacked any depth or flavor.  Bouchon has much better macaroons for the money.
Great food, great service, I was a regular until I moved to the other side of town. Get the Eggs in a Nest! Nancy the waitress is great, Louis the cook is a hoot and the food is great. Oh and the steak Caesar salad! I could swim in that dressing!
Great food.  Simple presentation.  Good service.  Bar service a joke.  Overall very good experience.  Would go back.
So this was my first time doing a Brazilian wax & first time doing the sugaring & I'm am so grateful I did! I'm a happy woman! I'm glad I chose this place & the price was pretty great! I will see them in 3 weeks! Love it & now I'm hooked!! Thank you so much!
Food was very, very salty.
I've been seen here for nearly 6 years as a patient and have no complaints. Susan and Dr Hetrick have been as helpful as is possible for my condition and are always concerned and ready to talk about new or existing issues and treatments. The office staff have been friendly and helpful
The Spice Market Haiku\n\nChampagne brunch is fun.\nTaste foods from around the world.\nAll my meat is dry.\n\nThe end.
Went there for lunch with 3 friends and none of us liked it too much. I had  chicken which was very plain, dry and chewy. We do not plan on coming back. Though the place looks nice and might be better during dinner.
Burgers will never seem the same after having a Bachi burger. The pickles and fries were special too. Joe provided great service and suggestions. The other servers were also attentive. Wish we had this place in Orlando!!  We'd definitely return.
I absolutely love Island Flavor! My family lives in Hawaii and I've been to many local restaurants on Oahu. Island flavor definitely is up to par with those local restaurants. I would recommend a favorite dish but it's difficult because they are all exquisite! Definitely recommended!
This place blows. I guess if you're absolutely desperate to eat you'll end up here @ the end of the night. The staff & service sucks as bad as the food does.
This is one of the best restaurants in the West Valley. It is tucked away in a nearly vacant business area, but the food is something else. Run by a nice couple, the chocolate and pastries are handmade and the sandwiches are of the gourmet variety. They make a good cup of espresso too!
The 1st time coming to this place.    The food was good.   Nice place to relax and just in joy the food.   Price to food was a lot better than I thought it would be.   I would come again.  \n\nI will have to come again to give a better review.
Definately an older property ,   If you are with children there is a lit to do here.  The rooms are clean and quiet,   There is the ell of cigarette smoke everywhere.    The Casino is dirty and the employees are not held to high standards of uniforms and customer service.
Very much enjoyed our meals here.  The BBQ French fries are to die for!  Also love the beer taps in the tables.  Genius.  Quick, friendly and delicious!
Very good food. Good service and very friendly people. I never had Thai food and this place was very yummy.
Nice atmosphere and friendly service (although a bit slow at times). Unfortunately our biggest reason for giving red koi 3 stars is the food. The sushi was ok at best and the beef teriyaki was rubbery and flavorless. We wanted to like this place but unfortunately we wont be back.
All of the food here is fresh and healthy! I could literally eat here everyday, it's THAT good.
Careful ask for receipt before ordering bottle service. Was quoted 2500 for 4 bottles. They bait and switched and ended up 12k . We walked out careful unethical business. We also had the text with promoter with the quoted price.
We needed some sandblasting on some exterior walls.  I called baja sandblasting and in the same day they came out gave me a very fair quote and did the sandblasting right then. They did an amazing job!!! Very very happy w them. I just called them back to schedule them to do some interior walls.
Some of the best coffee you will put in your mouth around Scottsdale!  They even give the hardcore hipster places in Downtown Phoenix a good run for their money too!  The staff is always pleasant to deal with, and they know what the hell they're talking about, go Echo!
This place was awful , I was there for rehab  the therpists were ok ,there were some awesome Cna's  the food service was really bad no selection and tasted like shit. I wouldnot recommend this place to anyone!
Awful place. I would not recommend coming here. Drive the extra couple of miles to find another. It's dirty inside, the people are assholes and they never have any products. A veritable dump.
The food was good here.  The service was okay.  The atmosphere could use some work, but it is a basic Gyro shop.
Food: Freshly cooked seafood and French fries. No soggy stuff.\n\nService: Fast, friendly, and attentive.\n\nDecor: Very clean, fast food decor with fish facts.
If you loved Richardson's, you are in for a treat. Secreto serves similar dishes with the same flare and style. YUM! I can't wait to go back.
This is THE place for donut-lovers in Madison.  Cannot speak more highly of this place and their old-fashioneds.  Just such a treat.
This place was good, but it has changed names now and possibly ownership.
They have a large variety of tanks and juice at this shop. Impressed with the selection.
Decent food, bad presentation. Cutlery looks old and semi washed. The restaurant interior looks like it came straight out from a side street in Vietnam.  The food is cheap, but the serving size could be bigger.
This is the\n worst dairy queen in the valley. Service is slow and the place is dirty. Dont waste your money. Spend it  elsewhere.
This place is so mix fun. The food is great and the people here are a blast. The only negative is they don't have deserts. This place screams s'mores and twinkee's but all they have is fruit. Regardless... Amaze balls!
Great panini's & great, cheap coffee. What more could you ask of a coffee shop?
Food was ok, nothing that stood out, crowded and slow service, most likely wont be back, nothing to drive across town for!
Average place, average service, average food. Plenty of beer on tap but it's over priced and warm.
Food was great ...service fun....clean....cheap unbelievably cheap....i will come back everytime i come to vegas!!!!
With the spot on \"Man V. Food\" tv show I had to check this place. I came on Fat Tuesday for the crawfish specialty and man did it deliver. It was delicious from first bite to last, and the staff is incredibly nice and helpful. I do plan on brining my family again
With limited delivery options, we were very excited to try this. Sadly the food was very bland and didn't have enough sauce on our pitas. We got Greek salads too and the dressing had no flavor. Would be willing to try again but would ask for additional sauce and a different side then salad.
The only times that I have gone here was because we had a family gathering and some nut always picks this place.\n\nI do not like it ...at all. I have gotten sick after eating here twice and the service has always been terrible.
I cannot stand inconsistency, and that is what you get here at this location. Sometimes it's great, and other times it's just not.  So, I find myself coming here less and less.\n\nPlus side the staff are very friendly.
Decent place to hang out.  I had the experience waiting for a shuttle bus and all the tour buses that use this as a pickup point.  I would not say it is the most modern and fancy Casino in Vegas and it shows.  I would not have a problem staying here if the price was right.
Referred to Hash House by locals just after we moved to Las Vegas. I remember large servings of just average breakfast food in a noisy industrial setting. We later discovered the many Cracked Eggs around town, and prefer them when we want to eat breakfast out.
This place is not like any other in the state. Their wine list is truly astonishing, yet you do not need to be a wino to appreciate it. They have an amazing liquor and beer selection, and the ambiance  and worldly music is perfect!
Btw... Get the sesame chicken.  It is wonderful too.
Went again this past weekend and it's official- I'm in love! Excellent Pad Thai, and their house soups are pretty great too!
I ordered a lunch special and the rice, chicken, spring roll and soup were perfect!!!!! They were courteous and nice and professional. Also had a smile on there face. I will definitely be back.
bought shoes and then exchanged them for diff ones.  pro tip:  clean them before you exchange them.  it'll save you a lot of hassle.
Nice customer service but that's it. \n\nWorst fish and chips I have ever had. And their Pete's sauce sucks hard. Seriously please don't ever eat here. I have stomach ache.
I was not expecting quality Italian pizza in the middle of a desert. This pizza is fantastic! I like the Margherita DOC because it comes with imported mozzarella, fresh basil and crushed tomatoes versus the standard Margherita.
\"I really want a rooty tooty fresh and fruity... But I'll settle for this delicious healthy Greek scramble!
Had lunch here.  Food was cooked good but selection is small compared to buffets in Louisiana.  Not worth the 31$ price plus tip.  Go off the strip to find some real food.  Vegas strip buffets are all about flash.
Best pumpkin pie ever.
What a let down!!!  We were so excited to try Okada after reading reviews on Yelp.  Rolls weren't horrible but nothing spectacular.  The restaurant feels small and cramped.  I'll stick to Social House and Sushi Samba.
Moscow Mules and the scallops were amazing, while their chopped salad was bigger and just as good as Cowboy Chio's.
Awesome shark tank! Great wait staff! My whole family had a great time. I had the turkey platter which tasted good. Then I spent the next  24 hours with food poisoning.
I've only been here once and it was OK. If you're into the English pub scene, you would probably like it since everything is decently priced. However, a friend of mine tells me that they broke into her car on a Friday night, smashed the window and all, so I would be careful about what you leave in your vehicle.
This is where i go for my oil changes. It's a Great place,  fast and provides friendly service. Highly recommended.
I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone who craves some authentic mexican food.  It's worth the drive and very clean.\n\nGet the sonoran dog it will change your life. The ladies here are great.
The classic supreme pizza is the best . The new gourmet pizzas are like eating out of a trash can!
They are so helpful and nice. Tried another place closer to home, big mistake. More money and not as good. I make the drive now, so worth it! Not to mention I quit smoking cigarettes. They found me the perfect flavor. Thanks guys.
You will not find a better salon! Great products, great staff, and amazing service! Go see Dorian!!
This place was very unimpressive. When it was the Mez it was much better. The quality of the food and service has gone down, the bathrooms were a mess and the theater wasn't even ready for us to enter until after the movie was supposed to start. Don't waste your money.
Kevin and his team are up front , honest and do great work. I have had issues with vehicles that nobody else seem to be able to fix, that kevin was able to find and solve in no times. I would recommend anyone that is looking for good honest work to go to this shop. As good as it gets.
The salesperson I had today was so rude.  I will certainly think twice before going back.  The drive to the Shoebox is not that bad and there is always Zappos.
Overrated, No where to stand and decor was lacking..... My friends and I were truly disappointed. Do yourself a favor, regardless of the talent, hit Light, Marquee, XS, TAO...any place but here
Food is expensive for serving size.
Horrible service! Crappy food! We waited 45 min at our table before we even got any type of food.
I LOVE Bosa! And to be honest, I prefer them over Dunkin Donuts! Friendly staff and delliiicciooousss donuts and cheap too! :) Their breakfast food items are really good too!!! I recommend this place for donuts over Dunkin any day if the week!
Very good food fast even at lunchtime. Good selection of meats, veggies, egg told and wontons. Food  cooked fresh.  Healthy relatively. Ritter than a burger. Reasonably priced with tasty iced tea. A great lunch alternative to the usual fast good.
Great service, amazing food.  The baked scallops were delicious.  The spicy tuna and salmon were creamy and had just the right amount of heat.
I received a call after my appointment requesting blood work. I was told the form would be coming in the mail, but I haven't seen it for weeks. I called for a second and I haven't received that either.\n\nThey could be more of a help or do a better follow-up.
The guy overcharged my sister for sure! Pizza was mediocre, I'm from NY and I know what good pizza tastes like.
Just OK...our salads were good and the service was acceptable.  Nothing spectacular about this place that makes me want to rush back.
This mall seems to continue going downhill as the years pass. They've done a few renovations since it was bought out by Westcor, but it's still not somewhere I would go out of my way for. There are nicer malls with the same selection of stores throughout the valley.
I won't be back! I didn't appreciate the staff mocking me. I know my server could speak perfect English, but instead put on a show while laughing behind my back. I've been to many sushi places around town and there is nothing special about this one.
I think this is the worst Pei Wei I've been to.  The food was very bland and the whole restaurant was, for a lack of a better word... FILTHY.
Seriously one of the BEST clubs in Vegas. I thought nothing could top XS but wow. Really pretty venue and the ambiance is way chill. Drinks were the typical vegas price but it was well worth it because they played good music.\n\nSurrender over XS any day!!
The chicken Me Kong noodle is one of the best foods I've eaten in Pittsburgh.
Absolutely an awesome breakfast place. Filled with cute coca cola memorabilia. We loved the bacon, extra crispy hash browns (ask for it) and a huge and tasty chicken fried steak with gravy.
Not impressed, by the food. This place seems like a great place to grab drinks, all with the immense scotch collection and the lively atmosphere. But when it comes to food I wasn't really impressed. Everything seemed a little muted. Probably would not be coming back.
Its alright, I think they are better then Sweet Tomatoes. They offer more variety then Sweet tomatoes and they are cheaper. You get a coupon for Souper salad, then i would go here.
Folks are nice and they do a good job. You can't beat the straight razor on the back for the money too. Worth the wait if they're a little busy.
Ikea is always a fun place to wander around in if only to check out the model rooms. We occasionally buy some furniture, houseware and kitchenware.The restaurant is good for breakfast or lunch. The environment is large and clean and well run. Always a pleasure to visit this store.
My husband and I went there on a whim and were extremely pleased. The vegetarian and gluten free options were fantastic to include GF injera. We shared the vegetarian combo and left with full bellies. The service and prices are also appetizing! We will definitely go back.
Good enough Mexican food at reasonable (for the Vegas Strip) prices. The location on the canal is very entertaining. I recommend the Watermelon margarita and recommend against the raspberry one.
I been here twice so far and both times I was very happy. My favorite is the taco salad vegetarian style. The oatmeal cookies and red velvet cupcakes are amazing. Its hard to believe that they are vegan.
Out of all the wells fargos that I have been to this is the branch that I love.  They really take the time to make you happy and usually waves any fees that you have gotten.  Every other branch that I have been to I have had some bad experiences.  But going to this branch has given me faith in the banking industry
We have 3 better places out in Summerlin and there was nothing remarkable about my experience here. Service was so so even with the House manager working the room.
Excellent neighborhood place, great food, very reasonably priced. I will go vack again and again.
Good for drinks only, food tasted horrible.  How can you mess up on teriyaki chicken?! It tasted like plastic, and they the staff didnt even do anything about it when asked to change it. Horrible.
The St Germain martini is Awesome!! I loved the cauliflower app. My sandwich was just ok, but I would definitely go back and try something else.
FINALLY! Found some tacos worthy of my time. They offer regular size as well as the mini \"street tacos\" size. Prices are really cheap and everyone loved what they got. This has become my destination for tacos.
Good food,  good service,  good music,  good experience
The food is worth two stars; I've had much better but it could be worse.  I have not found better Japanese food around Waterloo, but this was not worth going back to.  The strip-mall location is bad and inside the restaurant is poorly decorated.  Service was acceptable.
paper thin walls let you hear everything in your neighbors room, grumpy old manager doesnt have time for customers with complaints and just refunds your money instead of dealing with it. this place sucks
Hmmmm, well the food was okay. the service was okay. the atmosphere was just okay. \n\nThat sums it up.
I'm a regular here.  Best steak and lobster I ever had!
There is something just missing from this beef sandwich. I cant place my finger on it. It wasnt bad at all but its missing something. I had the beef sandwich wet, with cheese and peppers just how i get it at al's and its short.
I was told this is one of the best buffets on the strip.  Think again.  They have a good variety of food, but very poor quaility.  I had high expectations Planet Hollywood!
The reason I love this place is because it has an array of food for every person and stomach and the food is simply delicious!\nAs for the cheesecake, you can't beat the choices and service is really good
Amazing food and service! I'm a super picky eater and had a hard time picking one thing to order bc it all looked so good! The homemade pasta with braised short ribs made me want to come back for sure!
If you could roll up most of Rodeo Drive into a shopping mall then this would be the place.  Unfortunately there really isn't much else but high end stores.  \n\nIt can also be slightly clunky to get through every corner of the mall.\n\nBring cash...plastic can be dangerous!
Went here for a bday party.  All of the food was amazing!  We had six different Tapas and a huge pan of Paella and loved every bite!  They also had music and a flamenco dancing to add to the fun!
I go here much more often than is good for the waist line.  Food is great and consistent, service is very good, and the people are nice.
Our  breakfast this past weekend, not so good. super crowded and order was not correct.
Cafeteria food, no flavor \n\nI did a combo with the turkey sandwich, salad, and mac, I have to say I think my favorite thing might have been the pickle. For $11 bucks really,.. no thanks. Plenty of better deli's around here
It is nice to know that there is a place that serves great and delicious food at a reasonable price and that it is family oriented also the staff is very friendly and welcoming they are people that you would like to have at your house just to say.  Plus to top it off  they serve coconut cream pie for dessert hallelujah.
Hmmm, well we were the only two people in there.. and the food took 25 minutes. For a gyro and a veggie pita??? After that, it wasn't anything all that good :( Meh, probably not going to go back.
It is and has been the best gym ever. The staff are courteous and the equipment is up to date. It's worth the money. My kids even like the play area. But you shouldnt sign up cause I want it all to myself !
I got the Fiesta Benedict, really tasty.  The Jalapeno bacon was yummo!  I'm definitely a fan of this place, the food was great, and service was just fine.
Slightly below average Madison spa. Nothing overtly wrong with it, but there are many other, better options in Madison in this price range.
Be wary of this place - used a certain credit card here once during my whole vegas trip, and 3 months later find it has been skimmed and a bunch of fraudulent charges show up.
A very enjoyable zoo.  I recommend taking someone that is mentally deficient.
Customer Service is terrible. \nThey care more about $$$$ and themselves then they do helping the customers. \nI am done shopping here after my experience today. Thanks for nothing.\nI will now purchase my pool supplies online or at Ace Hardware across the street.
Been here a couple times. The quality of the food seems to be going down, fast. The service is ok, but definitely not great. The wait for food in the drive through is pretty bad, for fast food drive thru. Won't be going here very often. Too bad, cause I used to like their breakfast.
Not only was the food brunt but the customer service is ridiculous! Extremely rude! Make sure to triple check your order before handing the driver a tip!
This is just a review for their walk up, by the slice pizza. \n\nQuick and very, very good pizza. I tired the Forager and my girlfriend the Margarita pizza and it was delicious. Fast and easy, and just enough greasy.
are u kidding me people 4 stars had the spicy chicken bowl 98 percent rice chicken not spicy and the tuna roll well........ the tuna piece was so small all you could taste was rice i relize this place is cheap but thats because so is rice
Angry Ale's is, unfortunately, your typical 20-something bar. Weird beer selection, beer company reps all over the place, terrible music. Probably won't return, not on purpose anyway.
Saw Les Miserables here.  Parking deck full, so we had to park in an open lot.  The theatre itself is elegant, with plentiful seating.  Surprised that beverages are not sold during performances, as the proceeds could benefit the college and theatre.
ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE. Open Late night, fast service, friendly staff. BEST Curry in town and great location. Definitely my late night go-to Spot.
I bought a all day ride pass and only used it once on each ride. It was not what I expected it to be.
The food was great. However, service was very slow. We went on an off night and they weren't that busy. I'm not sure if they were understaffed. The staff seemed to cater to the bachelorette party that was there.
A perfectly servicable teahouse whose service, decour and food are largely unremarkable. Our table was both dirty and a bit wobbly. The server was perfunctory, if a bit gruff. Food was just fine.
i have not eaten here but fear not the place is closing and they are getting out..Harry doesn't know what he's doing and it shows by the reviews..the kid is no Peter hopefully he will continue to do what he does best which is nothing
The best Jewish Delli in the northeast Vally. The Cloak &. Dagger gets it today!
Have only had 1 massage here.  It was ok; felt more like a sports massage (with stretching involved) than a relaxing one.  I prefer the atmosphere and massage techniques at Dolce.  I do frequent this place for brow waxing, even though they did burn me once.  Cute place though.
New pho spot in Lee Lee market is much more than pho. Rice and noodle dishes are as good as ever, but the main attraction is the grilled food and the roll your own spring rolls with a grill at the table! Amazing, while your shopping and hungry, stop in.
When I go the meat is always frozen which tells me nothing is fresh, disgusting.. I will never go back to another subway. It's not just this location it's been many.
It was Cheese cake factory
Wow. The red headed woman who works in the clinic is downright f**king rude. Wont step foot in this place again.
Fabulous!  Just what we were looking for. The roast pork is amazing. My son had a huge cuban sandwich and hubby had the chicken cordon Bleu which were excellent as well.
Lux Coffee is a good cup of joe and even better place for creatives to run into each other.
Good place been to Blue Hound a few times.  This Sunday went for Brunch. They were out of Short Rib Hash. Disappointing. I might call ahead next time. Party of 11 took up most of the customer service. I will visit again but I will make sure all of menu is available.
Great space! I especially loved that the lower part of the Gallery that opens up to the park. A nice spot to take a breather and have snack.
Not sure if I will be back. Tried this one out because of the location and they didn't seem to be at all interested in what I asked for. Back to the Raintree location for me...
Awesome place \nBoris took good care and had lots of information and attention to detail. Next time ill get the hot strait razor shave as well.\nReally enjoyed the atmosphere and conversation. Ill definitely be back
Due to BPA concerns, I won't be getting hot sandwiches at Jason's anymore. All hot protein on sandwiches are heated in plastic bags. The club sandwiches are still awesome.
food is decent, good if you're craving a burger. I wasn't amazed and the burger gets sloppy towards the end. Also the breakfast is OK, nothing special
Bally's is one of the cheaper hotels on the strip and you get what you pay for. The location of this hotel is awesome but the rooms need some serious updating. I felt kind of dirty staying here. Look at all your options before booking a room here.
I have been going to Designer Shades for a little over a year and I have never ever had a bad experience with them. I was a little scared at first to try out spray tanning but now that I have started I am in love. The people at Designer Shades make you feel very comfortable, and the tan looks flawless every time!
Fresh, BYOB, great service. Say no more.
It used to be good but they really lose quality... Doesn't worth waiting...\n\nThe problem is not the price or waiting.\nBut it's the food and presentation what sucks... \n\nSushi Kaya is always better alternative.
Friendly, fresh and nice atmosphere. The food is clearly made with care.
Food was good, not great.  Service was poor.  It took a while to get our food; the server offered Parmesan cheese for our entree and then never brought until we ask again when he returned 15 min later.  The last straw was the double charge for our meal to our resort account.
First time ordering flower from this company and I'm not happy with what I got.  I'm very disappointed, the flower (fashionista Blooms) that I order didnt even come close to the picture on their website.  Not worth spending $82 bucks.
Gas prices are really good here. Usually I drove a couple blocks more and gas is more expensive than here. Another thing, if you get the rewards card from Food 4 Less and for every $100 of groceries you spend, you get 10\u00a2 off per gallon, Pretty good I would say!
Our worst meal of the weekend.   Fish and chips only came with 2 small pieces of fish and were very dry.  Our friends got a chicken sandwhich that was dominated by the bread.  Seriously, there was barely any chicken yet the bread on the sandwich was enormous.  Would not recommend
It's a bit confusing, not enough signs to direct people to gates, etc.. Like bathroom is not on the same level as the gates, security check point isn't on the same level as the check in counter, and not enough information as available about how to get to the city, etc.
I only venture over to Carolina Place when I have gift cards for JC Penny and now that they've done away with all the good sales on kids clothing it's really not even worth the trip since the other stores are just regular mall stores.  Nothing special about Carolina Place unless you live close by, otherwise South Park is your best bet.
I came here for a nice sandwich for lunch instead of patronizing the mega-corporate Subway next door. But alas, the sign on the door sez \"we're closed\".....
Staff is great workout facility is clean and relatively big, but it concerns me a bit room service trays are in the hall from last night
I don't know what the big deal is about this place.  They sell sandwiches for an average price on Las Vegas blvd.  The sandwiches are mediocre.  They are purely hype in my opinion and not worth the hoop la.   \n\nShort and simple: \"nothing special\"
A glass of mostly ice, cheap margarita mix and a rumor of tequila for $16?   Wow.   Only one bowl of tortilla chips?   Wow!   Border Grill, you might want to think a little more about giving your customers a little better service and value for the dollar.
The curry was awesome.  We had some California rolls with this sauce that was good too.  Great for quick bite.
Went here a few weeks ago with a few friends. Love the place! It's has a very nice atmosphere. I only got dessert and it was very good! My other friends got salads and said that it was delicious as well. Definitely a fan, glad I drove by!
I always love their falafel plate. Comes with rice and salad. I love the Greek hot sauce--$0.54 extra.
Perfectly good all-American diner-type breakfast offerings (sadly, no oatmeal!).  No surprises,  coffee served immediately and always refilled before you run out.  Popular with the old-folks for sure.\n\nNot the kind of place I would pick for lunch or dinner.
Mislead and disappointed. My expectation was that of a large \"traditional\" hobby store that carried models, radio control equipment, trains, etc. Hobby Lobby is a large JoAnns and Michaels put together with  the \"traditional\" portion only one small aisle in size. Big disappointment for me.
I thought the pizza was okay but certainly not great.  We got the Gotham and some of it was burnt on top and on the bottom.  I wouldn't go here again with so many great options in Vegas.
Cool funland.  I like the fact when I'm playing tables, great classic rock tunes are on.  The decor is very nice and its not full of idiots.  The rooms do suck though and really small, so stay at the Aria.  Its primo and you can walk over to PH.
Services is great. Order lunch special, so little amount. Need to pack in better container.
Mall food sucks, but The Nordstrom Caf\u00e9s are always reliable. The salad and panini we got were made in front of us and were amazing. Portions were generous as well. Service was great too, and we were given yummy mint chocolates at the end.
I come here for the all you can eat sushi. Its great for the price. I wish I can eat oysters unlimited too though otherwise I don't have any complaints.
The staff is friendly. But PLEASE NOTE: the UPS stores cannot accept any liquids or restricted shipping items. All of these can only be shipped from the main center.
I love live comedy.  I hate going to this club.  \nThat is all.
Quick lunch so I had the Spinach power salad.  Pretty quick and easy.  Salad tasted pretty good.  Lots of people in there so it was pretty noisy.
It's a freeway.\n\nTraffic sucks near downtown but the views are nice through Dreamy Draw.\n\nI think I just saw Kurdy passing by!
Had better service ... Ordered the Stuffed portabella mushroom. Cheese was not melted at all. Waitress was more concern getting back to chatting with co workers. Best thing was turkey sausage and it was locally made... Not on house ... Not worth coming back for.
I've been coming to Kolbys for the past 25 years... Still the same great service and delicious food!
The bar area is very kool..love the kettle martinis and the ribeye and steak sauces are amazing
We chose Bravo to celebrate my son's birthday, and I must say they are consistently great!  The seafood ravioli, chicken parm, and kids pizza were all very good.  It was a week night so no crowds, just in and out.
Last few tries have been more hit and miss.  Difficult to order and food quality has been off sometimes.
We visited November 2012. It was a very good experience' the food was excellent as was the service. I can't wait to go back to Phoenix so I can try the other location in Chandler.
The Cheesecake Factory seems to have traded quality for quantity to appeal to a different type of diner. I was very disappointed in the meal which was huge and tasteless. It reminded me of Mimi's, another restaurant that i will be sure not to frequent. The desert (cheesecake) was good.
I have had two bad experiences. Call me stupid, but I'm trying one last time to support a local business. We'll see how it turns out. Check back. No disasters from last visit, but I'm not going back.
We went there with another couple on a Saturday night and had a great time. Got there just after 7:00 pm for the 7:30 show and people were already in line. The comedians were hysterical. This place is great and the drinks and service were also great. Will definitely go back again!
Heck. Yes.  This place is amazing.  Basic, flavorful, and cheap.  I am guilty for not eating here after passing this place for years because it looks like a sketch fest.  Shame on me.  Don't make the same mistake!
The lady that answers the phone is rude. And btw, they no longer accept spay/neuter pet vouchers.
This place has the worst customer service I have experienced. The staff is rude and apparently doesn't accept customers after 7:10pm.
Very nice place! Very friendly staff. So many flavors to choose from. Highly recommended
When we first pulled up I wasn't sure...The outside looked very outdated but when we walked in I felt much better. The rooms were spacious and clean. The happy hour and breakfast were a nice touch but the heated pool in the summer in AZ was no bueno and no wifi.
This is a very cute place! Try the coral reef cocktail and they also have smores!  Very friendly staff and the food is delicious. They come in smaller portions so u can order a variety of food. They also have a point system where u can rack up points for free food later! Would definitely come again
They fucked it up...who ever did what ever and what ever it was it was wrong.
I was supremely irritated by the airport security chick who nearly ran us over with the metal gate to stop pedestrian traffic for the taxis! I hate to be that conspiracy person, but are there kickbacks involved? Why the rush to push more cabs in the already full cab line while nearly mauling civilians???
Very disappointed with City Tavern. The place looks very warn and the food was awful and the prices were outrageous.
Awesome in the single word! Affordable in the second word! Easy to find out whatever you need  gifting shop also can be said. Actually I love books and also this store like due to the service I have taken from them. Taken different types of books mentioned good.
Eight Day promises to be a new hangout for local downtowners. Coffee is good , conversation is good and the service was excellent. Can't wait to visit again!
Very friendly staff. Sucks you have to pay for wifi. Room decor is outdated. The water pressure in the showers was really bad.
I love PF and although every restaurant on the strip is constantly crowded and noisy, this restaurant when I visited it was not half bad with the noise. PF has amazing soup and their Mongolian beef is incredibly delicious/mouthwatering! Downtown on the strip check this place out!
Love this place. DEFINITELY get the D-box upgrade for action movies. Worth it! It is pricier than some of the theaters, but why not. You get to reserve your seats, you can get a cup of coffee and a legit meal. Also the employee's are nice people!
Have to agree with other reviews.  High quality tasty food in a very nice ambiance just a little pricey for off strip.  Bread and rice were extra.  Had 1 entree 1 skewer rice and desert water and the bill came to $52
I like this bar because of it's outdoor focus.  They have tons of patio space available and on warm weekend nights you can find it packed with a youthful, friendly crowd.  They have some good beers here as well as a few sea foods and other appetizers to help that beer soak in.
So had this for the first time this weekend. Eh taste like a cupcake not over the top amazing but not dry and bad so yeah good cupcake. Heard people wait in line for these I wouldn't but if no line and I wanted a cup cake yes I would stop.
The inspector Kevin Barboza was very nice answering every question I had. He gave me details that needs to be done and even have suggestions and recommendations.
Don in electronics is the rudest costco employee I have ever run in to.  I was going to buy laptop but went to Sams Club .
Great green tea:)
YELP IS WRONG AGAIN! This place closes early. Not , 8pm as YELP erroneously states but 6pm. So forget coffee after work or dinner.
Good experience, will def. come back if I'm in town for work again!
Shop here regularly!\n\nAlways well stocked, great fresh produce, great selection of products. The staff is always friendly!\n\nVery well kept, always clean!
I stayed here for 3 nights just a week ago. The casino is old and smoky. But the room was very clean and looked good for the rate. I booked through expedia.com. The rate included free value slam breakfast at Denny's. So it was a good deal.
Its ok compared to the restaurants in Socal. the service is average. but i don't know if its just me but it seems like the wings taste different.
Delicious tasty well seasoned dumplings. Very fresh. Well made. Explosion of flavor when the dumpling's inside soup gets in your mouth. Quaint little underground place. You have to be patient, but it is understandable, as the dumplings are prepared as you order.
Food tasted like it was cooked with cream of mushroom soup. Flavor was very gringo. Service was so so. Found a hair in the food.
My father in law and I stopped here after a MLB Spring Training game. I'd like to go back to this place when it get's in the 100's. Bet there's some serious people watching here.
We go here a lot based on convenience. Take out only. Their food is ok. Can be inconsistent. But they're down the street and good if you don't have time to make dinner.
Very clean salon. Friendly staff, never a line. Not sure if I will go back though, 4 nails broke within 5 days and i'm not hard on them and have been getting my nails done for years, never had more than one break.
All I can say is -- get rid of the salt! Wow, food was just okay but the salt level was overboard.
I enjoyed visiting the shop and the BBQ they provided at the Selwyn day the summer of 2011.  I did not know they were there.  I agree with a previous post the wine is overpriced for my wallet.  However, the cuts of meat are great.
Food is good, beer is amazing! Highly recommend stopping in if you're in the neighborhood.
Warning! Had the foie grass dish. Worst ever. Do not order this. Asked to have it redone and they brought the same platter. Do not order. This is junk.
What else can I say WOW.....This place is amazing the staff was friendly and helpful. Service was above and beyond......The food was perfect spot on.......
Wow I always go across the street at echo and rig, went here for the first time.... The place is beautiful!!!! the way it was set up, the decor, amazing food at had there special lobster jambalaya that was delicious, they have good selection of wine as well
The worst chicken vindaloo I have ever experienced on three continents. I would not go back to this restaurant. I complained to what appeared to be the owner, who stated the chef would come and see me. I am still waiting.
Absolutely the worst experience I've ever had at a car rental place in my life.\n\nDeceptive practices. Outright lies. Stay away.
The desert was pathetic. The food was not so good.
I love coming here for blowouts. I've gone to several different people and have never had a bad experience. I have long, curly hair so my hair can be a total pain. My favorite person is Hope. She's awesome! Go see her!
Rather uninteresting.
My new favorite place in concord. Not only do you get an amazing view, but the food is awesome and the beer is litterally ice cold. We all had burgers and they were perfectly executed. Service was awesome, staff was super attentive and friendly.
Love Citizens. It's a reasonably priced place to eat at Mandalay Bay if you just want food and aren't looking for a particular vibe. Good food and decent service. Worth checking out.
From getting my normal hair or trying something new I always leave with a fresh look. Thanks
This place is a dump!  Went for spring break April 2013 and would not let my 5 and 7 year old in the dirty pool - water slide is lame and the wave rider is a total rip off - checked-out 2 hours after we checked-in
Hands down one of the best on the strip. We tried aria and we're not impressed expect the meats were delicious ......But the bellagio has soooo many choices the dessert and sushi were awesome.
Soppressata... you are my mistress.... your creamy texture, the saltiness of your flesh, I must have you every day. Know that if we are found out I will call you a whore, for it is not my fault that I yearn for you.
Amazing chana masala and the spice levels were very good - exactly what I ordered, and it was hot!  Overall breads were good as well, and the food was the main reason to go here.  Service could have been much better and it is a somewhat sketchy location next to a \"massage parlour\".
Great service! Great food! I suggest the chicken salad or meatballs but no matter what you get, you won't regret it. Family owned and operated. My boyfriend and I would recommend this restaurant to everyone!\nLiked: Food, Service, Atmosphere, Value, Roast beef
Convenient but bland.  They didn't skimp on the meat, but they did skimp on the flavor.  Seemed like they boiled the ribs rather than smoke them.  A McRib has more taste than the ribs I had today.
Now that i finished my meal, food is ok,  I ordered the orange chicken, and it was a definitely over done. \nI agree with a previous reviewer, definitely set up as a take out place, though I don't plan on taking anything out in the future. Staff is very friendly though.
I expected more for $5. especially with a hot dog place in the D ...
Took my mother here for her birthday dinner. Had a party of 8. Great atmosphere and our server was amazing. We will be back.
Rude service, unfair wait time for horrible food. Been up all night sick. But thanks to the manager who so promptly refilled my beer with her hand out for immediate payment as she removed my plate for a redo. Tourists don't even deserve this trap.
Never a wrong stop for beer and food.
I seriously think the Kobe beef patty in the 777 burger was not freshly prepared.  It was too round and flat to be molded in a chef's hand.
Needs to be more like the place in the epicenter. Hate how you have to write your order on a dry erase board. The movie we saw was in a theater with 2 rows so we were starring straight up which isn't fun for your neck or easy to eat.
BEST\nBREAKFAST\nEVER\n!
There's always smiling faces and quick service when I order my veggie on 7 grain bread. It's fresh and delicious!
We went for drinks and dinner on a Thursday evening. The staff were very helpful and the food was excellent. Innovative appetizers and very large portions for the entrees.
Food is so so.  Good for watching a rugby game and having a pint.
Great Sesame bagel! It is a little sweeter and less hard than NYC bagels but they are great. Definitely eat them while they are hot because that is the best. I still think NY Bagels are the bomb :)
Yum!!! Great Filet!!! Seasoned & cooked perfectly!!! Friendly staff!!
Awesome, delicious, you have to try it!
The employees here are unbelievable.  Literally watched one wrap up my burrito by squeezing out all of the sour cream then rolling it in it...plus my friends margarita took seriously 5 minutes to make.
Ate here yesterday for lunch.  I had the Ahi Tuna (yum) and my mom had the Chinese Chicken wrap with sweet potato fries.  She said the wrap was really good and refreshing. We both agreed their fries were the best we ever had.  They were hot and salted just right.
Pork tacos are real good.  My wife likes the pork salad.  All tacos are quite good.
I hereby declare my love for Mini Quesadillas, and everything else they offer here. Great food
We went on a Saturday night and the place was completely dead. There was only one other couple in the entire restaurant section. Very nice decor, but the food was mediocre at best. The only reason this place gets 3 stars is because the service was outstanding.
Amazing show.  One of the best Cirque du Soleil shows I've seen.  This show has more of a plot than other shows, and focuses a little more on the breathtaking stage sets.
I love this place. I eat here anytime I go downtown for anything. Always get the Gyro with extra meat and sauce. So amazing. YUM!
Food is good, but service is SLOW! I would suggest driving to a different location, the one at desert ridge is better.
Food is pretty good.  Service is totally fine.
If you're used to acai bowls where the acai is semi-frozen and delicious, that's not what you're going to find here. Ours was really runny. Maybe we are biased having just returned from Hawaii where the acai bowls are nothing short of spectacular, but this was really disappointing.
I ordered through eat24. 35 minutes later they called to tell me they didn't have chicken fingers. After An hour I tried to call. An hour and twenty minutes later I contacted eat24 who tried to call. No response. No pizza. I got my money back but Wtf?
Very nice place for clubbing, nice music, good drinks , not that big of a place but you will enjoy yourself to the max..
this place is amazing....I'd give it more stars if I could, everything they have is awesome and the people that work there are all great
tepanyaki? yes. damn good, to boot. this place is super-fantastic, and gets better EVERY time i hit this place up. killer food, cool vibe, and a killer Saki menu. that's hot!
Do not eat here! Food had no taste and was very greasy. I had a few mussels which tasted weird like they had gone bad or something. I got sick after and spent my night with a horrible stomach ache and i had to puke all i ate. Yes its cheap but its not worth risking your health.
Extensive menu.  Food ok but a little greasy but otherwise not bad.  Typical service at a Vietnamese restaurant.
It's a Dunkin Donuts.  However on our last visit, service inside was extremely slow -- which would be okay because they were busy, but not a single smile from the person helping us?!  Smiling and being friendly goes a looooong way with me.  Was even more disappointed to find out that said person was a manager.
Celebrated my wife's bday here. Wasn't expecting much, but had a wonderful dinner with amazingly cooked meat. Tenderloin was superb, as was the tuna. Great variety for the wine list with lots of affordable options. Great environment and service was terrific.
fun place to hang out with friends during the weekend!\n\nhave yet to try the food
This place is terrible. I got new tires from here and the car was shaking when I would brake. Took it back in and the manager stood there while some guy came out from the back and started smarting off. Don't go here. Bad service all around.
My appt was at 3:30 and still haven't been seen yet by the doctor and it is now 4:53pm. Didn't plan to wait this long just to be seen for an injured  wrist. The front oFfice staff is nice,  but be prepared to wait. They really need a second doctor. Ugg!
The best gastronomic experience ever! We tried the tasting menu offered by the chef, and we were amazed by each plate! The server Nick was excellent, we absolutely loved the experience!
Salesman here is a slime ball. Acted like he had no sales or floor models to sell. Bought a bed from another location for literally 75% cheaper than the bed he was trying to sell me. That was his generous doing me a favor price.
Not a fan of this store.
Great cinnamon rolls and burnt almond tort!  Chocolate fudge icing is fantastic.
Mediocre. They forgot our bottom less chips and our steak fries that came with our dinner! Our waiter was nice but still a little clueless. Food was alright
Great food. If I wanted a mom watching our drinking (I'm 34 and have been here with every age group) I'd grill at my mom's house. Carla is ridiculous. Not sure if this place has had issues in the past, but avoid it if you want to have more than 2 beers.
Always great pizza when you have the cash. Can be pricey depending on how many toppings. Usually order takeout because this location is always so packed.
My fave dish is the value menu ground beef enchilada! I substitute my rice with cilantro rice --- healthier and I love cilantro! And they have the BEST fried ice cream ever!
$400 IN DAMAGES\n\nThey cracked my oil pan and it cost me four hundred dollars to repair. Everything was fine before I brought it here. Mechanic said it looked like they put my bolt in crooked and then hammered it in. Avoid at all cost. They will ruin your car.
While the food was decent the lights went out. Can't afford to pay the power bills?!?! #cantpaytherent
I had lunch there this week and got a buffalo burger with pub fries.  The food was good and the service was fine.  There was nothing that struck me as amazing.  I at lunch for during work hours so I didn't want to try a beer, which depending on the taste altered the rating.  I do enjoy a good stout.
Great food, fun atmosphere.  I wish they would bring back the Jalepeno mashed potatoes :)\n\nCan be VERY crowded
Update.  It is 7/31/13.  Arizona solar concepts finally called me back yesterday.   Of course I am in Europe and couldn't take their call but it's nice knowing they return calls after two months.  More to come I suppose.
A boba place?  In the desert?  Oh yes!\n\nI actually still crave the watermelon smoothie with boba.  Most refreshing drink ever created.
I have been a customer here for a while. You get good results on areas with thicker, coarse hair. Areas with finer hair take longer and may grow back. Don't take antibiotics for 7 days prior to your appointment. Avoid sun for a week before and after treatment as well!
Service was good, food was solid if unspectacular.  Great atmosphere.  I'll give it another shot next time we're in town.
Small neighborhood place. Ok, if anyone actually is available.
My favorite sushi place! They are so welcoming and delicious! My favorite rolls are the island and the big island! Plus poke express is inside of here! :)
Ehhh. Not much else really to say. It wasn't bad, wasn't great. My experience was just EH.
Took the car there today and paid $25 for a VIP wash. They only polished half the inside and didn't even shine the tires. It was the end of the day so it looks like they were rushing so they could go home. I know I should have double checked, but  they should do it right the first time.
I ate here again last week (comped) and was actually very happy. Good salad, sushi was actually fresh and many of the bbq items quite good.
This is by far one the of best local eateries I have been to. The service and food are always top notch and the place is always clean.
Funny little place, we enjoyed it, but it was hard to understand the menu and options. We got two slices of pizza, nice and I did a plate at the salad bar, by the pound.\n  Fresh cheap and nice, I would love to know what I should have ordered.
I ordered a chicken udon, inari, and rice to go. The food was ok and took too long to prepare, almost 20 minutes. It was a to go order and when I got to the house there was no rice in the bag yet when i checked the receipt they had charged me. \n\nI was very disappointed.
We came here for a fundraiser for our school. The pizzas are pretty small and bland. the salads are forgettable also.
Quality food Quality service. 5 star!
Come play poker here, I want to take your money.
Great tea store!  The owner is always on site and is the most knowledgeable tea person that I have ever met.  They have samples of all of their teas to smell before purchasing, such a great idea.   They also have a nice store with plenty of neat items to purchase.
Awesome!  If you haven't tried it, you have to; that's all I'm going to say.   I really want to go back again.
I would highly recommend!!!! Great Korean food! Better than alot of Korean restaurants back in LA. Under new ownership. The Korean couple who own it are friendly, especially the Ahjussi (man). \nGive it a try if you like Asian cuisine with quality ingredients.\n\nPlace was extremely clean too.
Great architecture, but other than that, overpriced for food that doesn't impress.  Only plus is that it's quiet.
Great beds!  And, the breakfast buffet is decent. Nothing spectacular about this place but good overall.  (Also loved the hot cookies upon check-in.)
This place is ok. The guy had the grill too high and slightly burnt most of our food. Sushi looked pretty good, but I didn't try it. We'll be sticking with Ah So as their food is much better tasting.
Worst barber shop I've been too in a long time. Terrible customer service. Give your money to better people.
The service and atmosphere were great; however, for the price of the food vs quantity and taste... Not worth it and most likely not return unless brought by a friend again.
Didn't replenish toiletries; did not think it was 4 star rating.
I am not a fondue fan so I wasn't expecting much out of a group meal but our service was extremely slow. I am under the impression they get a lot of groups and we had made a reservation way in advance. Wouldn't choose to come here again.
Terrible, and not cheap. The roast beef was bloody. The chicken salad was bland. The soda was watery. The only ray of light to our meal was the onion rings are super yummy. Would not suggest this place to anyone. With a million restaurants in Vegas you can find better anywhere else.
They handle the massive traffic quite well.  Free wifi, good selection of food, plenty of places to sit.\n\nStay away from their tight slot machines and be prepared to walk a bit to get to your gates.
This review is strictly for Costco on Saturday mornings.. its a raging fucking zoo complete with kids, old people and free food samples. Seriously, there was a line for Uncrustables.. the PB&J crust less sandwiches.. come on! \n\nCostco on Saturday mornings feels so small.
This Cold Stone Creamer should be called \"not so cold stone creamery.\" Paid $6 for a slushy milkshake-like waffle cone. To top it all; waffle cone stale. Never again!
I got robbed here! Sucks. This place used to be awesome and now it is trashy and gross. Go somewhere else.
Excellent food, great service, a very nice and come little place. Everything on the menu has been wonderful. I try something new every time and am never disappointed. They're coffee is fantastic too!
Use to be good, looks like the old guy who worked there before got shitty is no longer there. Disappointed.... Don't order from here
Wonderful neighborhood Italian spot. Waiter was from Milan. Great evening!
Their food is just okay.  I've tried several of their dishes and only like one.  My friend and I tried their almond and taro milk tea, and they were terrible!  I don't think they used tea to make the milk TEA.  They taste like they mixed the taro/almond powder with water...
First real experience with a UK pub and it was great. The bartenders were polite and quick to serve you. Good selection of beer on tap and good liquor selection. It was a little crowded but that added to the experience. Would come back here if I ever made it back to Edinburgh.
Best sushi in Phoenix.
Beware -  this loan center will say you get a loan just to get all your personal information then deny you and will sell or report all your info to local collection agencies that will pick up your old debts and repost them as current debts on your credit report and hound you.   DONT give out your info to this loan center!!
It's my fault. I knew going to jack in the box after midnight meant the milkshake machine would be cleaning and the made to order burgers would be warmed up and made to be reheated. My ultimate cheeseburger had fresh sauce but it was not able to cover the old burger patty lukewarm taste.
Horrible margaritas. Cabo Wabo is not a good tequila, IMHO.\n\nService was OK, food was below average for a Mexican chain. I won't return.
They call people on the DO NOT CALL list.
I have had my nails done by Mike twice now. Both were fantastic. The salon is clean, the massage chairs are new, and I never feel rushed through even though this place is usually busy. I recommend getting an appointment before you show up, especially during busy times. They always have customers!
Very mediocre Gringo-style Mexican Food. Save some dollars and go to Taco Bell. \n\nPortions small as well. Medium salsa was good but tamales were very hard.
The best tilt a kilt I've been to. Our server was funny, attractive, and did an excellent job. \n\n-grilled chicken sandwich was excellent
Service at this restaurant has declined.\nThis was my go to place every-time I visited the area before making it my home.\nThe food was so good and service so pleasant, but not anymore.\nPlace has a funny odor now, never going back again.
Dirty tables and booth seats. Not well maintained.  Service is mediocre.  Food average
This diner has the feel of a local establishment that's been successful for 30+ year's. The Pancakes are awesome! My wife loved the eggs Benedict.  The service is excellent. The owner, Joe, was very nice. We will be back and bring our friends next time.
Way too many kids for my preference.  Running around screaming.
Sooo good! Cool place. Guacamole is expensive and not the best. They do make it in front of you which is neat.
It's open late, which is great, but it's neither locally owned nor very high quality.
Clean and decent. Very affordable place to stay. It is your typical average size room. My 3 stars represent a decent hotel on the strip in Vegas. I would give 5 stars to places like the Venetian, Bellagio and Encore.
No problems at this QT.  As expected. Always prefer them if there's one around, over all other similar convenience stores.
I absolutely love City Smoke. I live and work in Uptown and this is my favorite place to eat. Good food, friendly service, creative drink selections... What more can a man ask for?
Great casino hotel.  Rooms are all 'suites\" with a step down living room from the bedroom. Quiet, which can be difficult to find in Vegas.  Good restaurants and shopping right at hotel. Good location on the strip too
Great service, friendly staff, excellent food!  This location is in the mall so it has a limited menu.  I just wish they had more options from their regular menu---like pizzas and a food happy hour!
Two visits during my brief trip to Phoenix.  Had carne asada both times.  The burrito was very plump and fresh.  I enjoy the very thin style tortillas used here.  Prices were dirt cheap.
Had to order 4 new tires, so made appointment to have them installed in few days. Only took them 45 minutes. I dealt with both the manager and another gentleman and they were both very professional and helpful. Price was only slightly higher than COSTCO. But Discount Tires was more convenient. Definitely will come back!
The sportsbook here is a joke i've seen walkin closets that are larger. No, really the sportsbook is really the size of some peoples living room. I guess they should change the name to the horse racing book because pretty much all the screens were in horse races during ncaa basketball season
Pizza is very delicious. And Jason, the waiter, is very attentive.
Great find everything else was closed so we decided to do a littler forth of July dinner  great service by Alfonso
Love this place. Its like a neighborhood bar, but all grown up. You can enjoy a nice delicious meal. The entertainment is always great. Make reservations, gets crowded during the summer months. Service is outstanding.
The food was fantastic. I had the cowboy skillet with bananas foster pancakes. The pancakes were to die for flavor was phenomenal.  Very attentive good service highly recommend
It was nice for the price. The room was very clean but the bathroom was very out dated and the shower would not keep a constant temperature. Upon check out the elevator broke down so I had to walk down 9 flights of stairs with my luggage. Room service was quick and the staff that I spoke with were very pleasant.
the food was decent
Great find. This place is legit. Love the texture of the noodles and perfectly cooked hard boiled egg. Nothing over $9.50 on the entire menu. Limited seating but worth the wait.
Sorry. 3 day old rice. Food was cold and the wings were stale.  I won't be back.
Sandwiches are quite good. Snacks are good too. Coffee is always excellent.\nThe bang mi Thit nuong is alright they don't have a lot of meat in it like they do in California.
This Aldo location has the worst sales associate I think I have ever dealt with.  If shopping here avoid the tall girl with long dark hair.  HORRIBLE is an understatement!
Rooms are nice, hotel staff was also nice and friendly.  Spa was not the greatest but overall a great deal fro the price I paid.
Really good pizza
The fish didn't appear to be fresh. No warm rolls.
Longest lines. I hate picking up packages here
Not sure why this place has all of the great reviews!  I've had better BBQ in Chicago and that pretty much sums it up!  BBQ sauce had no flavor!
Food was good...A solid dining wxperience, but the service was a bit lacking...no staff had personality and they forgot to bring out one of our dishes...After that we had to wait 30 minutes to get a corrected bill...dine with caution
I stopped here for a mojito while shopping Old Town.  Service was fast. \n\nBut I don't get the raves about the menu.  Frankly it looked unimaginative.  But predictability sells, too.  The place could use some spiffing since it's showing wear from its many devoted patrons.
I look forward to coming here each time I'm in Vegas.  Great food, good service and overall a great place to go for breakfast.  The real highlight would be the Bloody Mary Bar....not to be missed if you are here on a weekend!
Their food is awesome! Yummy bagels and donuts and fresh coffee but their service sucks! They need to learn to be more friendly & have a little more sense of good customer service.
The service was good but I was very disappointed in the food! Very salty and fatty food :( will not be back
I like this airport.  I don't like how long it takes to get your bags when you arrive & the security lines... but other than that it's a nice airport.
Eg
The BEST one in town!!!!!!!!!! Friendly and knowledgable staff. I always come here for all my electronics, parts and batteries!!
it was small with long waits.  Especially for the price and when they mark up everything and upsell as much as they can.  It was fun though, just not quite worth the price IMO.
Excellent food and service. Pasta is fantastic, atmosphere is nice. Drinks are great..especially the blood orange martini.
Formerly a favorite, definitely gone downhill.  Primarily due to managers who seem to feel like they are doing you a favor by allowing you to spend your money, and oh yes, its a lot of money.\n\nYou want a real Irish Pub, go to Casey Moore's and skip the attitude
I ordered Sasa to-go for the first time tonight! I thought they were fabulous! The service was great when I came to pick up my dinner. They even arranged the rolls artistically in my carryout box! I would certainly order from here again!
This place is consistently good and at such a low price. It is like home made. The staff never wants you to miss a deal, if you buy a drink you get the salad bar cheaper etc. The pies are amazing. Just good food. The world needs a good, affordable place to eat when you work all the time!!
The normal CVS atmosphere. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. If you need booze and TP. This is your place.
It's a bus company!
I agree w/the last posters...GREAT FOOD!...I usually as a rule shy away from chain restaurants but this has KILLER food and a decnt bar.....crawfish are OFF DA HOOK!
If you want to give Chima a taste without doing the full blown Rodizio, head over for their happy hour in the lounge (from 5-7pm every day). They have half price appetizers, and you can sample smal portions of most of the meats. It's a great deal!
closed!!
Came here because a promoter on the strip said we could get in for free.  Wrong we had to pay $20 cover.  As soon as we walked in we were stopped by the bouncer at the VIP lounge he let us in and we hung out there the entire night and had a good time.
Was not impressed. I am not a fan of cold cheddar cheese, took it home to heat it. I am gonna stick to the other getho fab places in the area when I crave tacos. I do prefer corn tortillas to flour tortillas.
Service was quick but im a vegetarian and their was meat on my plate. So that was a bit of a turn off.
It was very tasty, but the resulting food poisoning makes me never want to eat there again.\n\nThe last thing I wanted for my birthday was to be stuck in my hotel for 2 days throwing up.
Friendly staff good coffee to start the day and Fish Taco Tuesdays are GREAT
Alfred was our server and was spectacular! The salmon was awesome! \nSeared Tuna salad incredible!\nThe burger actually came medium full of flavor!\nAnd the fruit pancakes out of this world!
Peoira Cheerz is the perfect place to learn proper cheer and dance technique. The staff is the best there is and make cheer and dance fun for their students. If you're looking for a gym and studio to give you the most bang for your buck, Peoria Cheerz is the place to go!!
Some of the best people watching in the world. \n\nOf the old, blonde, fake breasted, spray tanned, unfortunate outfit variety. :).
What an up & up place! I was charged twice on my debit card for the same meal. When I got home I called and I received a check ASAP! They were very nice and pleasant. This is the first stop we always make when in Fremont. Just wanted to say how honest they are. Keep up the great work!
Moderately priced. Located at the South end of the Strip. Pool area is nice, but was dirty and crowded (food wrappers in the pool). Rooms had a good view, but poor soundproofing, no wifi, and no fridge (unless you upgrade to the deluxe rooms).
Been here about five times since moving to the area, food is okay but too expensive for what you get.lots of better Mexican restaurants around Phoenix.
If you want \"Italian food\" that has the look and feel of a Stouffer's t.v. dinner, Fazoli's gets it right.\n\nActually, I take that back.  If you are heating up a t.v. dinner, at least you are guaranteed it will be warm.
The place is closed.
I love there chicken sandwiches
Do not know about the hotel but the bar at closer to the back is terrible. Walked in, sat by the bar with my wife sat for 10 min not a single bartender payed any attention to us. They were to busy smiling and chatting. Terrible service.
calling it the best ball park in America is a total understatement, its the greatest ever. not a bad seat there. Pittsburgh has been very lucky, we hit home runs with PNC & Console but of course Heinz Field is a turkey. As Meat Loaf would say 2 out of 3 ain't bad!!!!
Good little hang out bar if you want to play video poker and get cheaper drinks. I visited this bar a couple of times during my stay, the service is hit and miss.\n Over all, a decent little bar.
I have been looking for Gam Jaa Taang since I left Korea. I found it... Hell Yeah!!! It is a cure all soup.
It was better when it was across the street years ago and under former owner. Their terasse is infested with insects.
Not great.  Was hoping to like this place since they appear to have great happy hour deals and a good environment for catching games on TV, but our food came out cold and bland.  At least it's another chain that I can cross off of my \"chains I've never been to\" list.
Great corn bread! Everything is average in taste, service is good but you can get bored of it soon as they do not change their menu or make new stuff
Military discounts, and awesome chicago style dogs!
Waitresses are slower than dirt... in 3 hrs got one drink. Booked the tower suite. Smelled like it was cleaned with a dirty rag. Staff didn't care...
I am from Dallas and in Champaign for business.  I looked at Yelp for suggestions on good places to eat and Bacaro seemed to be the place to go.  I thought it was great.  Unique tasty dishes!
I went here when Diddy was supposed to come in September and the line was ridiculous!  No cover, but still! Wayyy too hot to be in line that long.  I got in and it was just one big pool with people everywhere!  it was ridiculous.
Barbecue Masters Tavern has closed
This place is amazing Dr. Stokes and his entire staff are amazing ! One of the most genuine places and people I have come across in a long time . If you need a dentist call them .
Had booked reservation two days pior and Did not accommodate their mishap for not finding us in their reservation because someone didn't write it down and was unwilling to correct it. Made us wait when we had reservation. Manager glenn unwilling to help
The worst airport I've ever been to. There was only about one screen displaying flight statuses in a waiting area. There is a lack of anything to do (nothing to look at, no where to walk, not many places to eat, etc.)
Not good eats. Old, dusty, very tired decor. Food was so so. Needs Chef Ramsey or Restaurant Impossible....or something.  Even the lettuce was droopy. Time to pick this mess up and take it into 2012.
Started going to this place with a groupon and will still continue going! Friendly staff and they always do a fabulous job!! I would recommend this place to anyone!
Best friggin wings ever. Ask for them GRILLED after frying!
Good for half sandwich and soup deals here. I love the pastrami sandwich here. French onion soup is delicious and they have a full salad bar too.
@quinterogolf\nWe are so happy to have Tom's Thumb in the neighborhood of our corporate office.  It is the best place for BBQ.  The wonderful part is your car is cleaned while you eat!
i think i was expecting a bit more from the Hyatt. the staff is great and friendly, the bed was comfy but the hotel is dated, the carpets needs to be replaced and the faucet in the tub was almost falling off. i only stayed for one night, it was an ok experience, not much more.
Came in at 315pm on a Sunday, they could not seat me until 4pm due to them transitioning from lunch.\n\nGood job with this policy...just lost a customer, I'm sure you'll lose many more...
The doctors and staff were professional, thorough, and a pleasure to work with. I highly reccomend Advanced Eyecare.
I love this Genghis Grill although I am bummed that they have not had shrimp and they didnt have the wasabi sauce  my last two visits. Will be back again hopefull they will have the wasabi sauce and shirimp.
Loved it great experience exept for some big guy wearing a red ses shirt hit on my wife while we were walking by the covention center his name tag said john.. very upset but the venition itself was great
The beer is cold, the patrons are diverse to say the least, and it's always a good time. The beautiful thing about this place is you never really know who you're going to meet or what kind of craziness will ensue.
I really like this place, the Spanish latte is delicious, music is a bit too loud for my taste but drinks are good
UPDATE:\nThe JCC had an episode where 4 adults started feeling sick and the firemen and police were called, but they couldn't find anything. Creepy!!! I think it was a gas leak. That wouldn't happen at the Village. :)
Absolutely do not miss this little Italian gem. So worth the drive off the strip. Amazing food, even better wait staff. Great wine list. Perfect! A great find!
Just bought a bottle of Jamesons 12 year old and it cost me 39.99 found out online that I could have got it at Total Wines:for 33.99.  I guess I will stop going to Lees even if it is a little closer.
If you are looking for a cozy place to relax  with great food and service this is it! This is the best kept secret in South Charlotte. Not for people that are in a hurry.
Food is good but service was bad. 1hour for appetizer and another for main dishes. I expected more outside the box food when it mentioned modern lebanese cuisine. Food was typical , good and tasty but not special for the price.
I was very impressed with the dim sum at this restaurant.  The food was very good, the service was very good, and my family and I left very satisfied. We will most definitely be returning.
This is good clean fun.  The best part to my story was I was willing to lose all my chips just to get to the bathroom and I just kept doubling up on the tables.  Thanks!
Great service fresh food Great tasting kobe beef, a little to noisy to relax, but for a \"gourmet\" burger that's Not traditional it's the spot fries are great tasting garlic with sliced pepper pieces umm good spot for date nite
Loved their pizza.  Prices are not cheap.  But is it worth the price....uhm yes!  Go there today.
It's cracker barrel... it will be just like any other cracker barrel you've been too. Big country breakfasts, down home cooking, you know the drill. It's not fancy but its dependable.
I never come to Vegas without eating here. Its usually a long wait since they don't take reservations but always worth it. LOVE
Nothing is authentic here, too much cheese, beans and not much flavor. The chicken looks it has freezer burns,  no flavor because they boil it before putting if on the grill
I've been training with Miranda for about a year. She tailors my workout for me, pushes me to do more than I think I can do, and the results are awesome. Plus she gets up at the crack of dawn to accommodate my schedule.
Sooo good!!! I love the Dr Weil themed menu and the seasonal and fresh foods! I enjoyed every bite of my spaghetti squash casserole and melon/mint soda! What a fun atmosphere - I'll be back!
Great place to eat, drink and play some games. A bit chaotic but if you go in prepared for that it will been fun place to hangout with some friends
Tasted at Tempe arts fair and came over for more!
oks
Best pizza I've ever had! The ingredients are fresh and everything is made in that kitchen, not brought in already prepped. I go here whenever I have a pizza craving. Staff is so nice and friendly. Love the atmosphere too. Recommend this place to everyone I meet.
Avoid this hotel.  The rooms and hallways felt somewhere between cheap dormitory and prison.  Walls are not very soundproof, I heard yelling in the next room until 4 am.  The overall feel is dirty, in spite of the sanitation score listed in the lobby.  Did not feel safe trying the free breakfast, so I have no idea how it was.
SCAMMERS Clueless as to what causes bordetella, and are forcing people to get  vaccine from vet when the one you get from pharmacy is perfectly fine!!!!
I love this place! Food is great, service has been great each time I've been there, and the prices are so reasonable. I love the breakfast burrito and the shrimp burrito is AMAZING! Everything is made to order and they are quick.
Favorite place on campus to see a performance! This place is decorated very nicely inside and they have great acoustics inside the auditorium.
Evel Knievel would eat these pastys. You should too.  Pure genius, good atmosphere, attentive service.  I still study the menu before I go, been coming for a decade, too.
Great donuts, a little hard to find but worth the hunt. Must taste their cronuts and their apple fritters. My wife loves the chocolate chip rolls. They can also make your next party cake. We have had them make a birthday cake and a anniversary cake in the past. Always excellent!
This place is so clean and fun.  The owner, Aimee, is so nice and helpful!  I didn't try the food, but this is the only kids play place I know that has it available for purchase and I think that's so great!  Will definitely be back!
I love this restaurant, but they took the goat cheese off the menu. That was the big draw for me, but thankfully there's other options. This location is new and is really good! I had the Avocado Club at this location. They waiter was really helpful too.
My favorite Vietnamese/pho place!  Wouldn't ever replace it!  Their customer service is about the same as any other Asian place lol but they're fast and I'm all about food quality it's a A+ to me!
Lots of good gluten free options, delicious vegan burger, good service. However, watch the restaurant hours.
This place went from being my favorite Pho place to my least. The last 2 times I've ordered from here my food has been gross. First, dirty vegetables. Second, cold broth. It seems like the kitchen staff just doesn't care anymore!
Food is good, mostly burgers. Great pork with green chili! Pretzel buns... HELLO! So good!
I have been eating at Harolds for almost 15 years. I have probably eaten every item off menu. One of my favorites is the Cajun Prime Rib. Still my favorite place to go eat and hang out.
Fabulous service at great prices. Drew installed my remote start and 4-piece back-up sensors. I plan to recommend his business to all my friends. Professional, prompt and great customer service. You can reach him via drewsaudioandvideo@gmail.com
This place is so CenPho cool. Asian fusion in a tapas format is a great choice for sharing a romantic dinner. I dig the modern, clean interior. The service has been attentive and helpful, and a DJ on the weekends... awesome.
Excellent!!! Super clean, quiet, and good service. Pay less for more quality. But the place is not close to the strip and is for those people who want a relaxing time. It is very kid-friendly.
It's a coffee shop in Vegas... We all know what to expect. The food met that expectation, but the service didn't even come close. What I got was a surly waiter who ignored me. Fail.
I have been back here a few more times. When Mimi is not available, I have seen a few other techs. All of them are very friendly, and I leave happy every time! Love this spot! Thanks guys :)
Way toooooooo expensive.  The plates weren't exceptional or exceptionally large. The cheesecake was good though.
The materials are pretty good....except, the customer service is pretty bad. All the reps are in the front cashiering, which means you're on your own when it comes to finding anything. The few people that may talk to you have an attitude. I will shop online.
Not the best I've had but definitely not the worst. Plus, the cashier made a mistake taking our order and the owner (I assume) rectified the situation in a great way, so a+ customer service.
Pools!! Room!! Nice place! Lots of Fun!! The pools are allot of fun!!  FUN FUN FUN
best pho in vegas, clean and good services, spring roll was good !!!
We have been using Protech since 2007.  They respond to service requests quickly and are reasonably priced.
This was a horrible buffet. No selection, the food was average at best. Considering this seems to be more of a kid friendly hotel, I'd have thought it would have been better food and more selection. NOT worth your money at all.
I know this place intimately........good customer service from all the airlines, great fast check-in of luggage and the airlines are usually on time.  Food is mediocre though.  Baggage claim can be a bit of a wait though...usually 20-30 minutes.
Found on yelp. Was staying at the Westin and was looking for non hotel dining.  Walked a few blocks and then found out it was part of sheraton. Bummer. Food was decent. Service was good. Just not what I imaged...a small urban wine bar with small plates.
My favorite place for kabobs in Las Vegas.  This is my 4th visit and the food, service and the prices are great.
Enjoyed brunch at this cute spot. Food was good, space was very pleasant.\nService was very spotty, sustainability focus was taken to an eye-rolling extreme. Pricey for the area. Seriously, Manhattan prices in Tempe?
We get take-out from here every weekend! Fresh, non-greasy, really great Chinese food. The specials are great - I tend to get the chicken w/ broccoli which comes with fried rice and an egg roll. \n\nThe staff are all lovely, and this has become a favorite place of ours.
Great customer service abd the good is good. You'll find whatever you have a taste for on the menu. Traditional American style restaurant. Each time we come we try to order something different. So far, we haven't ordered anything we were not satisfied with.
Coming from California I was spoiled with IN N Out but Sonics for the most part hits the spot. The burgers are nice and the variety in the menu should make people happy.
terrible.    had more excuses as to why they didn't show up.     put in new well pump.     it only lasted a few years.     have a feeling it was a used one.     all he seemed to care about was talking about the nudist colony in new river.
I would have given Jupiter's 4 or 5 stars for the pizza. But they probably have the rudest waitress in Champaign. The other Jupiters location is much better as a restaurant. If you want a drink or play pool, then it would get 5/5.
I absolutely love this place!!  I have experienced both sitting inside at the bar as well as eating outside in the summer. Today I sat at the bar and they had three bartenders on staff. I ordered the warm spinach salad, bacon wrapped dates and the mini filet sliders. All very good :) I will be back.
The staff was very friendly.  Dr. Podloski is fantastic!  They help me get a new pair of sunglasses.  I thought the name brands they carry is much better than some of the other places in town.  Thanks!!
Great Kalbi ribs.  The best Kalbi I've ever had was near Diamond Head crater in Honolulu.  These ribs were the second best.  Amazing portions, great service in a small hidden location.
There are so many better buffets in Vegas, so why did my family make me eat here twice? Well it was really cheap for breakfast. And the omelet bar was good, but a lot of the food was gross so you have to search for something you like.
The public can view licenses on the Register of Contractors website at www.azroc.gov or call 602-542-1525 to see for themselves that Anthem North Interiors is NOT LICENSED.
Food and atmosphere very good. Service...meh.
Cure is a great place! Fun atmosphere, great service and the food is amazing. \n\nThe only place in Pittsburgh that you can get food like this.
It's the best greasy spoon restaurant in the area. I liked it much, much better than Mickie's.\n\nBe sure to get some cash before you go here.
I was looking forward to trying thus place out, as it could have turned out as a hang out since we live less than a mile away. Our food was over priced for what you get. 3 apps and a kids meal was $45... not coming back.
Good pizza and wings
Awesome hotel and friendly staff, lily at the reception especially :-).  Their ballrooms are large and have easy access from the loading dock for delivery and set up! Amazing team to work with!
Oh yea, celebrated a few anniversaries and birthdays at this place. Good times, good food and great memories!
Delicious food, good wine, super friendly and entertaining service, chill atmosphere and live music.  I WILL be back :)
Excellent smog check. Very friendly, no wait, great service! Will come here everytime, highly recommended
Awesome pizza, very fast delivery and the portions are more than enough. We always order more than we can handle.
Finally tried this place...  pretty good,  n abput same flavors as chodang... then we got the tempura combo..  wow.  one of the best tempura i have had...
Chicken Katsu was horrible. Over cooked & massive fatty chicken yuck.
I rarely take the time to write a review ...\nEspecially a positive one ... \nBut Flo's deserves a big thumbs up!\nSaturday lunches are only $5....Service was damn near 5 Star and the food is excellent!
Footlong hot dog with large crinkle cut fries. Expensive but delicious. Nothing fancy.  Great service.
The only good thing about this place is getting to ride the mechanical bull.  It was empty both nights we stopped by.  At least I get to mark something off my bucket list!
I was doing some work at Rouge's studio and Carol grabed me and said \"let me fix your eyebrows\"  I was amazed at what a big difference it made - It gave me an instant mini facelift. Don't be visiting Carol if you don't want a free makeover!  Mary Beth - Mint Hill
They are crazy fast! Love the service and the food. Order the unwich. Delish!  Add avocado, oregano, oil and vinegar.  Soooooo good
Wonderful sandwiches at a reasonable price.  Pretty much everything is delicious here, but the #2 triple decker turkey pastrami on rye is great and filling!
Very poor condition . They need to spend some money on this v ourse. Greens are not good at all. Too bad it could be a great course.
I should have yelped this before I got the all you can eat sushi. They were stale and fishy. Not good. This is my first ever yelp review.
The service sucks here. The girl has no personality and she looks like she came to work in her pjs. The food was awful and it sucked. Definitely would not come back or recommend to anyone.
The sweet pork is delicious. Getting it \"smothered\" is worth the 99\u00a2 but all inlittle pricing for what you get.
Good local, diner style food at pretty good price.
I just called to ask some questions about the menu and was told by the person that answered that this restaurant has closed. At the very least, the phone number posted is not their phone number any more.
good french food.  awesome ratatouille.  good steak.  they give you a ton of fries.  about 50-60/person for dinner.
I like this place a lot, the prices are a little steep is my only complaint really. I love being able to order online and then go pick it up.
The sandwiches are not all that great, but the smoothies are delicious. I could drink them everyday!
Love this place! I can't seem to stop ordering the New Mexico Enchiladas each time I go. I really need to branch out but I love them so.
i don't know how to judge donuts.\nthey were good. \ndidn't taste old.\nthere was a sweet old lady sitting there who hangs out there since \"everyday.\"\nadded to the cute character to the place.\nvery happy with my donuts.
Best place to start your party at with bottle service starting at  $200 plus great service and great atmosphere. stop by tonight ask for simon at the door 7027427430
Good laid back vibe with people flying around hitting timers and taking food out of ovens.  Those pastys are good, and the variety is amazing.  Dog Fish Head on tap is a plus as well.  To quote the infamous Governor of California \" I will be back.\"
I'd rather frequent a small business than a chain so I make it a point to shop here. Tony the owner is a sweetheart and will order anything you ask him for. \n\nThey have a little bit of everything and are pleasant despite how busy they are from dusk til dawn.
Went there today with my hubby for his bday dinner. We dont get out much alone without the toddler. We paid a bbsitter 15$ an hour to celebrate. Anyway, all in all it was a lousy atmosphere, terrible service & average food. Wont go again.
Very beautiful store with a good selection of high-end mid century pieces. Some of the prices are high, but probably fair considering the quality of the items. Not a store for bargain shopping, but great for someone looking for that perfect unique piece.
The drinks are good (1 star) and the view is excellent. (2 stars), but got bored quick.
Great atmosphere! I love to sit at the bar and order nachos or enchiladas and hang out with my husband. The service and food are good.
Love Yogurtland, love the tart varieties and fresh fruit toppings.
7 minutes to get an iced tea. I was inside and there was no one in front of me.  I rarely come to this location because it always takes this long whether its peak times or not.
I love to eat in the bar area during lunch.
good deal if you eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner in a 24hr period.  The Le Village in Paris, Carnival in Rio, and the Spice Market in Planet Hollywood are the best three places in Buffet of Buffets.
i am not persian but embarressed to see the wine called royal kirre..\n\nshouldnt be there royal kir??come on...be nice..\n\nfilemignone was not very bad but nothing compare to atlantas rumis..
I love the food! However, it is definitely inconsistent with the spicy temperatures. If you don't mind paying $12 for a plate of Pad Thai (it is pretty tasty) that is sometimes Mild when you order it Medium... Then Thai Rama is the place to go.
This place wasn't the greatest but I'm thankful he didn't cut me or anything. He did an ok job but I've had better. If you don't have any special reason you're getting fancied then this place will give you the mediocre job you want. Overall I may not go back
This place is bomb!!! Chef nick makes the best roll!!!! Definitely will come back!!!!
The food is ok, but I really don't see why people are so rabid about this place.  The items stress size and fat food instead of flavor.  If it weren't such a great value, I would have given it 2 stars.
Along with the same inspiring performances I have come to expect from a Cirque show, this show has the added bonus of being both hot and funny. Don't miss it!
I came here with 7 kids, they enjoyed taking the international coke tasting.  $7 to taste a sample.  Beware:  Italy soda was a flop, kids thought it tasted like Benadryl,  China sodas were a hit.  Have fun!
This place has amazing burgers, the best onion rings and fries in Charlotte.  If your after a burger check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
There's now one in Santa Monica, CA - yeah buddy!!!  YUM.
Everything is over-sweet. No resemblance of real Asian food.
I just went back to Lebowski's the other weekend when I happened to be in town. OMG...the turkey burgers are to die for.  I can't stop thinking about them. I even tried to bribe the manager to mail them to me overnight back to CA. yummy!!!
Unfortunately I was not able to get a hold of anyone.  I know during monsoon season everyone is busy but a courtesy phone call or email would have been nice.
Ask for Daniel - I've been seeing him for a year; he's a color specialist and I get a lot of compliments on my hair. The salon is really nice - modern and energetic.
This place is awesome, trendy and delicious. Coffee is on spot. Breakfast burritos are amazing. Everything else is well done.
Have a few drinks and / or bring kids before going.
Nice fields. Best time to be coaching/playing in the games is either first thing in the morning or late at night after 7p. During the day its hard to even concentrate with the weather at 110'+.
Our room was clean but it was definitely not the best place for the money.  The hotel really needs some remodeling and TLC.
Extremely poor and rude service.
The seats are comfy and they have $5 movie Mondays! YES! Great deal! IMAX movies are rather expensive but WHATEVER! This is my go-to movie theatre!
Okay place.  Like the chips, salsa, and warm bean dip.  Food is mediocre.  Service okay to good.  I've been here a half a dozen times and think it's consistently okay.  I'm yet to find a mexican food restaurant I really like (for dinner, not a dive).
I tried HuHat again and was impressed this second time around. I will definitely be going back! I need to learn to pace myself when I fill the bowl the first time around so that I have am hungry enough to go back for seconds. There are so many stir fry options to choose from.
This is one of Vegas' hidden gems. The teriyaki chicken is delicious and aggressively priced. Me and one of my best friends (shout out Joel L.!) Come here often for the lunch special
Never thought it would be so hard to spend money in a Best Buy.  We couldn't find an employee to help us with an appliance.  It took 20 minutes to get someone to help us.
Use to be a great service place when David was in came in one night and service was bad after that! Spotted a roach on the couch. Our girl serving is came every so and then kept having to call for help.
so-so sandwiches. in between a subway and a quizno's. heard friend's raved about it so i waited in line for 20 minutes for a montagu sandwich and was very disappointed. :( but the caprese was supposed delicious as with all of the other sandwiches!
We had a beautiful table across from the Bellagio Fountains.\n\nThe food was good...but we went specifically for the escargots, and they were small and just so-so.  \n\nOtherwise, all was ok....a bit pricey!
Mocha's made from powder, overly sweet drinks, hard boba... Not sure how this place has earned 4 stars. It is clean and convenient to the market, so that's a plus I guess.
A fantastic little taco shop inside the Container Park. The menu offerings are vast and all made with pride as well ample in size. The staff is friendly and lend to an overall great experience.
Suzi and I connected right away.  She explained what she saw in my energy, which was something that really intrigued me. She was very relatable and very funny. Easy to relax around. Suzy talked into subjects that many intuitives haven't before and offers a unique perspective. Very helpful. Thank you, Suzi.
Comparable to Ruth Chris with a more hip/modern decor and slightly  less expensive menu. The bbq shrimp app was awesome. Steak was cooked well too. Excellent Service.
Service good. Thanks Justin. Bartender is lazy. I have your wine but not a full glass so none for you. Had to settle for a Tecate didn't even come with lime. LAZY
One of our downtown Phoenix staples. I love the strawberry blueberry cashew salad and the margaritas. Annnd the spicy harissa fries. ...Aaaand the hummus. You really can't go wrong no matter what you order.
This is my favorite Mexican food place in the area, hands down.
This place is fantastic!  A great place to go to treat yourself.
Decent Vietnamese food. Tried their Bun Cha Hanoi and it was lacking a little flavor and the meat was slightly drier than I would liked but more than edible. Liked that they didn't skimp on any of the dishes since the portions were huge! Decent prices for somewhere other than Little Saigon.
Yummy.... Very close to Bosa but I am still bosa's die hard fan. The Apple fritter was slightly greasy for my taste and I like bosa's butter milk better as well but overall great quality and delicious donuts.
I LOVED the restaurant atmosphere. \n\nI've had the benedict a couple times. It tends to be slightly too heavy/rich for my liking, but everyone that I take there seems to love the place. Slow service, but good for a relaxed brunch
Hands down the best wedding photographer in Vegas and beyond!!  Having John there was one of the best parts of the day and the pictures came out FANTASTIC!!  The work is so far from run of the mill and my wife and I love the work.  Altf is worth every penny.
Pizza is good fresh, but not 30 mins later. Pizza sauce is unique and has a nice gentle spice. Half the staff is nice. Charge for ranch that is super watered down. Won't go out of my way to eat it again, but was decent. A little pricey too,
Worst customer service ever! Aracelli's manners were appalling to say the least. Next time say thank you and smile when you get a tip!!! I'll never come back to this location again!!
great service. if you're looking for shrimp this is the spot! Po boy is a solid solid sandwich! shrimp n grits or also excellent.
The food was great here:)
The best thing here is the Frozen Hot Chocolate (a 4 star). Desserts are the same price or more then entrees. If you're not coming here for their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate, you can get their food or desserts any where else.
Great selection of tasty food, clean, reasonably priced with pretty good service. Can't ask for more than that at a buffet.
Wonderful brunch! Has a knack for being creative and serving tasty food with a nice presentation. Food is flavorful; loved the bloody mary bar, and at a reasonable price.
Wonderful Pad Thai! One of the few Thai restaurants that have a decent Pad Thai. There's no weird orange sauce here. Just a play of deliciousness! Definitely coming back.
Yellow curry and coconut juice was amazing! We'll be back very soon. Our server was kinda mean but the food made up for it!
Always come here. Guys are super helpful. They offered to install my headlamps. For free. Thanks to mike, Mitch, and Demetrius for the great service. That's exact reason why I come back everytime. Also, they have military discount here as well.
I'm happy I ventured out to try Nice Nails - they do a great job and have you in and out looking flawless.
Was a great hotel and love the fact that I got 40% off my KA tickets. But when it comes to the small things it sucks. Like no free wireless Internet, no fridge, and no microwave. But I still had a great time.
We ordered #22 and #24 which are Udon noodles w/crab, shrimp & pork and egg rolls & BBQ port vermicelli.  Excellent and tasty food.  Friendly staff but never got H2O refills.   Service was a bit slow and dishes were not served at the same time.  Regardless we would still return.
Me and my family just ate there when passing through and it was not as good as I expected with all the good reviews...we were quite disappointed. :-(
Good salad.  Fast.
Pro:  Absolutely beautiful collection.  A great mix of ancient through modern items.  I especially enjoyed the kachina dolls.  Con:  it cost my family $84 admission (my husband paid before I noticed the price and could say \"NO!!!\").  $15 for a ten year old?  Exorbitant!
The service was a bit lacking, but then again what do you expect from a restaurant inside a casino? I decided to try the wings and they lived up to the hype I'd always heard. The wings were the only reason this place didn't get a one- or a two-star rating.
Director is rude. Setup is weird. Teachers don't care.
David has the best personal and group training sessions I have ever been in.  He customizes the training to address your bodies individual problem area and enhance your body's best feature to sculpt the perfect body.  Check him out at Vitality Fitness
I don't think there is a Fox concept restaurant that is not good! Pastrami sandwich rocked!
i love going to Sweet Tomatoes...met my friend here since it was closer to her than to us on w flamingo. i forgot how busy they get with alot of keikis...unfortunately on this side some people are just ignorant and messy.
Enter an average man.  Leave a legend.
Good, healthy, fast!
i think the bellagio buffet is my most favorite. great selection, yummy and clean. great service too. the pesto mashed potatoes were WOW! the prime rib was MMMMMmmm. and the smoked salmon was AMAZE. =)
Sushi is very fresh and food is good.  Drinks are ok, nothing spectacular or worth highlighting.  Like the space, but expected more.  It looks like a place where you would expect music and a trendy, hip vibe but nothing other than dinner seems to be happening.  Bar is small and not a place for socializing.  Very expensive.
Nightclub was nice but charging me 9$$$ for a specially made extra small figi bottle of water is ridiculous. Way to go people just have your customers throw up everywhere instead of handing em cups of water...total turnoff
Tacos are Great!!! Love the pozole it is very very  delicious and I also enjoy the torta ahogada with the salsa picosa that is served on the side.
Just eat here okay.\n\nEveryone else has told you why. I am just saying they're right. \n\nEat here\n\nKool Aid pickle\n\nPoutine \n\nFried egg burger. \n\nJust go here. Okay?
Very disappointing in comparison to the consistently excellent original Blue Agave in Old Town.  Baffling how moving 10 miles north could screw it up that badly.  Worst part is we really do need a great mexican place in this location near the theater and Borders.
So fast! I called ahead and asked for a good time to show up; I was in and out in less than 20 \nThey even had the little office decorated for pattys day since it was March. Friendly and they hustled to get me in and out.
Not bad for Vegas but any one from Chicago will tell you the bread is wrong fix that and you got a great sandwich
This is the worst Churchs Chicken I have ever visited.  This is the second time in two visits that they have been out of chicken at 4:30 in the afternoon!  Had to wait 20 min to get Chicken and old tasting side dishes.  This location has a real bad management issues - avoid this place!
This is a great park. It's close to my house. You can go run, walk, or ride a bike on the path around the park. I do yoga there sometimes too. It's perfect.
Yes it's hard to get a reservation and yes it's cramped, but the euphoria of flavors in their exquisite, unique cuisine is worth it.  We had lamb chops that were impossibly melt in the mouth tender paired with a great red from our own cellar.  Couldn't be better!!!
Best Fish Tacos!  We go here often.  My husband doesn't like fish so he gets the chicken tacos and they are really tasty.!  I love this unique place great for a quick lunch.
The croissants and eclairs are to die for! I would highly recommend this little bakery for breakfast/brunch.
Good place for a quick bite...nothing fancy. Prices are high but the foods pretty good.
I wanted to try this place since I always drive by it. We walked into the restsurant and I got a huge whiff of the worst smell in your life. We immediately walked out and went to Applebee's.  The food couldn't possibly be good.  I surprised thus place hasn't been condemned by now.
Thai Rama restaurant has good pad thai!
This is definitely the place to go for tires. We checked everywhere to buy a specialty tire and these guy\"s had the best price. I found the tire on line cheaper and the met their price too! The service was great, the shop was clean and they were professional from start to finish, highly recommend discount tire
Warm beer..this place served our whole table warm beer. Bar stools tossed on the ground and forgetful staff. The only good thing was the Irish nachos which are tater tots.
Great happy hour in a great location!  Perfect for drinks before a game with friends.
I always wanted to stay at the mirage.  Now I would rather stay at the Excalibur.  Only good thing to say is that LOVE is playing there.
Burger construction is poor. Nice decor but the food is poorly prepared and put together.
I have tried approx 30 places and I can say without a doubt this is my favorite.  Love this place.  The staff are always very helpful and friendly and the place is spotless!! Great Beds, what more could you ask for.
My husband and I love Sushi this is right around the corner. Aami has a wide selection of rolls that are delicous. I call ahead and my take out is always ready when I get there
Can't even compete with YC's. Sauces were either blah or strange tasting and overall, just not very good. Its edible, just not as enjoyable.
Big theatre, stadium type seating.  Service is good.  Pretty \"run of the mill\".
Very disappointed for a dennys.  Slow service but semi professional. Cold food after a long wait. They should have paid us. Won't be going back to this location.
We went to the supposed fish fry last fri...it was supposed to last til 9pm. By 7 45  the server was rushing us to put in our order because they were sending the kitchen home.  To top it off, they were out of multiple things we tried to order...over all a sub par experience.
Overpriced stale food. Been here a few times and its always empty.
Good looking clientele and music..but terrible drinks. I am pretty sure the bottles are watered down because I couldn't taste an ounce of alcohol in my drinks. I even had the bartender pour in front of me.
Easily the worst \"burrito\" I have ever had.\nIt amazes my that anyone would choose to eat at this chain. I bet the rations they serve from the back of UN trucks to refugees is better.
This place is cheap as all get out. The server we had was great! I didn't particularly care for the food but its cheap and has a home town feeling.
Such a great quiet, peaceful and relaxing place to spend your time. Great client personal service. The hotel smells WONDERFUL and the rooms are very quiet. We were placed on the first floor and went back and asked for something higher and with out hesitation they moved us to the 6th floor.
Best dogs in az period.  Lived around this place for 4 years and it is always packed and always has the best dogs.  Take the drive and come down
Everything we have ordered has been delicious! Have never been disappointed. I particularly love their barbecue chicken. Friendly staff very clean establishment. I recommend it.
Flight was delayed so I stopped by to order some food. Had the margherita pizza and tuna sliders. It was overpriced and only decent but I was expecting that for airport food. Luckily for me I had some food vouchers because of the flight delay so didn't have to pay much.
Super disappointed. Really expensive and they messed up my order. Pizza was ok, pasta was cold. But make sure to open the box before you leave. Really nice people but really bummed they mess up the order. I never complain so just giving you the heads up
I am a pilot and these guys wouldn't take me to work at the airport claiming they would be fined $250,000. BS! I had to haul ass and was almost late for work. They just didn't want to encroach on there system of the airport car rental service.
Very fun place to visit and our steaks were cooked perfect.  Juicy and full of flavor.  A little on the higher side of pricing, but if you are on vacation or a fancy date....a solid choice.
Not worth the full regular price. One can easily finish this place in one hour. Only go if purchased with the 3 for $57 deal. The aquarium is nice but very very small.
If you feel like waiting a ridiculous amount of time (and no, there was no line - at all) and being asked multiple times what it is that you ordered again then this is your place.
I dont know what everyones talking about. It wasnt terrible but I would never go back a second time. \n\nI guess no one else would either thats why its closed now.
Drink was okay, nothing special. The wait was a bit long. Maybe I came when the place was fairly new? Seemed like the staff was still learning. Interior was nice. I'm on the fence giving this place 2 or 3 stars.
It is a older hotel so you don't think of going there for the buffet right of the bat.  We somehow ended up here and the buffet was pretty good.  Not the largest selection but of what they offered everything was good quality (that's what really matters).  I was pleasantly surprised.  Would definitely go back.
Great place, with a small, personal atmosphere. The service is amazing, and the beer choices are great. A lot of imported beer selection on tap. Good place for great conversation.
This buffet is epic! One of the top 10 in my list! You can find right about anything! I went for brunch and man it was the best! The staff is friendly and the vibe is wonderful! The dessert section is it a bit small but it's still great! Go here you won't regret it!
Best for takeout... Service has never been stellar for sure but I am in LOVE with their Vientiane Fried Rice w/Tofu... IMHO the best fried rice in town. Great hangover medicine... large portions and they aren't kidding about their spiciness yowza!
Staying in the section of the hotel that's considered the courtyard completely nasty and awful.  The smell, look, everything else made Vegas a bad experience to start but we quickly check out and paid 50 dollars a night more and stayed at the Hard Rock Casino & Hotel.
Also known as \"The Green Panther.\" Nice vegan juice & sandwich cafe -- though disappointed by its limited menu of mainly pita-stuffed sandwiches. Fresh juices are overly priced & the service is rather slow.
Not a bad spot...cool vibe....but a little overpriced.  They were nice enough to replace our octopus dish which i thought was a little rubbery.  for vegas, they are prob better spots to visit since this is in a weird location.  prob wouldn't return...
How could you not love this place. It's happiness in a huge frozen gallon of goodness. We wish we had these in Oklahoma.
A little greasy, but as truly good Chinese is difficult to find in the Valley, you can't go too terribly wrong here.
not that great! smoky rotis really don't go well with the sabzi they served. also the mango lassi was almost as thin as a shake. not my first choice for lunch
The Boulevard Mall has changed .It has New stores n  great shops. Just spent the morning there.even has better kiosk n more of a selection of food. I love it
It would be 6 stars if it was available.  Ivan served us today, and was excellent, courteous and fast.  The food is always perfect and Firefily* has the best Sangria on the planet.
I have been going here since they opened! \nLynn is my favorite! She takes her time. This place gets very busy so I suggest making an appointment!
It's ok food. A little better than your normal Chinese but that's all. Service was fast. Portions are normal sized for a Chinese. It's pricey, 70 bucks for 3 but it's normal prices for Vegas. Definitely overpriced.
Best tasting pizza with delicious garlic crust! And all for so cheap! Mmmmm :)
One of my favorite local shops. It has locally produced coffee, meat, bread, honey, salsa and fresh eggs. Also nice selection of tamales. I shop here every week to supplement my groceries with all the locally produced goods. Very happy they are in my neighborhood!
Good fish and chips and reasonably priced. The Parmesan fries are a must try and worth it. Over a great Place to eat and I will definitely come again!
I went here for a community meeting open house about two years ago. The grounds are absolutely breathtaking and you forget you are in Las Vegas, Well worth taking a look at for a wedding off the strip in a garden environment with its own onsite catering and banquet rooms.
This place is close to my office so we hit it up for lunch from time to time.  I've only tried one thing on the menu, and it was pretty tasty.  The portions are healthy and the service is quick.  I planned on trying a few other items on the menu so I'll definitely be back.
This place is no good, the staff seems friendly but their food sucks! I ordered half a  salad and a cup of soup. For \"soup\" they gave me just chicken broth and for a \"half salad\" they gave me half of a half. Everything was bland, basically I'm not impressed.
Best kept secret in Vegas....super good food, fantastic happy hour (half price tapas) from 8-10pm. Friendly bar staff.
Very poor service. Waited 20 minutes for a juice not pleased at all. Lady taking my order was short and seemed annoyed.
Very clean and they do a good job too! \n\nI like that they scrub the car before it goes through the machine..nice touch!\n\nI'll definitely be back!
This is a great staple of Tempe.  I try to stop by here before spring training and Diamondback games.  If you're looking for a grill dog I would say this is the place to go.
For the sake of not boring you dear readers by being redundant, I will just say this:\n\nBest. Cafe. Ever. Love!!\n\nThe end.
Fantastic!! I had the onion soup and ravioli with oxtail! Raw bar is excellent even coming from New England. If you go, ask to sit in the courtyard; the ambience is incredible. Service and food was amazing! Highly recommend it!
Decent food.  Accommodating hosts- I am sensitive to spicy foods and they made me a special dish even though I was having the buffet.  Bathroom could be cleaner.
All station casinos are great in general but I like the Boulder because it's never super congested, the cafe has some of the best pastries, they have all kinds of bonuses and perks for gamblers and the staff are so friendly.
I wish I could give this place a zero. I ordered a coffee (first mistake) at 11am and not only did it take forever to get my drink but it was room temperature at best. I know BK is not known for its coffee but I expect a little more than this
a little pricey, not as fresh as I expected. I guess I must have been spoiled by eating good, authentic sushi in Japan and Taiwan.
Ok service. Great food healthy selections. Menu isn't big but has what it needs
mmm The Commuter sandwich + bacon = my favourite!!!\n\nI miss this place!  We were there once a week when I lived close by.  A La Grande adventure is in my near future....  :-D
Decent food and process.  Ok service.  Terrible beer selection.  Fried pickles were interesting.  Wings were good. Brisket quesadilla was also good. Best thing about it was the convenience of cheap beers after walking through the zoo for 4 hours.
Did you know there are over 2000 species of cactus? I thought there were, like, 5 basic kinds. I started taking pictures of all of them until I remembered: I really don't care that much about cacti.
Really good food! Price is good too! Different types of chicken bowls and plates! :) must try!
Let's just say we left after forty five minutes. The place was empty and where was our food? I know it does not take forty minutes to cook fish. When we're said we  needed to leave because we had to be somewhere by six they brought out the food. Cold. Hence, we did not have dinner.
The crowd is expected but the workers and and their rudeness is not cool
Best cheesesteaks in Las Vegas, and coming from a native Philadelphian, you can trust that opinion :) Great service as well; I always have a good chat with the owner when I go in.
Ultimate breakfast place.  Delicious food, great decor, awesome service!   I had the cinnamon toast crunch French toast.  I couldn't stop eating it...to die for!  Friends had the hash browns and omelets and loved it.  Will be back to try their other menu items!
If you like a juicy sub and you don't mind onions... Ask for your sub to be made Mike's way! It's excellent.
Salmon not good. Maybe other food is better?
Very nice environment. The service is good and so is the food.
It is an OK breakfast.  You cant mess up eggs, well maybe.  They are good thought and the food comes out fast.
We were looking to enjoy a steak for lunch and we stumbled upon your restaurant. Our meals and dining experience were exceptional. Hats off to the chef. We will certainly be back. Thank you so much! It was exactly what we were looking for. One of the best steaks that we've ever had. Cooked to perfection!
Bad!bad service. I got a gel manicure and it came off on second days.no wonder they have a cheap price come with cheap service.
adecuate if you are drunk and need a bomb to sober up
I am 31 and I have been coming here since I was16. They have never ever did me wrong. Always helped me out. Always honest. Come here if you want an honest and hard working business.
Obscene servings.  Probably perfect for the hangover.  Interest items, taste okay.  Good customer service.  Old style Vegas decor.
This place is shit .
What's there not to like about breakfast/brunch food. At a reasonable price and with an extensive menu, Eggspectation is a level above your grungy diner. Definitely the place to go after a night of partying out in the streets of Montreezy.
Beautiful stadium from the outside.  The blocks surrounding Chase are easy to maneuver.  The baseball experience is one to always remember.
If tasty, fast and simple is what you are after, look no further. This hidden gem offers a flavorful twist to the curry most of us are used to and couples it with tasty protein choices. The service is excellent and the prices are very economical. You must check this place out!
Good Korean market in Mesa AZ
Definitely we'll deserved 5 stars. Thx to the wherever/whenever staff. Received us with a warm present and an apology note because our room wasn't ready when we arrived. Daniel at Concierge desk attentive and caring. Wonderful room and friendly environment.
2 pc. chicken for $.99 on Tuesdays! I love their food fresh off the fryer. When it sits under the heat lamp for so long the meat becomes rubbery. Thats why its best to go on their busiest day - Tuesday! Chicken will be hot and yummy!
Nom nom nom.
Money! Delicious food and awesome friendly service!!
Great store with many unique glassware items.  Something for everyone's taste...great gift ideas as well.  Check it out!
staying the night, passing thru after a 4 day grand canyon backpacking trip... found me a douchebag staff, douchebag crowd, feel like im right back home at the jersey shore. love itttt!\n\ngood thing only my legs are sore, fist pumpinitt.
I ordered bridesmaid dresses here, but I saved the big wedding dress purchase for Marshall Fields' bridal department.  The dresses were too poofy for my taste.  The ladies who work here are helpful but I prefer to make an appointment and take my time choosing.  The bridesmaid dresses turned out fine.
Strange service, but the red curry is to die for!
The best part of of the meal was the saison beer. I tired the turkey Benedict and also the tri tip benedict. The turkey was dry and the tri-tip was alright.
The curry tastes good but a bit salty. Given the reasonable price I will come back if I'm craving for Thai curry.
I really liked this place - good atmosphere, great drinks and great service!
big fan ! love it.
I give them no stars these guys are thieves ..... They sold us a used unit they gave us 1yr warranty the unit broke in like a month tried  to contact them many of times no answer we even left voice mails and nothing ...so we ended up going somewhere elese .... Stay away from these guys
Service is poor. It was basically self service I had to grill and cut the meet begin to end. Server didn't even come to my table and ask anything.
Not a bad place, the service was good. Stopped in for some appetizers and drinks.  Only bottled beer, nothing on tap was a bit of a downer. All in all it wasn't a bad place to hang.
One of the few places you can get horchata (cinnamon/rice milk) and exotic candies (at the counter). \n\nIt's pretty mediocre Mexican food for the most part, but compared to what else you can get nearby, probably the most homegrown you can get.
You get to watch them hand pull your noodles fresh for your order! What else do I need to say? This place is great and not very expensive. A must try for sure!
Great rooms (suite as awesome). Great vibe, great staff, fun waterpark.   On-site restairauts...not so much. Terrible mexican and steakhouse.
Very generous portions and Winesday is a must (half off ALL bottles)!  My wife had the eggplant parm and I had a delicious cheese steak hoagie.  This will be our local Italian joint!
Every time I visit this DQ, they have the friendliest and most efficient staff!  We have been coming here for years. There are 2 other DQ's near me and this one requires me to drive through downtown Gilbert but I will keep doing it for the great service!
It is under new management.  The food is not quite as good as before.  The spring roll wrapper was dried and hard as if it was made a while ago.  The pho soup was too peppery, which is very unusual.
A good resort that my wife and I stay when we visit the Phoenix area, but the poolside service in the adult pool couldn't have been worse during our most recent stay.  Really poor service.
Foods ok. \nCheap if ur an adult with a boarding pass and u drink champagne.  However; if u have kids,this is pretty expensive since the age cut off is 3 n under. All in all, 3 stars for an average rating.
Probably my least favorite major west coast Airport because of its lack of amenities, long waits on the runway, always using US Airways here and I feel like this place has the most planes being shut down with service problems than any other airport around. (I understand heat is an issue)
Good, not great.  For a place that's called Steak Frite, their steaks and fries should be exceptional. They were both just average. The French onion soup was outstanding though. Service was friendly if a little slow. I'd probably not choose Steak Frite again, however if I were invited I would go.
Many stores are closed, and the idea that at the outlet you'll get a better deal is HISTORY. You can get better deals even in the fancy Fashion Square if you are patient and look for the right time. Considering how far it is...save your gas and shop more locally.
Bikram Tempe offers lots of classes and a small locker room that is sufficient for a quick shower as long as you don't mind maybe having to wait 5 minutes.\n\nI enjoyed all the instructors and immediately became hooked to Bikram Yoga.  Their comparable in cost to everyone else and a good central location.
Fun, spicy and beautiful\nI really enjoyed this show! And if you think which show to see in Vegas (this is kind of must-to-do in Las Vegas) Zumanity is the one.\nP.S.: I heard that there are some discounts for military.
I have to rate this hotel 5 stars.. everything thing was amazing from start to finish. Check in was super easy and everyone was super friendly.  I would definitely recommend this hotel and I will most definitely be back for a longer stay next time.
These guys were great!!  They arrived 10 minutes early and were very professional and efficient. I needed help swapping some furniture in my house.  They had great rates and texted me prior to arriving to confirm the appointment. I will definitely use them again if I need help moving!
The food is good.  I had the hawaiian specialty pizza.  If you want a different pizza joint to try, try ordering from North End Pizza.
It feels dangerous outside like you are going to get robbed but the cashier lady is very friendly and nice.
Totally overpriced. It was so greasy it soaked 7 paper towels before we could eat it. Tossed what we didn't finish as it wasn't worth keeping for left overs. \n\nThe garlic knots and buffalo wings were good. But again, not worth the price.
Arrived into town looking for an authentic restaurant versus some of the chains. My wife and I were extremely pleased with the horchata and the delicious carne asada tacos. Serve it yourself salsas make this extremely enjoyable also. Guacamole comes standard on the tacos which drives up the price slightly.
Loud. Like a nightclub with a subwoofer stuffed under your banquette. Food was solid without bewitching me. Our server, on the other hand...\n\nNot inexpensive.
Great food and BEYOND great, friendly service!  No food split fees either.
Our group got food poisoning from eating here. The service was great, but we got so sick afterwards we can never come back. \n\nStay AWAY! there are many other options for eating in the Venetian
Make sure you check your order because they messed mine up. And because of that our plans for the night didn't happen because we had to wait for our food. Thanks a lot to the wonderful people of this establishment to ruin the only night we had in Vegas that was planned out ahead of time.
Don't get me wrong, the food is good. I had the sausage omelet and was practically licking my plate afterwards, but I was put off by the service. It was lackluster at best.\n\nI would probably come back, but wouldn't make a special stop.
Pizza is okay. \nPasta is just okay.\nService is really bad.
1 of the reasons we bought a house in South West is because it is very close to this studio... Very thankful for the founder and coaches here for getting me and my hubby back in shapes.
Stay away from Circus Circus! That is all I have to say.
Rubios is good,but this location is not the best. They need to get with the program. My food has been cold and when Rubios comes out with new items,they lag in getting that menu item. When rubios.com says a new menu item has arrived it should be on the menu!
Flys everyywhere while im trying to eat! Its soo gross!!!!! Food is average! Its nothing special! I wouldnt go back
Love having our dog on the patio :-) good service, good food.
For the price, it was definitely not worth it.. Pretty terrible house margarita, too frozen to drink through the straw and pretty flavorless besides the tequila. The tacos were alright, but 3 tiny tacos for $14?? I think it is safe to say I will not be returning.
The sandwich are made with fresh ingredients and their is a good selection of options. They taste fantastic! You'll never settle for Subway again! Plus they have loaded baked potatoes!!!
$2 Long Islands last night. That makes for $4 doubles. Fun was had by all.
Great location lots of fun!
Stopped here for some expensive orange juice as we were tired from walking on the strip.  Loved watching those falls!!
Nothing to catchy with this bar.  As with Las Vegas, there's a bar on every corner.  Nothing too stand-offish.  Just another mediocre bar & grill.
UNfriendly service. BUT worse of all,they starting cleaning the grill before closing. They smoked us out of there!
First rate rental tool facility. Never a hassle. Staff is always friendly and willing to answer questions. This Home Depot is the only place I go to tools (lawn machinery, carpet cleaners, chain saws, etc).
Great addition to the cultural district. fast dinner on our way to a Pirates game. Terrific cold appetizers (especially the baba and eggplant marinara) and perfectly-cooked lamb shish kebab. The manager says they'll publish a takeout menu soon.
Seriously - this place is the best kept secret in the valley.  Terrific atmosphere, it's almost out of place (in a good way) in Phoenix.  Go and enjoy.
Meh.....  always a anted to try it out since I pass it so often going to Dutch Bros. Today I realized that I'm not missing out on much.
Slow servers.\nUnpolished silverware.\nNo refills.\nFood is mediocre except the crab dip.\nFrozen Hot Chocolate - worth taking the time to try but nothing to rave about.
Stayed on my mom's side of town and had a hankereing for chinese food. Overall, my experience was average. Favorites included war won ton soup and shrimp fried rice. Items to miss were the too oily chicken chow mein, and the vegetable curry, which was absolutely awful.
Had my first and hopefully my last visit.  I was unimpressed with the food.  I thought the prices were high for the quality (or lack thereof) of the food.  The cleanliness of the bathroom was bordering on unacceptable.  But it was close to the office and I had a nice time with my friend.
Awesome ramen. Great service. Great prices. Kinda hard to find if u r not familiar with the area but the girl stayed on the phone and walked us thru how to get here. Will Def come back!
Ate here twice.  Thought it was dirty and didn't find the food very good at all.
I'd like to amend my last review because I just saw they were on the local news for having 6 health code violations one being no soap in the hand washing station and the other for keeping food past the expiration date...just saying.
My boyfriend had been waiting a long time to go here and he said the birders were just average. I had the fries and they were good.
The food was pretty bad. We asked our waitress about several items, she was honest and told us not to get a lot of them. So I went with her recommendation of the t-bone special. It was way over salted and over buttered. Unfortunately, it's just crappy diner food. Go somewhere else.
Went to a Local First Arizona mixer. It's a great space- lots of room and perfect for any sort of reception or party. Since I didn't organize the mixer I don't have much more to say, but if I were living up in that part of the valley it would be a place I would want to use!
Just okay - seems to be a popular lunch place for folks working in the area.  The fries and potato salad were very good.  The sandwiches not so good.  We ordered the cheeseburger and club, both had no 'life' to them...
I looked at their menu. I saw Szechuan dumplings in Hot Oil. My mouth was watering. I called to place order. They don't have that. WTF??? Oh well...back to surfing.
Got into vegas around 8pm, had a couple drinks and explored with the family for a few hours when we got hungry so Roxy's was our pick since we love diner food. Big Mistake.The food was nasty and the service was worse. Stay away.
This is the worst food I have had in Phoenix. I went here on a whim with a friend, seeking japanese food. I am not even sure what they served me. Terrible. Do not go here.
Best melt in your mouth Brisket in the southeast. and i love the sauce.
To call this place a dive would be too flattering. it's a dump! What isn't filthy or broken is missing ,like good food How this place is in business is a mystery to me. Are there no health inspectors in that part of town?
Enjoyed fries served with 3 different dips, fresh apple/pecan salad, as well as most delicious scallops and truffle mac n cheese!  Hubby loved his steak!  Our server, Glen, was very attentive, friendly and fast!  Busy place, will return.
Overrated and underwhelming.  The place is messy like a Walmart on Boxing Day.  The brand names are scarce.  Not what I expected.  Sure it's crowded because it just recently opened, but they could have done much better.
This place is amazing!  I would recommend it to anyone!  Customer service was amazing and their hash browns were so unique and delicious!  They had onions ands bell peppers in them!! So great!! Fun environment and you can sit inside or outside.. love it
Awesome place! Very good food! Live music! What else do you need to spend a good time!
Over priced By the time I got my tickets and paid there \"fees\" I could have bought it at regular cost from the show and saved money\n\nThese dudes are not worth the time waiting in a line
The variety of games they offer here is great! They even have \"Dice\" station, which offers electronic Sic Bo and Craps.  The Casino is inviting, even though it seemed like everyone was losing here no matter what time of day you go.
A poor version of Cheesecake Factory (and I don't like Cheesecake Factory - big menu with lots of stuff from all persuasions, none of it rendered well - this place is similar but rendered even less well.)\n\nDon't waste your time.
I have been here several times because it is a favorite go to place at my company due to its proximity.\n\nThey are open for breakfast and lunch only. The lunch food for me has been consistently terrible. \n\nI cannot recommend it for lunch.
Unfortunately the staff did not handle the fact that 2 people in our party got sick from the tuna salad sandwich from the deli properly. Its a shame that such a hotel doesn't care to step up when things go wrong. I would never eat or stay at this hotel again.
Update: the remodel makes this fast food place a much hipper experience. The play area is the same but theres a different seating setup. They also have tvs now. 4 stars.
Good doughnuts but did not quite live up to all the hype. If it was a little bit closer to my house and was more reasonably priced then I would probably go more. One plus was that the lady working the counter gave me a free doughnut for being military. I did like the bacon on my doughnut though.
Alright seafood. Nothing great and way overpriced.
Liars! The guy we spoke too tried to nickel and dime us on things that are standard anywhere else. When we declined he chastised us. Then spoke to me like I was ignorant trying to cover his hustle. Not recommended!
Fun place to play some outdoor games, and drink. \nGreat atmospher, nice decor.\n\nThe only downside, yard needs more game tables, maybe darts and a few other choices, as when its busy its hard to get a place to play.
I haven't  eaten here in months due to bad experiences in the past and what a waste my phone in order was wrong as always. People avoid this place they have mediocre food and customer service is terrible!
I received an email from Thai K. thanking me for not returning.  There's professionalism for you.
Where you can find me most sundays. But lately the service is getting SUPPPEERRR SLOOOWWW. Plus the price has gotten insane, last weekend it cost $42.00 for my bf & myself, crazy for breakfast. The french toast is extremely good and their bagels are fresh.
closed - out of business
The vegetarian meatballs is a unique twist to he menu and rates good with quinoa. The food is good but the service is ok
This place has really gone down hill since relocating from Scottsdale. The food is over priced and poor quality. Spend your money and time some place else.
Super friendly staff, and great deals on all sorts of products!
This place is always good. Food and atmosphere is always amazing great ambiance overall.
I ordered a regular(7\"-$6.95) Big Kahuna Cheese Steak to go. It has grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, jalapenos and extra cheese. It was really good. The bread wasn't even soggy and it took me 20 minutes to get home!
Great service. Love the food and the menu prices are very reasonable. Private club so they treat their members much better than the public TPCs.
Savoury, perfectly balanced and cheap \"Jaffle\" grilled cheeses. Best vegan and gluten free chocolate and raspberry muffins. Awesome service and laid back d\u00e9cor
Kept selling coils that never fit my tank. Kept telling this brand no longer exist blah blah blah. Juices are over priced. Horrible product knowledge. Never going back
Beat up mini golf course
Great place and friendly service!  Had the steak teriyaki plate and a vegas roll, no complaints on either!
Best place ever to find your pet supplies - wholesale pricing  and you can bring your pet. Since many of the toys are down at Kona's eye level, he likes to pick \nout his own stuff.   Friendly staff\nYou can save a bundle here!
Joli caf\u00e9 situ\u00e9 dans un grand loft industriel chic, le service est rapide et courtois, on y sert de la bouffe japonaise + du bon caf\u00e9 !
I'm a university so probably not the typical customer, but I'm very put together and feel comfortable shopping in high end stores. Today however I was appalled at the rudeness of an elder sales lady on the top floor. She was rude and condescending and I have no interest in shopping there in the future.
We are waiting since 40mins to know about the vegan burger bun has no egg in it. The waiters here doesn't know anything about it. They don't even know if they have eggs in breads. The waiter is not even coming back to reply. Very very bad service.
Cupcakery. Monte Carlo. \nCoconut. \nStrawberry shortcake.\n\nthe cakes were Moist. Not  too sweet. frosting was alright. definitely a solid cupcakery
I'm not sure about this company, but I doubt if I would hire them as I have witness the tech spend less then 5 min. at a neighbors house. He spent more time sitting in the truck then he did around the pool . I wont rate this company until I see for my own eyes that this tech did work on the pool
Place is closed according to constable's note due to failure to pay rent. Effective 10/25/13.\n\nUsed to like the noodle soup here too. Dang.
Very helpful & knowledgeable staff. Bought a lime tree and they have helped me keep it alive by answering my questions over the phone months after I bought it there!
The food was fresh and tasty loved the steak made to order. The line was really long but it went fast. I didn't do the chocolate fountains I'm not a big sweets fan. I would for sure go back. You can't beat the price and the staff was really nice.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! Awesome cheesesteaks...probably the BEST in Vegas!
I stop in every chance I get, usually for lunch when I head out of town to Vegas or Sedona.\n10 visits ... plus , always fast, always tasty.\n\nCheck it out!
People are so nice at this location. Very friendly and accommodating. I love the bread here. Food - very mediocre but at least you know what you get.
My husband and I went to Wingstop for our first time tonight and boy do we regret it! The wings and fries were horrible and the sauce left a nasty taste on our mouths. We had higher hopes for this place and we are not going back again.
The view is extremely good, the wait service was excellent (thanks Sam) its nice to have an engaging but not overbearing waiter.  Our food was very good...the filet melted as soon as it hit our mouths and the seared scallops...wow.  \n\nWe will be back.
Ahh, Roberto's. Can't go wrong with the staple Mexican food offered here. Affordable prices, big portions, and the horchata is always a winner! Oh, it's also open 24-hours. We need one of these in Hawaii!
I love the Mad Greek in Baker,, the one here off Rainbow,, not so much....  Gyro is ok nothing special, better than Gyro Time but not by much....  Skip this one,, get the one in Baker,, a special treat if you make that drive to LA...
Lunch at Pei Wei is basically a done deal.  Food is consistently fast and good.  The staff was very accommodating, basically creating a new dish that my son would eat, but giving us the child's price still.\n\nCan't go wrong here.
Reminded me exactly of Cheesecake Factory in the Palazzo. Everything here is Texas-sized: menu, portions, drinks, etc. We had an awesome Saturday afternoon lunch/hangover killer on a bachelor party weekend. Prices were Vegas-esque so a little more than you'd pay elsewhere.
The food was not memorable but, getting food poisoning was.\n\nI ordered for five people and three out of five got uber sick.\n\nThe one thing we all had in common was the chicken.\n\nIf I didn't get food poisoning it would be three stars.
The waitress was a real b*tch, really rude I'm surprised she still works there. Never going back.
Fast, fresh, hot, and healthy. Each plate is prepared to order. Miso soup is enough for two people. The ambience leaves something to be desired.
I would give 0 stars if I could. Ordered a canvas for my mom for Christmas. Waited forever for a blurry canvas (made SURE to submit a CLEAR picture) that was stapled so off center that the border color I chose is all wrong on the front of the pic. Worst groupon choice ever.
Love this hotel.  Staffs are very friendly and attentive to your needs.  \n\nRooms are very spacious and clean.  The casino does not smell like cigarettes, very good ventilating system.
Pleasantly surprised!  Had a horrible experience at OHSO across the street so we were very happy when we had a great experience here.  Service was wonderful, many drink selections, clean atmosphere, good music.  Will definitely be returning!
Horrible service for a place that is totally empty. Bartender is extremely unfriendly and works at a snails pace. Food menu is from Stop N Shop (Gas Station) across from parking lot. No reason to stop and go inside unless you waiting for food from Roberto's.
Decent buffet,but lines can exceed 40 or 50 people on a weekday at 1 PM.\n\nIt's not the Bellagio and I'm not going to wait 45 minutes for a mediocre buffet.
The wraps are super yummy. Great service our server was very nice and came to check on us constantly. Great selection of beer and they have over 6 tvs for the games.
Service is good but the cooks need work, and waaaay over priced, I ordered the \"special\" , supposed to be a delicious steak , I ordered medium/well it was like rubber, no taste to it. The service gets a 8 out of 10 but the food its a totally different story.
This place has extremely bad customer service.  I've been here a few times and there are always many employees on the sales floor, but the vast majority act like you are troubling them if you ask for assistance.  I really hate this place.
Great food for the price. Fast, friendly service. I plan to go back
I usually drive through for food.  Friendly and quick service.
LOVE this place. Love that they have so many great gluten free options and that they are unique. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the fresh food, kind staff and desserts.
The food is great and especially the wings. I tried the Bourbon Lemonade but it seemed quite watered down. It could have been more tangy.
One of the best lanes in the valley for sure. Plenty of lanes and they offer a VIP area for the rich and famous, or something like that. A full bar with pool tables and dart boards and a game room for those who don't like to bowl there is something for everyone.
I had seen the many reviews about Fired Pie, and since I was in the area I had to check it out.  It was well worth the stop and I'll be going back soon!
Four of us with differing tastes wanted a nice place to celebrate a anniversary. We decided on Fuego and everything was perfect and delicious.\nFood, service and ambiance was wonderful. Highly recommend this wonderful restaurant to anyone.
Great location, nice employees.  Could do better on the service.
Sauteed veggies highly recommended!
Matcha green tea latte with almond milk & raspberry syrup. This was suggested by the barista and it was damn good!
Best Tacos De Carne Asada I've had. The meat is so tender and easy to chew and chopped just the right size.
Highly recommend this father and son team!!! Very polite, on time, clean, professional I can't say enough about them. They are simply amazing.
pad thai = chow mein, the chicken dishes are bland. \nIf you're going to get something get the stir fries.
My wife and I love to eat here. My favorite is the chicken paramsian and we love the endless pasta bowls as well. I love to eat the salad and breadsticks too. The mints don't hurt at the end of the meal thats for sure.
I would recommend reading the reviews of the other locations and see how people are promised one thing when they sign up only to have it change when it is time to renew their contract.  Prices going up over $180 a year after being told their \"price for life\"  to being nickel and dimed to use separate pieces of equipment.  Do research!
Some of the worst  food I have ever had, I would think twice before I ate here again even if I were close to starvation. Stay away!
Good service. Runs a proper business. Shows up when promised. Fairly priced. Responds promptly to repair issues. Could scrub my rocks a bit more so the calcium does not build up. Other than that a professional company and honest!
I thought the show was really cool.  I good blend of performance and music.  The only thing holding me back from a 5 is the lack of a storyline, it just seemed like a bunch of music videos strung together for me.
It was okay in a pinch.  The greeter/server seemed rushed and a little confused by the yelp deal-didn't feel a good customer service vibe.  Food was okay but the beans and salsa were a little too bland for us.
Been going here for years.  The food and service is going downhill.  Last night entrees arrived 15 minutes apart.  Manager who appeared to be about 16 said it was because they have two kitchens? Apparently they don't talk to each other. Avoid
service sucks and the food sucks. I don't recommend this restaurant at all. I would never eat here again.
My go to spot when I need good healthy food or a post meal workout. I've ate here several times and I am never disappointed. The food has great flavors and good portions. A must try from everyone!
Love Starubucks coffee but hate this location.  Always extremely busy and the people working at this particular one are always so rude and short with customers.  Will go out of my way to go to another Starbucks that offers a more pleasant experience.
Consistently ok food. I adore the fish tacos. Other meals I've had there are literally not memorable. It is a small, clean little place. The service I've had here has been pretty good on most occasions, but can be a little slow.
Delicious food. The price could be better though.
Best experience ever. Bartenders, servers, and security were phenomenal. DJ was excellent and the environment was absolutely perfect. Will definitely be recommending and returning.
Best meat in Madison. How do I know this? Have you ever had a Bou burger? If yes, then you know. If no, then go to the Caribou on Johnson.
I went there today and like always the people are nice always trying to lend a helping hand .I've always loved going . Ever since my dad first brought me here when I was younger I've always looked forward to our next trip here.
Great food and service. Wine prices are reasonable and they have some very good wine available. Owners are always onsite and available to say hello and just check that all is well. Music a few nights a week but same guy all the time.
The line was way too long because there was only one cashier. They were getting mixed up with their orders and thats what made it really long.
Went for brunch.  Reminded me of meal at my old student union grill in college(that's not a good thing). Place screams \"closing soon\". The online menu is completely different from their real\nMenu(not a good thing).  Should have gone to petite maison.
Loud, I mean really LOUD!\nBurger was ok.\nFries were over salted, Sweet Tater Tots Rock!\nAlso, I find food served in baskets awkward.
If you are craving some amazing and authentic Cajun flavor you HAVE to try Flavors of Louisiana! The Gumbo is delicious! Very casual and family friendly...just be sure to wear an expandable waistline because these flavors will have you eating until you are STUFFED!
Great pizza. Casual and laid back.
Love their burgers especially with avocado! I think it is better than In-N-Out.
I actually heard an employee say: \"I get paid hourly, I don't need to work any faster\" \n\nI waited in line for 15 minutes to pick up a new mailbox key. Which they charged us $40 for. \n\nI can't wait until the USPS shuts down completely.
went in there and definitely got the $5 off deal for seeing their store on yelp:D great customer service and my display screen for my iPhone was repaired in 30 minutes as they stated. Would definitely come here again for a phone repair!:) they were also really nice
Called to make an appointment for a \"Complete\" car wash and was quoted a price.  When I arrived, the price doubled.  The salesman thought it was really funny.  The manager backed him.  I used to be a regular customer (four cars!) for many years.  Time to move onto another car wash company.
I had the Potato Balls, they were larger than i expected (i'm used to the likes of Portos) but i was not discouraged from attempting to take them in all at once, alas i failed.. but i was a happy camper.
I contacted them via email about the hidden charges.  They refunded the disconnect fee.
Pure crap. You're better off eating grass at the curb. All the food is full of MSG, over cooked, soggy. Terrible service. Yet it's packed. What people won't do for a $12.99 meal and bring their own wine. Ridiculous !
Mediocre pizza.\n\nOrdered pizza for the Super Bowl and they only had half our order ready 40 minutes later. Pretty much ruined our party. We'll get our pizza from some place more reliable next time.
The food is just average,the service is pretty slow. So why is this \nplace so popular? I can't figure it out. I've spent whole afternoons\nsitting at the bar,wondering about this. I'll probably keep going \nback until I solve this mystery.
Had steamed mussels and clams, which were good. Toast that came up it was too salty and not much flavor. Service was fine. Casual atmosphere.
Hands down my favorite sushi spot in town. Great services, great food, great atmosphere. Everyone I take to ILS falls in love with the place, as I did when I walked in for the first time last year. I'll drive as far as I need to have sushi @ILS
Awesome service, awesome people great food and baked goods. The coffee isn't to Bad either. The decor reminds me of little coffee shops in portland, oregon. My kind of place. I would definitely comeback and recommend this place to anyone.
Bellagio's gift back to the community. It is graceful, sometimes romantic, other times whimsical.  It softens the harsh and overwhelming commercialism of the strip.  I returned every night before bed.
When the server tells you order your food now or because I might not be back in an hour you know you are in trouble.  With that encouragement we had a couple of apps, greasy hummus and volcano wings that I think we more like smoldering hill wings.  Except for the Land Shark there is no reason to go back.
I highly recommend!!!  Fast, efficient, friendly...You won't be sorry for calling Garcia's for your window services.
Gross!  I think the other + reviewsare padded from friends and family.  Terrible quality, fatty meat and poor service.  You've been warned...
Pretty standard crappy laundromat.  About half of the machines are broken, most annoyingly ALL of the double load machines which are the most cost effective for my laundry needs.  AC is marginal, and I am actually pretty sweaty in here.  The driers seem to work well and are pretty cheap
It's seriously just a grass field. Surrounded by homeless people. Not a fan at all. Plus in the summer there is zero shade anywhere. Not on the field or parking.
Wow they've come a long way over here. Top 3 Shops in town. They're always up to date on what's trendy. They also have the best name brand products around. Great, great glass, tools, and accessories...
I have eaten at the Brooklyn Grimaldi's, so the bar was set high.  I was so disappointed when the pie came out soggy.  BOOOO!!!!!   The service was fast and friendly.
I use to come here all the time about a year ago. They changed their portion size and I love their food but I'm not paying 13$ plus a tip to go home hungry. It makes me upset because I love their food! Wishing they had larger portions.
I stopped here tonight because my favorite sub place just over the freeway, AZ Sandwich Co, was out of bread. Never again. This place cost almost twice as much, and had about 1/3 of the meat. The bread was chewy, and the toppings didn't look very fresh.
My second time getting my car windows tinted with Aladdins Window Tinting.  They do a very good job for a decent price.  Had my first car done 2 years ago and windows still looks great.  I would highly reccomend to anyone looking for quality service and installation for a reasoniable price.  5 stars
I HATE clubbing and HATE people who refer to themselves as clubbers. This place is about as much fun as church on Sunday and has just as many fake people as Church as well. Stay away unless you want to be surrounded by douche bags.
Too touristy for me-its in all the right locations and they have the beautiful chocolate fountain to draw you in but nothing I had here (chocolate or crepe) really impressed me too much. I'd have to say it's overrated!
Never disappoints back for another commuter sandwich this morning on my way home from airport.  Looks like they have a new rotisserie going to have to stop back for dinner sometime\n\nNice to sit out side and enjoy our beautiful Arizona weather
My fish & chips were BLAND although the fish quality was high there just wasn't any flavor. I expected better Ramsey!
Love my local bar!
Perfect size. Friendly staff.
My girlfriend and I have ordered from here twice and she has gotten sick both times. I have been OK, but the quality of the food is definitely in the \"cheap\" category so those with sensitive stomachs need not apply.
I gave a gift certificat to The Sushi to a friend and he loved it.  He was raving about how good the food is.\n\nFYI - restaurant.com has $25 gift certificates for $10 and if you get them on sale for only $2.
Grabbed a quick slice between meetings and gambling. A good cure for a mid day hangover.  The pizza is decent. Not as good as a Chicago deep dish. But this is Las Vegas. And I don't expect the best. Was a good value also.....
Felt like a Bond Girl. Mission Accomplished.\n\nDrinks are actually worth it here.  --insert rant about crazy rising Vegas drink prices again--
I tried the Berry Blintz today and it was so refreshing on a hot summer day!\nMy friends tried the Chicken Quesadilla and one had a Beef Barbacoa Quesadilla\nwhich was delicious. And of course we couldn't go wrong with a Santa Fe Straw!
Great customer service in a diversified area.
Just walked out of the bank due the the weirdo in the corner staring at me and clearly jacking off. No one else seemed to even notice or care.  Disgusting.
Bought a 2-speed 1hp pump from Perry's in January, 2011. It came with a 1-year warranty.  It burned out two weeks after the warranty expired.  That is about the worst case scenario you can expect.
This place has a disgusting smell when you walk in and then the food is just ok.  My husband and I had breakfast burritos, I have to say my bacon was crispy which was the only good part.  My husband had sausage and he ended up with food poising, so we will never go back.
The ribs are the best BBQ in Madison by far and have never disappointed in many visits. The rest of the menu is inconsequential -- trust me, just get the ribs.
Great place to hang out on a Sat night when you don't feel like being around a bunch of kids. Nice mix of customers, friendly staff.\nSteak from here was surprisingly good...really good. The pours on the drinks are nice and DJ keeps a good mix of music to keep the crowd going.
The sliders are delicious, but ask them to please hold the Salmonella
good food, high prices.  love the modern atmosphere and patio is very cool but i think there are much better places to get tastier food and less expensive drinks in central phoenix.
One of the best sushi places in town and worth going just to try the godzilla tails which are fantastic!
I don't really remember being here, but one drink tasted like a jolly rancher and one was like a tootsie roll. \n\nAhhhhMazing! \n\nAnd the Britney Couture Pops, so cute!
Not a bad option if you are starving at the PHX airport. Ordered the Chicken Lo Mein. The vegetables tasted fresh, the chicken was white meat and the service was kind.
Food is so so, they serve their food messy!!!  They put cheese all over the food by the time it gets to your table is a blob of melted cheese!!!!!!
The food is always good but the service has been very poor every time I go. We started getting carry out over dining it because of how poor the service is.
Best meal we've had during our week long vacation.  The wrap was great, potato salad - fantastic, and side of kale - mmm mmm.  We'll be back.
Last night I walked all around uptown in Charlotte, NC last night with my friend and ran across this place. You've got to try this place! They have THE BEST burgers in NC - hands down!
I'll give this place A+++++
Just had my birthday dinner, with my daughter and husband, at Casa Reyna.  The food was definitely authentic Mexican.  The salsas were fresh and the lunch portions huge.  We will go back as often as possible.
Love Warhol, so this was a no brainer. I enjoyed seeing all phases of his work from the blotted line/gold leaf drawings, movies, and of course, the silk screens.
A delicious menu with a twist. Unique wine list too!
I stopped going here for two reasons:\n\nThey stopped the Basics class with Mimi Solaire.\n\nHer replacement was less than half as qualified and forced us to listen to his mediocre singing. \n\nAwful!
Love Bravi! Especially the Tuscan Tomato Soup, but everything is delicious. Is it a four-star gem? No. But the food is still excellent.
Had chicken salad. Was good but very pricey. Their pizza is about 20-30% more expensive than any comparable pizza in the area. And since the pizza is just mediocre it is definitely not a good value so I'll pass!
Apparently being the correct demographic for this place, I recd a coupon for a free drink in the mail. Coupons are always challenging for staff to treat graciously. So a fair test for trying a new place. They failed miserably though the Rickard's white I had was nice.
Sometimes the sushi is amazing sometimes, usually seems to happen around lunch time it is terrible. Which is why I give it an average rating. You are never exactly sure what you are going to get might as well flip a coin and hope for the best
If I had to put this club into one word, that word would be terrible. Cover price is too much, drinks are way too expensive, the music was bleh, it was dirty, and the crowd was awful. They just lost their liquor license--good riddance.
We had a very disapointing and somewhat disturbing eating experience at Pedro's this week.  The chips were stale, the waitstaff was unable to get any of our order right, and the food we were served was terrible and overpriced.  Literally the sour cream was frozen...who freezes sour cream?!
best sandwiches in the whole valley. Great sandwiches very consistent
2 days in a row we decided to eat here due to the fact that we where staying at GV resort. 2 days in row we where disappointed!!! Took 20 min to get drinks, food was cold and they never even put my wife's order in! Never will I come back!!
The tacos cost $2.50 each and I tried the fish tacos.  I enjoyed the fish tacos at Del Taco better than these.  The wooden chairs were uncomfortable and there were lots of flies flying around.  Gross.  I won't be back.
You pay for what to get.  This is still one of the nicer places to stay and play at.  Overall good experiences each I stay here.
Fred, Sean and the rest of the gang are SUPER nice.  Consistenly top-notch product.
I have never been to the Hard Rock Cafe before so I personally enjoyed the decor. Our waiter was hilarious and I loved my Granny Smith burger. The portions were big and I had a lot of fun.
Pretty solid burger spot.  This place is fast and serves up a good, solid burger. I have also tried the fried pickles which have been a bit too salty at times.  Definately better than fast food or The habit at a resonable price.
We were expecting to find foie gras poutine on the menu but it wasn't. The ambiance was very dirty and cheap feeling and the fries were of poor quality. It was very filling and good food if you are drunk but I will probably not go back there.
Loved the pork (al pastor) with pineapple dish! And the chips and salsa was also very good! My hubby also enjoyed his meal.. Love the server!! He was very sweet and the service was very good as well!! Will be back!
Stopped by late one night and picked up a pizza for takeout.  Although it seemed to be a little pricey, it was an excellent pizza.  Tasty thin crust, delicious pizza sauce and was very generously topped with mushroom (big fresh slices) and pepperoni.  So good.
Yummy. Shanghai chicken salad was awesome. I love the soups too... lobster bisque.. yum. The chocolate strawberry is a nice touch too.\n\nTrue it is corporate feeling but the staff is friendly.
I just went to this restaurant tonight and it was so incredible that I  ate and ate and ate and couldn't stop and now I want to die from fullness.\n\nIncredible food. 10/10 would overeat here again.
Their drinks R always so good and make 'em fine and strong. The food always good mix of flavors and combinations I love how they aren't afraid of trying new flavors and so far they have make my palate happy and the ones of my friends too. So yes I liked and keep going for more!!!
Skip this Place as We went there for Dinner and beside having POOR Service the FOOD was AWFUL and Cold to Boot...I've had a Better Meal at Taco Bell !!
It's an airport.  It sucks sometimes and it sucks less at other times.
Way too sweet! We had breakfast here and even the French toast has sugar dusted all over it. The banana pancakes all mushed together with the amount of syrup on them. Fast service but low quality food. Nice server is the reason they get 2 stars not 1.
HAPPY HOUR HAPPY HOUR!! What a fine happy hour it twas! We ordered just about everything on the HH menu since it was just $3 and the passion fruit sangria was light and delicious! Service was awesome. Loved it!!
Had dinner here last night. Not really the authentic Korean barbecue that I was expecting. We had one of their popular combination specials. Meat was good, but Kimchee wasn't too good.  Service was pretty good with an easy location to find. Next time I'll try one of the other barbecue places.
The Cooked, Corked, & Poured dinner every month is what any foodie should be after.  A Top Chef event with special drink pairing from a local distributor every time (we have attend the wine, OMB, and vodka sessions so far).  It quickly becomes the highlight for us every month!
Unless you are a percussion junkie, I'd pass.  While the interactive gimmick was nice, it left us with headaches.  We liked Stomp, so much better.  This was a very watered down version and just not up to par.
I went to this place for the first time today. The coffee was perfect !  The staff was very nice and the atmosphere was very relaxing. The sandwiches were a little slow coming but once served were quite good. I would recommend this place. It's a nice change from all the chain restaurants around town.
This place used to be excellent when they first opened several years ago. The quality and service have gone way down and the prices have gone way up. Is not a good value at all.
Amazing pizza!!! of course as soon as I moved out of my apartment across the street vito's came in, would have been there ALL the time otherwise! Really nice inside! Try the Buffalo chicken pizza its SO good!
does not worth the money.  Come on Thanksgiving.\nThe price is much higher than 50 bucks. And there is always a line to wait for hours!! What the hell!
Zero atmosphere,  yet friendly,  clean and a dozen or more vegetarian/vegan options. My falafel is absolutely delicious and the pita is freshly baked. ...I am taking a few home to make lunch sandwiches this week.
You used to be good.
I'm flying from phoenx to orlando tomorrow.  I have seat 33, my daughter has seat 16.  I've been trying to weeks to get this changed.  Now i've been told to get to the airport as early as possible.
By far, The Pink Pepper is the best Thai food in the East Valley.  Their buffet is reasonably priced and delicious!
I love this salon! I always buy my hair extensions from Adam and he has been the most accommodating. When my girlfriend was in town; I took her to the salon to get her extensions and they turned out great! Much respect.
Very good service and food. Very clean inside. Was greeted with a smile. Food came out hot and in a timely fashion.
Lots of grizzle in both the burritos my wife and I had and tacos were dry. Quality has gone down the tubes and I will be going somewhere else.
The fish is only ok. We went on a Sunday during brunch hours and the brunch looked ok, but it was far to expensive for what you appeared to get. The restaurant has a nice view, especially if you haven't been on this side of the lake.
Had a great time last night, 6.25 for 2 movies! we brought our own chairs, and picnic basket. The sound system is the radio on your car, so it shouldn't be a problem.
Don't go if you are not Hispanic. You will be ignored. I sat there with another white guy and a black guy, we all sat there as others just walked in and jumped in the chair. Lame way to do business.
I had the Beef Chimichanga and it tasted like Chinese fried rice wrapped in a tortilla that absorbed the taste of a frier that has not had the oil changed in a while.
Word on the street is that a new super-fancy Taj-MahTeeter is coming to Plaza Midwood...in 2013!  From the blueprints, it looks like it will be quite awesome.  But, until it's arrival, I will continue to hate coming to this one.  Sorry, Teeter.
Very nice staff and clean restaurant. The wait time can be a little long sometimes. The food is hit or miss. It's either fresh and great or old and dry. Just depends on your timing. Prices have steadily been rising, but I guess that's to be expected in today's day and age.
Terrible service. All waitresses seem to be in training; they're more interested in talking to each other or watching the TV. Most of all, after complaining about to the manager, he didn't seem to care.
Great place for lunch. Meatball sandwich is my fav! I have not had pizza there- I think it is served for dinner only, but I hear it is good. Cozy atmosphere for dining inside or out. Minus one star for lack of parking.
Good noodle soup. That's rare enough to earn 4 stars for sure. I'll be back...often.
Great food, but tight location and there was almost a line out the door. Rather than sit in line, we ordered to take out. The food was great, though and really had great Indonesian flavours.
Very Good, Good variety of meats and lots of seafood including lobster, shrimp, clams, muscles ,scallops blue crab and crab legs also good variety of vegetables noodles and tofu. Very friendly and helpful staff. Clean place and only $24.99 all you can eat.
Nothing spectacular for breakfast brunch, as hotel \"hot\" breakfast.... simple things for $15... really?
The airport itself is decent. I would never gamble here, but i do see people at the slots. the monorail is fun to ride to  baggage claim.\n\nbeware spirit airlines!
Great selection of cigars.  Knowledgeable and friendly staff. One of the most beautiful bars in the valley.
This place is so poorly designed first of all if your entire party is not present you can't be sat and they don't have anywhere for waiting guests to sit and the waiting area is tiny.
Edamame beans soaked in garlic, ginger, chili!! BOMB!!
A lot of fun...just don't pay full price...go to the discount ticket office!
Best sushi in Arizona!!! Come here all the time, it's right down the street. Found it on Yelp. I'm from NY and it is right up there with some of the best sushi I've had.
Never going back.Keep treating your customers like dirt.\nRude staff treated us like we inconvienced them by walking in the door.\nDon't worry,,you'll never see us again
I love this bank! Great ATM, never any problems. And whenever I have to go inside, the customer service is outstanding. When I started a new direct deposit Melissa from this branch called me to see how my new job was going! Wow!
Unbelievably awful place where cute twenty-something bartenders on power trips steal your money, shout insults at you through bullhorns and kick you out of the bar for not buying them shots. Sound like fun? Oh, and the booze is bottom-of-the-barrel trash and the prices are high. Enjoy.
This place sucks...seems like they can never get it down ... COLOR INSIDE THE LINES... Bad polish job. \n\nPlus...since when is it okay to do a pedi with bubbles? Ugh!
Ken and his team have done several upholstery repairs for me on my cars and motorcycle seat and the work and efforts made to make me happy were never ending. I am very happy with the work and care put in to the results. I would not hesitate recommending them. They were also extremely fair in pricing.
Would have a had a 5-star if the wait and service was better.\n\nFood is amazing. They deliver on the twisted farm food promise.  \n\nThe fried sage fried chicken and the chicken and waffles were very impressive.
It got delivered nearly 30 minutes late. The pizza was substandard.
Not as good as Molly Brannigan's, but a decent pub none the less.
Oh my gosh! This place is amazing!!! Spent over four hours browsing and barely made it through half the mall! The selection is fantastic & the prices reasonable. I loved looking around at all the different items. I'll definitely be back!
Black Dog all you need to know is it is scary good. Line may be out the door but it is worth the wait. This is grown man Barbeque!
We love this ballpark. It's conveniently located in downtown Phoenix close to the freeways. The retractable roof is a great feature of this park. No matter the weather, it's always comfortable inside!
My favorite pizza in madison when done right.  I ate here after  a couple of tough interviews and one long flight and I don't think anything is more healing than a super hot pizza, a pitcher of moose drool, and great company.
The food was terrible. I would be ashamed to have my name on it. Some of the reviews on here complained about service but ours was at least good.\n\nFood was bland and had little flavor.
Yummy! I got the Ruben and it is delicious! Turkey instead of corned beef and awesome kraut! Customer service is great. This is an awesome sandwich place in NoDa! Disappointed that I haven't tried these guys sooner. Can't wait to go back!
I had a very good experience there today. Three three employees help us with our purchase today. The male employee Marcus really went above and beyond. Marcus went out of his way to find a toy gun my son want it and searched and searched and finally found. This is the second time in two weeks that I had a very good experience.
Nice wal-greens, courteous staff. Has everything you'll need. Five stars because the staff was so kind.
If you want a horrible, overcooked steak brought out with the wrong side items, this is your restaurant!  Oh, and it will cost you $45 for dinner and one drink.
Convenience store and souvenirs at a very reasonable price. The place itself was pretty cozy and felt as though you were in some kind of cave. I recommend this place for anyone looking to get souvenirs or snacks.
Very nice experience. I went to get a new set up for the bathroom- shower curtain, trash can, rug, towels etc...they only had the curtain and the trash can but they ordered the rest for me- no charge for shipping and I even got 20% off! YAY!
It is a non for profit place. Decent coffee/latte selections. I only ordered tea. There is live music most nights, but it is such a small space... kind of uncomfortable. I'd rather go to starbucks(and I hate starbucks).
Real nothing special. Waiter mislead us on several items. Real quite disappointing. Ate in under 40 minutes and left
These are the best! The shopping here is better than Fashion Show. Everyone I encountered was really nice, even at the apple store! (surprise!)
My fiance and I went here for New Years. We were not happy with our meal but they want us to come back and have offered a gift card for the cost of our bill.  I think everyone deserves a second chance.  Service was very nice. Food could use a little help
Platinum member. Checked in first time and got upgraded (sounds good) but there was a worker living in our room. Not joking.\n\nSecond time. Walked into our room and it was 55 degrees. The air was on. But it was 50 degrees outside. Ugh. Horrible.
Le fish'n ship est tout simplement sublime et les pommes de terre grecque succulente!!!
Jake and Season are always there to greet you with a smile and the best iced latte in town. No wonder they win all the coffee awards!
Basically a glorified strip club, the same stench of desperation lingering in the air. Disgusting. At least get good looking girls if you're operating a strip club and naming it a bar.
We're San Francisco Giants fans, so it pains us to admit it, but this is the best Spring Training facility in Arizona. The D-Backs and the Rockies did it right! Don't miss a visit to the bullpen, where you can lean over the rail and watch pitchers warm up.
Service wasn't good, wasn't bad.  \n\nThe chefs are really nice and helpful.  \n\nNot the best sushi in town and their portions are really small for the price.
This place should not be used in the same sentence as a gay bar/club. Boring music, lame, tired old crowd/workers... Forgotten is right as you shall forget about this place if your gay and fabulous.....
My favorite sushi spot in town.  No question. Hands down.  And that's after several years of living here and trying many other spots.\n\nTry the Alaskan roll with cream cheese for a real treat!  My favorite roll anywhere!  So fresh and full of flavor with ingredients that taste a notch above the rest.
Have had good and bad experiences with the service, but this is my car dealer and I prefer to be with them. The problem is when your car is out of warranty, the attention somehow decreases and the maintenance becomes expensive. However, the staff is friendly and the location is convenient.
DBLTA sandwich + pancakes for two ppl. We don't know the pancake and the sandwich will be that big. Worth the price, the veg in the sandwich is fresh. Ice tea is great, love it cuz it's not sweet.
Great place for a burger and a quick lunch.
Just so disappointing, I would maybe go if they have the burger deal going. The customer service was great but the food IS AWFUL. WHY CAN YOU ONLY SERVE BURGERS WELL DONE?
One of the best Ruebens I've had!  Their food is really high quality and delicious!  Free delivery to nearby offices too.  The portions are huge - it was so good I wanted to keep eating but I was stuffed.  I can't wait to try another sandwhich!
Pizza crust was good...don't get the Cesar unless you like the fishy taste of anchovies , lasagna was bland.
You pay to get in to pay to get the most expensive samples I have ever bought.. I even got free tickets to this mess and I wouldn't have gone if I would have known it was set up that way.. No thanks!
One of the best habachi and sushi restaurant in vegas!! EXCELLENT food and GREAT customer service.
Average Chinese cuisine and way over-priced.
Had a fantastic dinner here on 7/22.  P.H.I.L. was our waiter and he was phenomenal !  Food was GREAT! As was service!    Highly recommend this place!  Sat outside and was very comfortable!   Will be back again and again!!!!
Wow this made the trip... good heli's and experienced pilots! What a view and lunch at the bottom of the canyon!!
Great food, really cool people, and plenty of neat stuff to look at in the shop while you eat. Loved it!
Great place to go after the gym ... The teryaki chicken has lots of protein, brown rice and lots of vegetables!
This long standing restaraunt never fails.  Every thing was cooked correctly from perfect eggs to crispy hash browns.  It has a booth for every table,just classic Vegas
I love the Postino on Campbell but for some reason this one I'd even better. The same great wine selection, delicious food and great atmosphere. I come here regularly from Gilbert and think it's worth every cent of gas mileage!
Terrible terrible service!   \n\nFood was ok.    Seafood soba was good, char kway teow forgettable and chicken rice was disappointing.
Their macaroons were okay. The first time i had them at a potluck they were really good. Thats the reason i decided  to go today and bought 3 diff flavors. I wasnt too happy about it. i think it was the texture of the cookie :/
As far as I know, the only place in Pittsburgh that offers hand-pulled noodles (pulled right in front of you!) and soup dumplings, both of which are amazingly delectable. Heck, this restaurant is likely the only location in this side of Pennsylvania doing what they are doing!
Good food good atmosphere good service. Liked the tacos a lot but we weren't terribly impressed with the salads and we casually mentioned it to our server who told the management who came over apologized and comp'd them even though we told him that wasn't necessary. Very positive review of the service!
Great atmosphere, great food, great service, great music, great beer! Love the patio! We shared the  rib eye steak, and the brownie Sunday and had the Maibock beer. It was all great!
In summary,  this place is a glory hole. Dimly lit n full of creepy mofos! U might get a Happy ending BUT it might be from a dude. \n\nI'm going back tonight anyway! Why not!
Not one to bash a restaurant. But this place is just not for me. Too many people eating there, of course it's a tourist for people visiting Vegas from mainland china. It's just not for me the taste is nothing what I had expected. Service is great. But the food is just not.
Fantastic service and a great atmosphere! If you want to enjoy gourmet style food for a very reasonable price. The greatest thing about this place is it's personality. The servers are fantastic and the food is phenomenal. Definitely recommend if you're in the Fremont area.
This place is disgustingly filled with flies everywhere! Not just a couple. Several hundreds of them. Some constantly buzz around you. And hundreds more just chilling on the ceiling.
Had delivery last night, through grub hub.  The food arrived 1/2 hour late, and most of it was cold,  one of the four dishes we ordered (the three thread salad) was quite good.  The salted fish with salted mustard cabbage was okay, and the potstickers and sesame chicken were just bad.
Went in off season, poor service, cold food, pricey for what you get. Ordered the taco salad - stale tortillas.
Best chicken steaks sub I've ever had...I I like the chicken steak sub.  They used to have the best waffle fries but for some reason they changed them.  And waffle fry version 2.0 isn't as good as 1.0
Fantastic place to get a drink before a night out on the town!!!!
I love the whole \"build your own cupcake\" idea.  It speaks to my inner fat kid.  Hahaha.  The cupcakes are really quite delicious.  A must try!
Fantastic Pho and service. I went during off hours so it wasn't busy, not sure how things are during busy hours. \n\nStaff was very knowledgable too.
Nice ambiance but portions are kinda small.
Great place. Perfect for lunch or dinner or just grabbing a drink. Great sports bar feel, but family friendly.
Very over price and mike was not helpful at all.
very disappionted in customer service. i have shopped in this store for over ten years and feel like i have been treated less than appropriately on sveral occasions.  taking care of their long standing customers in difinitely  not a priority!!! very disappionting.
An amazing setting in a former women's prison.  Food was delicious, service was impeccable, but they could use more vegetarian options.  The grilled salmon was great but what I would return for is a plate of their super garlicky pasta!  A little pricey so just 4 stars.
Was that a burger? I was so turned off by the charred greasy whatever that was on my bun,I couldn't take a Second bite or even make myself eat the fries or order any custard. So based on the one bite I could stomach less than 1star.
not terrible!!
Clean hotel, friendly staff, good location to get around when visiting for work and the hotel bar is a nice place to grab a drink after a long day.
Phenomenal display cases, great atmosphere, trendy eye-wear, very modern, sleek and clean!
Customer service is awful and that is being kind.  Recently tried to stop in a buy some pool acid and was told they were too busy to help me so I took my business elsewhere.  The service clerk could not have been more rude if he tried.  Avoid this business at all costs unless you want to be treated like you are pond scum.
I tried the chicken kebab wrap and it was delicious. The meat was juicy and spiced perfect. The wrap bread they use had a good taste of its own. Can say that the chicken kebabs were one of the best i have tasted.
My wife and I visited Firefly during a recent trip to CES.  Locals and our LA friends recommended this place to us.  The food is pretty tasty.  In fact I was impressed.  I recall our waiter being super friendly.
The worst apartment complex tied because of the management and the people here are sketchy and now there are gangs but across the street from Panda Express and down the street from the wealthiest place in Henderson but the worst cops in the nation because they are sketchy to
Food was ok and the service was horrible. I love Moe's but if this was my first experience with the chain it would be my last.
Very unique atmosphere. They make their own sausages, which are tasty. The cheese curds are very good, and the honey mustard sauce is delicious. Wife is very picky about American food and she enjoyed the Drunky Duck Sausage.
I have been staying near by on business trips, and there aren't many options in the area.  Luckily, this place is passable.  The staff is pretty friendly, and the food has been fairly good for the most part (for bar food).  Nothing really jumps out as spectacular, but I will probably keep going back.
This old school low-pro lounge has a relaxed vibe that is a welcome change from Madison's frenetic bar scene.  Oh, and they have a shuffleboard table, which is addictive, especially in the wintertime when you can't go outside anyhow.
instead of visiting so many stores how about go out and visit museums or a library so humanity will prosper instead of know what's in this season. anyways i like urban outfitters, i actually shop there but i'm just saying...
I was contacted by one of the management staff who extended an invitation to see how the store truly operates and to even talk shop if I had the time.  \nIt's refreshing to hear of  management that actually cares about their reviews and is pro active in cultivating their customer base.  I may have to stop by again.
I would reccomend going down the road to Roberto's.
Some of the he worst service I've ever had and only 3 other tables in the whole place.
Riki and John are two of the best bartenders in Vegas. The bar is loud, fun, and great drinks.
Great food and huge portions!! Awesome stuff!
I am changing my review to 5 stars. I was back in last night to buy a couple whole rainbow trout to throw on the grill. This place is the best for fresh seafood. I also think it is rad that they offer \"courtesy ice\" for customers making a long trek to shop at their store.
I have eaten in a few Indian restaurant and this is one of the best ones.  I would suggest to go during lunch.  They have a great Buffett.  Service is pretty good too.
This is a great Asian food store and they have a lot of fresh vegatables.
Should be ashamed to call themselves a veterinary practice. I'd rather let my animal die than go back.
Great food. In many Thai restaurants the food is too salty, too spicy, too much. Everything was excellent here and tasted special.\nThe spring rolls were wonderful, the soup was delicious, and Kung pau was perfect.\n\nWe will come back when in Vegas.
I am sold, US Airways staff is always nice to me. Always gets me and the bag to where ever I want to go. Is on time almost all the time. So as far as airlines go this it top notch and I like it!
I love tryst cafe! The Kaluah pulled pork sandwich was AMAZING. Their sweet potato tots are to die for. All organic and food allergy friendly! This place rocks! The service is great too!!! Very timely and nice.
I came here the other day and it was ok not great you pay a cheap price for cheap food. i would recommend an other place instead of here.
After discovering this place a little over a month ago, I've quickly become a regular - dining there probably once a week.  Atmosphere and food are great.  Servers are courteous, helpful and knowledgable.  I've enjoyed every meal thus far and look forward to going again.
Not as gay as I expected.
Service is horrible, waitresses have an attitude and it took about an hour to get a pizza and a waffle.
Have had excellent meals here but customer service is just not good. Latest was that I ordered online, drove over and they had no record of the order. While I understand accidents happen, this is not the first time this has happened and
Ordered the \"regular\" ribeye and was not disappointed.  Perfect medium rare, house veggies were cooked beautifully (I like a slight crunch).  Not cheap with the booze for their well crafted martins.
Went there & no healthy options!!! All Sugar in everything & KFC or Churches tastes better!! Tea is bitter & instead of making a better kind it is turned into a sugar syrup
I got an amazing 80min signature massage from Deanna yesterday. She was great! The spa is gorgeous as well.
Staff was very friendly, and atmosphere was fun, but the Margherita pizza (thin crust) was the worst I have ever had. Mozzarella was so thin you couldn't even taste it. Tasted like cardboard.
My dinner experiences at Edo have been very mixed of late.  The service remains generally good, but the quality of the sushi is quite variable.\n\nTheir bento lunches are a wonderful change of pace if you can't make it downtown to Red.
This was great back in the day, its lost some of it's touch...OK for a quick fix...
Burger was pretty tasteless. I expected a super juicy, greasy burger based on the name of the place. definitely not worth the price. Interesting experience *maybe* one time only.
We visit this location often and have since our daughter was a baby and now she is starting to drive..\nLove the staff and management we pass 3 other location and live 10 miles away but it does not matter!
Really close to my office and awesome for lunch. I have not tried their dinner yet but hear great things. Patio is very dog friendly which Ziggy loves and the Tune Poke appetizer is amazing! You won't regret it, fresh, delicious food served with a smile every time.
Cracked my iPhone 5 screen\nChecked Yelp and saw good reviews. They fixed my phone in less than 40 minutes. Phone looks like new and works great. I used the $10 yelp deal.
Had this for the first time the other day, must say I will be going back.
Great beer and friendly service.  Just needs a little more atmosphere.  A little dark and needs some decoration.  Old Ale Asylum location!
i went her on like an monday  night maby it was early or something it was empty it totally sucked there were a bunch of dudes in there its not cool like i thought would be o well bettluck next time im in vegas
Great Drunken Noodles!
Stopped in for breakfast and was unimpressed.  I guess I figured for such a nice hotel their buffet would be amazing.  It was your standard breakfast type spread that I could have gotten from any other casino on the strip for cheaper.  Dessert station was amazing though.
burger and fries will run about 10 bucks.\n\nthey are tastier if you do not take out. eat there!
dear studio B, you da you da best, you da you da best, the best I ever had, best I ever had!
Went there for Sunday brunch...Not good at all. Food quality was below average and service was poor.
It was ooooookkkkkaaaaayyyy....\nThe sandwiches were HUGE!!!!!!!!!!\nThere were some unexpected fries in mine...
Food is not good for you but is authentic, fresh and unique.  Flavors are awesome.  It gets crazy crowded so be prepared.
Absolutely inoffensive.
i LOVE the euro (tart) flavor with the boba pearls and fruit. it's also nice you get to try all the different flavors in little sample cups, but i still always end up getting the Euro. usually not too long of a wait even if it is crowded.
We had a good ride with some very nice people.  Well worth the drive.
This place sucks!!!!! Food is horrible and wayyyyy over priced. Fast food taste better.
Definitely not one of 'the spots' in Vegas, but the one time I randomly strolled in it was free, the music was surprisingly good, and the drinks were cheap by Vegas standards.\n\n-2 stars for the group of 14 middle-aged guys surrounding the dance floor while breathing out of their mouths.
Very friendly, professional and timely service. I was told I'd be seen at 9 o'clock and they whisked me back to the MRI tube at precisely 9. My technician was very friendly and helpful.
Went here with a group of 10 (Sept 17,  2014). Too small inside so we ate outside. Lots of interesting fish options (maple syrup batter). Fast, friendly staff.
Payard on the outside seems like it would be wonderful, however, the limited menu, overly buttery breakfast items and average baked goods can't compete with other options in the area. If you are in a pinch and in between stops, it can't hurt. Not something I would seek out again.
Bad don't waste your money Dancers are very greedy ! And are very pushy take it from a local go to hustlers for male strippers its ran by a female and very kick back atmosphere Ogs is not how it used to be very shady!
My new favorite off the strip casino. Has it all, good food, bowling, movies...
The selection was no different from any other buffet.  The food was mediocre at best.  Probably would not visit again.
Sorely disappointed. Such a shame seeing as how the top of the world used to be our favorite restaurant
Yeah, this Hertz location has it down.   Being located with the other rental car agencies makes it so easy to drop off the car and get back to the airport.   \n\nThe rental yard is covered, clean and secure.   I like this place.
Spectacular space. Fish was really good but not as over-the-top as the space.
Ok BBQ,  a bit overrated but if you don't know your bbq I can see where people might rate it high. Better than Rudy's though, and I did enjoy the root beer,but do yourself a favor and head over to Little Miss BBQ, you won't look at bbq the same.
Food was great, margaritas were excellent, and the atmosphere on the patio was amazing.  Laid back, casual, and a lot of fun.
Was really looking forward to eating here but was so disappointed. I ordered chicken Marsala and I got chicken swimming in basically soup. It was just terrible. Guess I should have stuck with the pizza.
Love these classes.  There is nothing like them.  Be prepared for a hard workout lol.
Nice brew pub, with excellent pilsner beer. The fish and chips was outstanding as was the fresh cole slaw
I got the RIbs and Mac and Cheese, very well worth it, the place was packed for lunch, we had  to sit at the bar.  Definetly recommend this place, great food.
This place has changed hands and incarnations so many times.  Currently, it's a Louisiana-inspired place.  Tasty food, but pretty pricey for lunch.  I don't think I will be going there again unless someone else is picking up the tab.
I have spent nearly a total of 7 nights and over 5 hrs with different people trying to resolve connectivity issues. Every different person suggests something else to be done including upgrading speed and purchasing diff modems. The service breaks up and is intermittent. Too bad they are the better of the rest of the providers.
Had carryout. But the food was really good! Had been wanting to come here but never got the chance and now that i went im glad i did. been wanting new taste of food for while. The restaurant has a Great Atmosphere Ben though I didn't eat there. Will def be coming back to try something new.
Breakfast is fast.  Lunch depends on line.  Not a lot of seating as it shares space with a bar.
My breakfast croissant was dry and nasty not fresh.
Lights were nice, we liked the walk with the Christmas trees. But $11 admission + $3 rides was pretty steep. I guess it was nice to see but I won't come back next year.
Had dinner at this place the evening before valentine day. No doubt the ambience is awesome but food is very expensive and horrible. You can get a better bargain at the buffet in Cesar's Palace. Avoid this place.
Meh. I wish this place was awesome because it is so close to my house. But it's the kind of greasy, MSG-laden cuisine that is often served as Chinese fare. Portions are good, but the food is just ok. It's takeout-only.
I really enjoy this location cause all the staff is pretty helpful and knowledgeable about there products! They have fantastic specials and great vitamin selection! \nI love all there bulk items that you can buy, by the ounce!
The guy in here sold me the wrong electrical adapters for South Africa. Had to buy different ones in Cape Town.  In addition, they park their stupid suitcase-laden car in the best space right in front of the store.
First time at a Sweet Addiction.  It's an ice cream sandwich that you choose the ends and the ice cream. Pretty simple concept. We walked in 30 min before close and you would think you would get bad service but the complete opposite!  Alex was super helpful. Great Ice Cream sandwich. We will be back for sure.
The best tanning salon in the valley. Always friendly and looking out for the clients best interest when it comes to tanning. Inexpensive and awesome beds.
This Starbucks is in the worst possible spot in the city. Very small parking lot, shared with other businesses. Fine if you live within walking distance. \n\nOther than that, basic Starbucks, great mixture of college crowd regulars, and long time residences.
LIZ hooks it up!!! Not crowded like some of the other beach/day clubs can be, but still a good amount of people. Prices for food/drinks aren't terrible--you're in Vegas, but hey--you expect that.
Another rate increase..great! Just what I needed a bigger cable bill.\nI am so over Cox right now but its them or satellite so I stick with them even though I hate them.\nAnd they have horrible customer service.\nOk..I vented.
Love the idea of building your own salad when your not in the mood for burger or you just want to be healthy. But the diced chicken option for the salad was dried out and tasteless.  Another draw back on the restaurant was it was way too loud!! All the hard surfaces and the open ceiling cause this problem.
Nice experience. Good price. For me, an hour is too long and 30 is too short.  Go for the 45.
Rude staff member= nasty food\nFood cold and not fresh\nNASTY NASTY NASTY
Just had a coffee and cheese Danish from here while staying at the cosmopolitan. Seriously one of the BEST cheese Danish I've ever had, however it is very pricey (but what isn't in Vegas).
I've never had a bad experience here. The staff are very friendly. The sushi and teppanyaki are respectable. Kids love the teppanyaki show, and dads will like what is at the inside/bottom of the \"special\" saki glasses ;-)  Domo arigato!
We are here to have a bite to eat the lane to sit down is about fifteen minutes.  The coffee was good and our waitress was very nice and the chicken and waffles a must-have
Average. Nothing great, nothing terrible. Food was good enough and the people were a little rude, but all in all, you get what you pay for.
The food is great, the service is too. The new menu and the tapas makes it much better. My new favorite place. The portions are big and the prices low can't ask for more. I will be coming here mucho te often
Closed for renovations.
The food quality is solid, the people are nice and they have a great selection of beer! They actually carry my favorite beer - Rogue Hazelnut Brown - which is great because not many places have it. The only downside is that the prices are a bit high - so happy hour is your friend :)
This was my second visit to this location. I received a lot of food for my money but the food is just okay... I love Mexican food and this place is just cranking it out without any real quality. The service was fine and I did not think it took long to wait for my food. I'm passing on this one.
I have gave this place two chances. First time ordered a Patty Melt, which was not on Rye bread and had American Cheese....INCORRECT! Second time I ordered Chiki Dogs, they were horrible, I couldn't even finish them.
I brought my four year old daughter in for her first salon hair cut. The salon is clean and beautifully decorated. All of the people that worked there were super nice. My daughter's hair cut turned our perfectly - wonderful job! I will definitely go back again.
Wife and I visited for the first time on Wednesday 1-22-14 around 5 PM.  Restaurant was about 75% full. The service was prompt. The wait staff was friendly and competent. The food was good and reasonable priced  (sirloin steaks).  I would try this place again.
Greek food was amazing! Wonderful service and help with exciting choices on the menu. Not elegant--authentic, affordable. Highly recommend, wish we could have returned before leaving Mesa!
Best sushi in town. Service is amazing and food is great. I would recommend this spot to a lot of people.
I have a spicy chicken mayo and pineapple baguette once a day. You'd think it would really work, but IT DOES. \nP.S. My brother says their sweet chilli chicken panini rocks his balls
I've been going here for years it's ALWAYS been excellent! I'm surprised that this place hasn't been featured on Food Network yet. \n\nI do wish they sold breadbowls. Nevertheless, I imagine that all of their breads will pair with your soup of the day.
This place has the best pizza! And there customer service is amazing! I would hands down recommend this place if you love NY pizza!
Food was very tasty, but way overpriced. This restaurant offers no table service. Order at the counter, get your silverware from a bin, and find a table. 2 Gyros & 2 Falafels (and 4 sodas) should not cost $50 but it did
Update:  The Chompies in Scottsdale sent us a gift card to apologize for our experience.  That was not necessary although we did accept and we used it last night.  We did go to the location near Chandler mall and had a wonderful meal and experience.  The hostess and wait staff were pleasant and the food was very delicious.
I feel bad giving them 2 stars, the first time I went I LOVED the bbq, so good, so tender.  Second time I went, same thing, BUT I got food poisoning!  A busy, well known place like that shouldn't have that happen.  I'm never eating there again.
I bought the Groupon and after the first class determined that I could not handle the Hot classes. They wouldn't let me give it to a friend that may have loved it.  They have other classes but not at the time I was looking for. Wasted my money.
Recent experience with LawTruck was great. Trustworthy & reliable. Always kept informed of situation and updates. Highly recommend to others.
Ok. Of u are sooo HIGH and seeking a good cheap food thi place is exactly what u need to be!! Lol!! Open 24 hours try the fish taco If you have couple of extra dollor to spend!!
The food is OK and the service is consistent -- consistently irritating. Why do servers look right at you, see you waving at them, then proceed to lazily wipe a vacant table when no one is waiting, rather than take the orders of the people who are???
I prefer this DMV over all the others ive been to in Las Vegas because of shorter wait times and the employees were just alot nicer here. Definitely using this location for now on.
I've been going to Nice Nails since 2003.  Debbie is the BEST!  I drive all the way from the other side of town just have Debbie do my nails.  I have not been able to find any other nail tech that can do the fabulous job Debbie does with pink and whites.  I have never been disappointed!!
It smells like beer, it tastes like beer, must be beer. This place is your typical Irish Pub - you know what you get. The staff is friendly and this place has been here for awhile. The food is bar food but if you're buzzin, you should be graze-in on this grub!
Excellent breakfast in Vegas. Nick the manager is very friendly. Food is great. Prices are good.
Food is so so. Probably not coming back since I just paid 10 dollars for two glasses of orange juice. Ridiculous. This isn't brunch at the Wrigley mansion.
Really good pizza and salad for the price. \n\nThey think they are fancy with their wine list.  It is not that good of a wine list and my wife had a sparkling wine served in a red wine glass...yeah.  Half of it was wasted on the pour.  Stick with beer here.
Sweet Tomatoes is the haven of all buffets. It's large and clean with helpful staff and excellent food. (Or so I've found at this location)\n\nI may go there now...
Service improved greatly! Kitchen also kept up with our table and the food came out at a decent pace/time. FOOD WAS FRESH AND WAS GOOD.
Half the time the food is great, half the time it's not.
Meh.\n\nThe space is cool enough. The drinks are pretty good (however, not cheap --a.k.a. Cafe MoMoney)\n\nService is not great. \n\nThere are better, more friendly places to go in Madison.
Ok I thought this place was good, but I just saw on the News that this place was closed down by the Southern Nevada Health District Today.  Cockroach all over the kitchen and spoiled food were found .... yukkkk guess I won't be eating here ever again
Decent Thai food.  Prices are a little on the high side for medium sized servings.  Still pretty good though.
More like 3.5 stars, but I'll round up.  The service was great.  The food was alright, not amazing, but for sure a solid choice.  I am very thankful for this oasis that was still walking distance from The Strip.  Much better value for money!
Poor service and lack luster items..nothing special about the food since everything was just basic Italian food. It's all right as a basic place to eat after jersey boys!
Very clean restaurant and the food taste so good . I loved the service here I would defiantly come again
Me and my bf comes to this Sushi Place once a week. Love the food, friendly staff especially the owner! If you're looking for a good sushi place come to this place good sushi and affordable :)
The bartender was a lady who was rude. I asked for a table by the jukebox and she said no even though there were many tables over there. It's very quite and you have to pay to hear music.
I go here for the bulk nuts... almonds, cashews, and pecans in particular. Sometimes, they have irresistible prices on fruit and veggies. There is almost never a line at checkout. Parking is convenient.
I cannot say how amazing this place is.  A definite MUST VISIT on your trip to Vegas, even if you're not all that into pinball games.
The food is okay but the beers and ambiance are the focal point. CONS: It is incredibly loud; and, food takes too long to come out. PROS: The beer is fresh and tasty; and, the church itself is gorgeous.
You just lost our business.. no longer open on Sundays is a very bad decision. Religion and business does not belong together.. seperate
Food and Wine were excellent as always will return again very soon. The veal was fantastic.
No wifi. Very small, low ceilings. Equipment is very close together.
Fantastic wraps and pizza that we all shared! \nAwesome beer selection!\nGreat service, I would defiantly come back soon.
Good professional store paid with credit card. He fixed two thing that I paid for and a third for free. I like his craftsmanship, his work is A+. Was expecting to pay twice the amount that I did. Hope you give him a try
Awful experience, contacted and spoke with the regional manager and was told she would call me back with an answer. Never received a call back. This store has MANY personnel problems.\n\nSorry JCP, I can see why your stock is tanking...
I really didn't like the cheese.  I tried 4 different types and none of them convinced me to ever go back.
Service good, food OK and prices reasonable. On of the cheaper breakfast options in LV.
The best Paneer Tikka starter ever! The breads were good, a little heavy though. Kadai Paneer was okay. Punjabi kadi was very good. \n\nAmbience and service was upscale but so are the prices.
Terrible registration service right. 25 guests and only 3 staffers. Manager was no help in speeding line
This place is 100% awful. Bad service, substandard food...  a lot to pay for lame Chinese if you're not getting it comped. Do NOT come here.
Use to be a small business fan of this place but our waitress(salene) was too busy flirting with the other customers to help us. The owner is related to her so our complaint went unresolved.  I've spent too much money there to be treated so disrespectfully.  Will never go back!
Katsu breading is perfectly made. Not burnt or undercooked like other places make Katsu. Pretty big portions and filled me up good. Had vegetable curry with tofu katsu. Curry was delicious and well prepared. Everyone that I've brought to this place has enjoyed it as much if not more than I have.
Food is nothing to brag about, in fact it is over priced. I have been in there a couple of times and always feel like we are a bother to the staff, as if we don't belong.
I just called Dr. Shoemaker's office to make an appointment and was told the next available appointment (maybe due to being a new patient, I'm not sure) would be in over three (3) months.  Is he that good?  I think not to wait over three months.
The best service, best seafood, and the best Hawaiian martini in the valley.  The Ono was prepared perfectly.  And the upside down pinnaple cake was a perfect conclusion.  Went on our anniversary and they even gave us another free dessert, took our picture, even framed it.
Would love to the review the food but we've been here an hour and consider ourselves lucky to get an iced tea. On the up side the tea isn't bad......\n\nHire more servers please
A nice independent restaurant very worthy of customer support. The fish, particularly the Walleye, and steak dishes are all good and if the duck special with Door County cherries is available I highly recommend it.  Top notch! The Very Berry Grilled Chicken Salad was also delicious.
The food is the same, but the retro experience I love is lost at this location. It's not sit and serve; it's pay, sit, serve. It's closer to a Smash Burger experience than a true JRockets :(
Good pizza love it
Nice spot if your just passing through town for a day or two.  Outdoor setting.  The Rooms were nice, but it took looking at a couple that were away from the Pool.  Big party spot. If your into meeting party animals in the desert it's the place to be.
Finally found a good ol Yakiniku place in Phoenix!! Service is quick, staff is attentive & friendly, & food is great!!
Great Gyros. Food prepared fast and good service. Also like the grape leaves. Price is a bit higher then some other places but close to home so evens out.
Was not impressed! the bun and fries were good! The beans and slaw were not very good!!! The bbq meat was ok but not anywhere near as good as Kansas City bbq. The man vs Food review was way off!!!
Mmmmm... This is a great deal and pays for itself with two visits.  The only star deduction was the LONG lines to get in.  With this deal it would be nice for a line dedicated for those of us who purchased the deal.
The food is always great.  It doesn't matter what you order, everything seems to only take 10 minutes.  I want what ever oven they are using for my own house!!  The dumplings are excellent but the dipping sauce isn't as good as I have had at similar places.  Very nice people and quick service.
Food is great!!! service is awful. After I ordered my meal the clerk asked me are u sure you don't want to order from the under 500 calorie meal.  Seriously
Continental Bistro. Awesome.
Place seriously SUCKS! Now the people serving are sooooo sweet! But the place is small and tacky, but then again we are talking about Flavor Flav here. Everything was just okay, I definitely do no want to go there again.
Took my poor sick dod there and she got misdiagnosed\nAnd she ended up passing away\n\n\n\n;( \n\nOh and over priced 40 for a post op are u joking
Beef carpacio.... awesome. . Lobster pho...WOW.... Why only 3 stars.... The service ... horrible. ..sorry to say.... But I would definitely return to see what else that kitchen can produce
Grrrr....  Went here a second time and lightning did not strike twice.  My burger was overseasoned--tasted like too much pepper.  Husband had the same, says his was fine.  \n\nDo get the fries, they are superb!
Well I didn't get sick and die, that counts for something these days!
One of the best burger joints in vegas.   All of the food I have ever eaten there has been great.  The chicken wings are huge and cooked perfectly.  I've had 4 burgers here on different occasions: cowboy, Pimental, salmon, turkey.  All were excellent. \n\n\nManagement rocks here!
They have the best Chinese food in Vegas. I came across them years ago and have been a regular ever since. Best beef n broccoli in Vegas...NY style! Great lunch combos too! One of my favorite places to eat!
Crazy good dinner\nYum yum sauce on everything!!\nFilet mignon love
Cheap gas but different prices if you are using card, outside have a lot of trash, used to be clean but not so much anymore, staff are pretty friendly. Great price if you are paying cash.
Come here if you prefer quantity over quality and style over substance.\n\nBonus star for Bjork autographed menu on display.
This place is so freaking expensive. ....why?   \nThat's why I never spend over $10.00 in this place!
very impressed! mesmerizing show that is very different from the other cirque du soleil shows. I loved the water part & especially the fire eater guy. well worth the price! I would see this one again.
Well, a disappointment. Two of us had the traditional Oaxacan tortillas w chorizo and thought they were pretty bland and uninteresting. Maybe it's just not my favorite regional cuisine.
The staff was very nice and helpful and the resteraunt was clean. The food was ok, but what can you expect from a $4 buffett?
Michelle and April are our favorite bartenders in all of Tempe Marketplace! The food is excellent and the service is outstanding. We love going here because the bartenders tend to the patrons in a friendly, outgoing manner. We love Darcy's! Great food, awesome atmosphere, wonderful staff.
I can never say enough good about this place!\nWe took friends this time who just loved it.\nWhatever we order, it tastes like pure epicurean delight.\nWe will always return here.\nJust looking forward to our next visit.\nSara H
Are you serious!!! Stop putting sugar in the gravy!!!! Cali can't do pizza!!!! Nasty!!
Five stars for fast food. Much better than Five Guys.
My husband and I stopped in yesterday and I can't believe how rude the sales people are.  I used to love this store but the customer service is awful.  They need to realize that they are the ones working on a Saturday at a mall!  Get over yourselves.     They contacted me so I added two more stars.  I will give them another chance.
Yeah the food here was excellent.   Extremely packed with fresh spices and complex flavors.  Easily the best Thai food I've had. We had the Curry Puffs, Red Chicken curry (2 of 5 heat was still nice and spicy) and the Pad Thai (chicken).  All were excellent.
The red velvet pancakes were spongy and had a sour  taste. The breakfast calzpne was mostly dough that was still raw. TERRIBLE!
Very good customer service but cafeteria level food. It was very clean unlike other bar atmospheres. Not my favorite hangout for sure /:
This is my second time here and I like it. The service was quick, delightful and considerate. They were busy for lunch and it took a while to get our rolls. The food was tasty and just enough to fill our tummies.
It was ok. Definitely better than subway or quiznos. Nothing I would go out of my way to get.
I really like this place: the food is excellent and very fresh, the restaurant is very clean and spacious, and the 3-4 people we interacted with during our dinner were friendly. Very laid back with a great bar and open feel. Excited to go back....
This used to be the best pizza in the valley.  The last two times we went we were disappointed.  The first time the pepperoni had no flaver.  This last time the italian sausage had no flavor.  The basic pizza is still good.
Best breakfast in Pittsburgh. Hands down.
Food was very good but WOW this place is LOUD when it is busy.  Concrete walls reflect all of the sound and gave me a headache.  Never had this happen at a restaurant before.
Great Vegan food. Well priced and nice staff. Very impressed.\n\nThey even have Vegan Hot Dogs \n\nIt's very clean ..I definitely recommend it.
I would have probably rated this place 3 stars or higher in the past, but the place still smells like smoke, years after the statewide no-smoking in restaurants ban.   Lunch dishes tend to be very small.  One piece of fish on a fish and chips, etc.   The wait staff is friendly and there is plenty of seating.
Love this hotel! Very kid friendly, breakfast was great and economical. Close to many restaurants and right off the freeway for easy access. Very clean and modern. Pool was clean and good size but towels very small.
First time Thursday...back again on Sunday!  Awesome flavors and friendly staff!  My Coldstone days are over!
If there was better food here this would be an easy 5 stars. Why?\n\nFREE WIFI! \n\nGot a chance to catch up on all my emails and write up my post conference notes before jumping on the plane. Which will make me sleep great tonight without stressing about work tomorrow.
Hit up some pizza after marquee.\n\nDare you to find something better after leaving marquee within 2 min.\n\nPerfect spot with great pizza.\n\nCelebrate life.
Just based on beer selection I give it a 4, they have a good variety but man is it expensive!
I wasn't impressed with their burgers, they were ok but nothing special! However, the service and atmosphere were good for families with children
Really...as easy and painless as it gets. \nEasy drive to/from the strip and they let you pull right up to your jet.\nI'll take it!
How the hell is Montreal not a huge mess of overweight gravy, cheese curd, filled French Canadians?! \n\nThe portions here are crazy (and I'm from America).
Came in from out of town needing a shave got one of the best shaves I've ever had.  The stylist was from out of town but she did a great job. Highly recommend this place
Food is fresh and well prepared. Service is friendly but do not speak English well. Atmosphere is nonexistent... Like a cafeteria. Smoke smell drifted into the room. \n\nThe view from the window seats is awesome.
Speedy and friendly service.  I love that you can see them making your order through the large windows in the drive-thru.  Fresh cut french fries are the best!!!
Wow.....as bad as it gets.... And I've been traveling for 39 years. Terrible terrible terrible
This place was great, quality over quantity is a welcome experience after trying almost every buffet in Vegas over the years lol  Service was excellent! I will make this my regular spot to eat when we go to Vegas! Seriously we were really impressed with everything we ordered.
Great area for a nice coffee shop.. it has a homie feel and the place smells great... I love how the serve u u're hot tell... love. Love, LOVE this place..
Nothing special.  Not amazing but not bad.  My girlfriend had a coupon that the manager did not want to accept because it was on her phone and not printed out.  Psh!  He did end up taking it after giving us a little grief.
If red head Melissa is working, turn around and go to another bar. Unless you are a regular you will get ignored. We sat waiting for 15+ minutes waiting for her to come by for another drink, she never came over. Thank you for turning a favorite watering hole into a place we place to never go back to.
We read in Phoenix Magazine that NOCA has incredible Lobster Rolls on Wednesday's. So we stopped by to give them a try and were not impressed. Kind of like a mayo heavy spread instead of a true chunky lobster roll. This review is limited to the rolls.
what a cute little shop!  mmmm Spanish hot chocolate with hot twisted churros that you dip in the small cup of creamy dark hot chocolate!!  I don't know who wouldn't love this place. the chocolate cheesecake was alright
This place is great.  Exactly what I expect out of a pub.  Good food great prices, fast and friendly service, by people that remember you.
Ehhhh.\n\nThey painted the bar surface (never a good move), cheapened offerings,  raised prices.  Food is so so, service hit or miss. Patio is nice,  but you likely have better choices.
I love sushi thanks to Ishi. Before it was always something I could stomach -I'm a big fan of yellow fin tuna. But I never enjoyed it.\n\nNow I CRAVE IT! \n\nThank you Ishi for showing me the way! :)
Very good ribs and chicken in big portions. Giant ice cold beers. Our waitress was excellent. I'll try to get back there next time I visit Phoenix. I hear this is the place that will cut your tie off if your wearing one, though...so wear a cheap one you're gonna toss soon, I guess.
Its pretty good for a non-Japanese owned Japanese restaurant(note i am Japanese).  I will come again. I advised them to start offering ramen and curry for lunch. We will see...
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! So happy about the location, since it is right near my campus! The white queso dip is flawless, and everything tastes super fresh and flavorful! Not only does the food taste incredible, but the staff there are very helpful, when asked about the menu! SO GOOD.
Outstanding food quality, and variety of choices, but not worth $44 per person. The $10 refillable house wine option sounds great, but with slow service I was lucky to flag down the server for 1 refill.
I really like this place because its really close to my house and all my groceries are bought from here. Literally everything
Just tried for the first time & wow check out the key lime donut! Delish!\nAlso they have linked up with my FAVORITE place  SKINNYFATS!! Their creations are simply crazy delectable ! Yum!
Love going to Peachwave! Yogurt is delicious and lots of toppings! Customer service is great. I love going and trying all the different favors!
Had classic sweet crepe and the polish tea (which is  black tea with honey and lemon piece) there. Not much seats in there, looks like about 4 or 5 table. Good place for drop by and have some drinks.
They don't give you a choice of 2-3 things to choose for your takeout plate and the plates are small so you get a small plate of one choice with a little rice box, but the food ain't too bad, just expected a little more
Best burgers in AZ......
The Banh Mi Sliders YUM!!!!!
Yummmmmmmmmm!  I cannot get enough of this place!  The kale waffle salad is our favorite!  We split that with the Californian sandwich!
Much better than I expected. I always thought he was creepy but his show changed my mind. Quite loveable actually.
Food was meh...service was decent. Torn between a 2-3...opted for two since I couldnt even finish my meal.\n\nIf youre int he area and looking for a late night bite...try mad mex's instead.
Food, excellent service... The French onion soup and Caesar salad really hit the spot. That is so exciting to eat inside, but also outside, all at the same time
Food was decent, but service is hit or miss. If your waitress has another table she wants to flirt at, you're likely not to get good service.
The food as awful and the music is sad....overall this place is a dump.
Been here a few times... couple brunches & a couple dinners...nice place to relax & enjoy... prices aren't bad, the staff are nice & friendly...
This store sucks. Bad service. You will never get a refund so do not purchase unless you are sure. \nI had a horrible experience. The lens didn't fit. Only gave me store credit and was forced to buy a new glass that I don't need. Would never go back again. Super bad service.
This is a snob joint. Completely unhappy. After a substantial bill, they accidentally delivered me a drink I didn't order. Instead of rewarding a good customer, they would rather pour it down the drain. Out of principal, will never come back
SLOOOOOOOWEST Starbucks ever! Never waited so long for a drink ever! I sat in the drive thru so long I wanted to run over the curb to get out of there!!!
flavorless, incipid, and oily.  Granted, it's a buffet, but give diners a little credit. please!
Seafood is my favorite and this restaurant doesnt disappoint..oysters were great..yellowtail was so fresh..mac and cheese and prime rib for 2..was amazing
Stayed here with my family of 5 in a really large, comfortable suite.  The staff is very accommodating  and the breakfast is huge and delicious. Walking distance to great shopping, Old Montreal and museums.
My husband and I used to work at a very well known sushi spot and after work we would go here with a his friends and coworkers. It's always been very good  and we really enjoy coming here.
Overpriced, mediocre, lack of attention to detail and quality. Would not recommend. Don't waste your money.
PetSmart kind of irritates me in general (high prices, questionable merchandise, the whole Banfield scam...) but this location goes beyond irritating. They never have what I want in stock.
Called 2 hours in advance for a pickup.  At the time they were supposed to arrive they called to say they had no cars in north Phoenix.  Fortunately I had another option - but this last minute notification was completely unacceptable.
Food is good, you get your food fast also. Great environment. Also many beers to choose from.
I ordered my meal very clearly to the cashier but they got it wrong. I didn't like the food it was dry. I won't be eating there again. The floors were dirty too.
great salon!!\nEmily Ward was my hair dresser, I did a haircut and hair color, the color is very good without chemicals. Emily was very nice and she did exactlly what I wanted.
Yuck. Slimy salmon. Warm fish. Server not too interested. $102 later we are still hungry and don't feel too good. Bummer.
One liner: The lamb grill is awesome . The service was very good
Huge T-Bone Steak for $9.99. Its was pretty good. I tried my daughters pancakes and eggs and pretty damn good too. Been here 3 times around 10am and there was no line. All I have to say is Great service and food.
I haven't had any issues with DSFU. If I could change one thing is limit of six transfers. Go over and you're hit with a fee. My Suntrust bank doesn't limit me if I do it by phone app.
Made a special trip to this place based on glowing Yelp reviews and was really disappointed.  The burger was not great--reminded me of overcooked backyard BBQ.  The onion rings were okay.  Nothing good enough to make me return.
Excellent service one morning (Sitting at the bar), Pretty good service one day and pretty bad service another. Breakfast food is decent, their french toast is pretty great. I also had their omelette which was A-OK and their club sandwich was pretty good too.
very friendly staff, i complained about how they messed up my order at the other Mcdonald, the staff replaced my order here at no charge! wow
The food is great and always tastes good. But when you have to wait 20 minutes for it is is beyond frustrating. Understaffed? Or just slow? Either way I will be avoiding this L&L from now on.
Absolutely the worst car wash I've ever had. Swindled into the detail, high pressure, long wait times. Didn't clean the tires or wheels and I had to do it myself when I got home. I wouldn't have paid $10 for the job they did. Please to do not waste your time or money.
service sucks, they mess up your order all of the time the cheese is never melted, go to dimas they are wayyyyy better .
Horrible service and food.  $14 continental breakfast with old eggs, soggy hash browns and mediocre French toast.  Way over priced.  Paris should be ashamed for even having this place in their casino.
This place is hands down the best Italian restaurant I've been to in Arizona. Food and service are top notch
Recently had the sushi here and it was pretty good. It is not the best sushi I have ever had, but for Madison it is pretty good. Cities by the ocean always have the best sushi and obviously most fresh!
We booked this based on reviews that were not accurate. Very seedy run down hotel with rude staff, no amenities and female trafficking right at the front door. Maybe okay for college guys but not for couples or families.
Use to love shopping at this location. With new Mgmt & new employees this place has gone down hill. Employees got bad attitudes & not helpful at all. Mgmt doesn't listen & employees take no pride in their work.
It would be nice if in Terminal 4 on the C gates they had more of a food selection for those of us at the mercy of Southwest Airlines.  There is just one small bar, maybe 6 bar seats and that is it.  Overpriced boring sandwiches and that is about it.
Really great sushi. I'm an avid sushi lover from LA and didn't expect to find great sushi all the way out here but it was really great and the sushi chef was extremely friendly.
Perry was fantastic , I heard that the first review is a ex employee. Anyways I called and Perry was the only person willing to help me find the remnant I needed! Quick service offered special ordering and made me an amazing deal!! Try this place first!!
Every time we eat at this restaurant, no matter how busy or not busy, it is great food.  Their pizza & wing special is awesome!!  One of our favourite places to eat.
Very cool art in the middle of a corporate park. \nMy brother in Spain saw an article about it and was surprised I had never heard of it. We went to see it and while it doesn't move and there was no water coming out, it still is super cool!
It was really really disappointing. Nothing was tasty. Several things were inedible. Definitely not worth the money spent.
Wouldn't go back.  Extremely overpriced food, which didn't even taste good.  Service was slow.  No reason to eat here.
Food and service was outstanding. Very flavorful and presentation was exceptional. Unfortunately the front end folks had an attitude because of our appearance (dress). If you can get pass that every thing else is worth the trip.  Thumbs up to the food and service. Thumbs down to the arrogant stiffs  up front.
Amazing selection of beers from around the world, friendly service, great prices.  Other than the tiny, weird parking lot, I can't think of any complaints.
Very disappointed in Holsteins.\nAte at Scarpetta and saw this cute place so came back the next day. Food order was messed up and not good at all.\nI would recommend going somewhere else. They were nice about everything but would not go back.
Food was fairly good but my fish was undercooked 4 stars for atmosphere and the dinner overall was very nice plus BYOB and corking service.
Food is good, the people who work there are great, it's just really, REALLY slow. I like it, just really have to make the time to wait for it.
Shame on you US Airways!!! Such a long story but did nothing to compensate me when I missed my connecting flight due to air traffic. Lied to me where my bags were, temporarily \"misplaced\" my bag...... never again. I will stick with United.
No where close to chipotle. Threw half my veggie Burrito away. Perhaps meat stuff or salads are better. Not going back for sure.
Check it! Oyshi is in the 'hood!  Yeah buddy couldn't wait till they opened got so tired of The Sushi and driving out to Rainbow got to be too much.  Thanks guys for opening up by the Lakes and Sumerlin.
really good NY style pizza at a reasonable price with a friendly home like atmosphere. Although I didn't eat a sandwich, the tables left and right of me ordered sandwiches and they looked both delicious and generous in portion.
I got the 50% entr\u00e9e coupon from tix4tonight but never thought the food would be so bad. The world famous chicken crispy appetizer is so bland and hard. Feels like it was fried twice or something. Would not recommend this.
In Vegas I kinda hoped it'd be all surreal and down the rabbit hole ish like the Chicago spot.\n\nBut even though it's not, it's still sooooo good! Sarah and I split the Miso Salmon and had to punch ourselves in the face it was so good!
Husband loved the Spicy Thai Tamarind and I had the Beef Pho, which was terrific. Staff was nice and stopped by to see how everything was. They guarantee food will be out within seven minutes which is great for when we bring the kids.
Everything is great but the staff! I've been there three times and every time I go the same girl is always working! Her nails are always very dirty... it is really gross.
Great place for lunch, although the buffet selection is quite small, every item is very good.
It used to be a good place to enjoy country music and an adequate amount of eye candy, not so anymore!  Every time I've walked in this joint it's thump music and queens, 95% of the patrons are very unattractive .  I'm not likely to come back.
Brian is the greatest. Professional, punctual and absolutely dedicated to detail. He cleaned my car up from 2 pounds of vomit at a price that was very reasonable. I highly recommend him.
good roast beef
The food here just isn't that good. They try to make french food, but it's way too heavy on butter and other fats, and tastes more like diner food than a french breakfast shop.
Good dudes. Came on a Sunday on short notice and took care of an AC unit with a leak and no refrigerant.  Took the time to explain the problem and the fix.
Had the chicken club wrap which was delicious. Service was top notch as usual - very attentive and anticipated my needs.
Good spot.  Food is good, service is good, and vibe is good.  Love the patio here.  Another great Sam Fox restaurant.\n\nFood: 3\nService: 4\nAmbiance: 4.5
This place is definitively open! They have 50% off their basic sushi rolls, nigiri and a few others. The sushi has good days and bad days depending on the sushi chefs. The teppanyaki is pretty good, the chefs are cool.
My shopping experience here was awesome. The salesperson was able to help recommend items and sizes. She deftly (and correctly) laced up the corset I tried on. She knew her products and store and, most importantly, made me feel welcome and comfortable.
Beat up.  Nowhere as nice as the 2 previous times i played it. If you're paying 45-55 here.......CANCEL
Everything about this hotel is perfect.  Mandarin Bar is a great example.  23 floors up. Some of the best views of the strip.  Quiet.  Romantic.  Feels like the one in \"Lost in Translation\" where Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson shared a few drinks.  Love it.\n\nIt's my favorite Vegas bar.
Uh...you lost me at $9.50 a pint.  The beers on tap are UN-exceptional as well.
Stopped in for lunch. Great for a quick, casual meal with friends. Love that I can pile on lot of veggies. That's something that you don't usually get at a restaurant aside from salad.
This place is very impressive. The food is all made in house and made with natural ingredients. You can really taste the difference! And the service was great too!
Very poor service.  The young lady at the drive through made us feel unwelcome.  When we received our food there were no napkins nor utensils in the bag.  I'd think twice about coming to this El Pollo Loco again.
Took my nice watch in for battery replacement. The hour hand was not aligned properly when they returned the watch.  They said they'd have to send it in to fix it.  Had to get it fixed at another watchmaker.
Horrible service and food. Not what Dave Thomas created or expected.
Love the food.  Very nicely prepared.  Love the atmosphere.  Very dependable.
Great food!  The food was as good as any Cuban place I've ever been to in Miami.  I recommend the Tasting Plate!
I took it there once and they fixed the screen but it didn't respond to touch, I lived all the way across town and had to take it back.
There are very few people or outfits I would trust my Brittany with--Vanessa and Sit. Stay is one of them, & I recommend them without reservation.  She cares as much as any owner and is full service and fantastic.
all the employees are incredibly helpful and friendly. Awesome soups salads and sandwiches- like panera x1000. Each entree comes with a chocolate covered strawberry. Italian sodas with flavorings! Desserts! A great little lunch spot. Love it here
UBreakIFIX did a awesome job fixing my phone.  Now I'm rocking a candy blue iphone.\n\nj
A great store for accessories and clothes.  I came across some jewelry by a local artist who uses recycled pieces like Scrabble letters.  What made it even better is that it was Hello Kitty!  I was in love!  Great prices too and always friendly people.
Tried this pizza it was ok. The crust was nice crispy & thin. But, the toppings were just the average toppings & not very generous. Service staff was friendly which is great. But, unfortunately won't be going there anymore. Too bad it's just around the corner from where I live.
Great place to revisit if you haven't been here in awhile.  Good food, service and atmosphere.  Matty burger is delicious and almost enough for 2. Definitely will be back.
Anything with El Pastor (super flavorful pork) is crazy good here! Open 24 hours is a major plus! Service is great even at 3am. I do find my self adding salt to anything with asada here
Bread is amazing, everything else is just okay fake Italian food. \n\nPortion are way too large, Id rather pay $5 less for a normal size. \n\nIf you are looking for an Americanized Italian restaurant, this is it. Dishes are equivalent to Olive Garden except you pay more here.
I just thought this restaurant was average as far as pizza is concerned.  The inside is really nice and modern but the pizza was just okay and a little overpriced. I would check out other options in the area for pizza.
Very good food. Wait for my food was slightly long for an \"express\" restaurant. Although they did say it was an unusually busy day & admitted to being behind. Hopefully staffing issue is fixed for future.
We usually road trip to San Diego several times a year and have always talked about stopping at Space Diner and today we finally did.  The employees were friendly, bathrooms very clean and the food was good!  We would stop again!
Horrible experience, bad service, sub-par food.
This place has it all. Food is delicious and their selection is well catered to. \n\nCost wise it is sufficient if u especially like seafood. \nThe Restraunt has different ethic dishes in the asajn cuisine. So when in Vegas, get off the strip and try something in the surrounding areas.
Very nice bartenders, very slow food and usually wrong.  Not a lot of options in Summerlin so we always come back...
New Menu and thevideo poker machines are hot. Live entertainment all the time.\nCheck it out soon.
Superb.  Wonderful fresh and tasty food prepared to perfection.   Went for lunch and loved it.  The atmosphere is friendly and cheerful.  Simply wonderful.
They have never done breakfast wrong
What makes this place a great place is the buy one get one free coupons.  However, the mexican food itself is average.  They appear to have a great happy hour and other great promotions which makes this place worth coming back too.\n\nLike I mentioned earlier, the food is average but not horrible.
The worst customer service ever ... Had to wait a long time for them to bring us the meat for the grill , we order $25 all u can eat menu and it wasn't worth it ..... I won't be coming back here ...
Really good food and menu. Love to go back and try some more! Happy hour menu is really great!
This place has every nut , bolt and screw you will ever need! staff is helpful and attentive!!!
Saw owner wipe the tops of the red ketchup bottles with the same rag he used to clean the table. Won't go back.
We had our company holiday party here and it was an AMAZING time!  Great atmosphere and all of the catering staff were courteous and helpful.
Saeng est toujours bon pour nous surprendre: je demande toujours un plateau de d\u00e9gustation.
The food was great! I enjoyed a chicken burrito and some awesome fries with basically everything on them. The horchata was phenomenal and filled my midnight cravings.
This is a cool neighborhood burger shop that has a topping bar and lots of cool decor items.  I like the metal tables, and the service is really attentive.  I would eat a burger here over any chain store.  Simple burgers at a good price with lots of choices and great atmosphere.  Give this place a try!
There was a bit of a wait but it was worth it once we went in to see the doctor. I would recommend this location.
Thought it was really good.  Had the chicken pita and everything was fresh and flavorful.  The warm pita was really good and the chicken was well seasoned. Enjoyed eating on the patio. Would recommend it for lunch or casual dinner.
Very nice food with good ingredients.  I tried taco and beef sandwich.  They can be rated very high.\n\nHowever, I don't think I can afford the super high price again.
Great equipment on one level and the guys playing hoops are serious!  If you are into working out this is the place!
SHADY & RUDE people who lie to and will harass you knowing you don't know whom they are calling about. BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY AS WELL!
Hit or miss.  Food's not the freshest, but it's not that bad.  Really cheap and big portions.
I've been to many mastro's and typically leave happy.  I had the bone in filet which was mediocre/good and for the price charged that just isnt acceptable.  Crab cakes were tasty but not as good as another restaurant in town that were amazing (eddie v's)!
Aaahhh, nothing much, especially for the prices.  Eaten here twice, don't anymore because the food isn't that good for the price.
Bla
Good and affordable food Denny's is known for. Clean facilities and friendly staff.  All we need. \n\nHighly recommended.
I got the pad thai with chicken for lunch and it came with about 5 pieces of chicken. The food was good but not fantastic.
Been going here for years for breakfast, lunch and dinner, great food and prices. Service is good, food is good, prices are good. The only complaint I would have to say anything about is sometimes the portions are not all that much......
1. Perfect bread\n2. Great unique Menu\n3. Super fast service with quality food.\n4. Great filling\n\nMy favorite subs are the Beach Club and CLUB LULU! \n\nTry this place you won't regret it.
Daniel is one honest guy with great customer service skills.
Ah Robertos. Your location is of no relevance, Eastern, Bermuda, or anywhere else for that matter I can always trust you to give me the bubble guts. I think I'll leave it at that. \n\nOh thanks for the free limes for my Coronas tho.
I noticed the big \"closed\" next to the name on this place. It is not closed permanently, they just close for certain seasons/ months. I believe they are currently open... Go to their website to confirm if this is a place you would like to visit...
Came here as soon as it opened and the crowds soon followed. I love the enchilada style burritos. I have tried several meats and they were all good. I enjoyed the sweet pork the most and add cilantro after the journey through the oven. Popular for lunch and the line is long at times so beware.
What a JOKE! The valet was incredibly rude to my friends and I. The interior is dated with zero ambiance. Looking for a good steakhouse? Try Tender at the Luxor.
Not the newest or greatest or cheapest. But if your in the mood for roller skating, it's there.
the greatest coolest place i discovered on my visit to phoenix! crepes or tacos with cool combinations that are italian or greek.. loved the concept and the food itself!
I got the impression that this used to be a good show that was revamped and ruined. It had its moments but they were few. Try something else in Vegas and check Yelp before you go. I wish I had.
I don't go frequently. But they are always helpful. Sometimes the Rx is a little slow but that may be due to the drive thru
My friend and I visited last week.  I ordered the $67 special bone in ribeye med rare and I have to say it lacked flavor.   I give that steak 1 star.  My friend ordered the petite filet with shrimp and it was a 5 star steak.  Service was great and ambiance amazing.
Staff are helpful and they have items the chain stores don't carry. Great store.
Horrible customer service.
I hired them this week to clean the carpets in my old and new house. They did a great job and I couldn't beat the price! Will be using them again.
Nice restaurant inside and out , bad customer service. Expect to hear the workers talk more than prepare the food.
Will make this short and sweet: overrated. Every sandwich tastes like a higher-end item at Jack in the Box or something. Luckily, price range is right around there as well so you don't really expect TOO much.
We moved from the Chicago area and this takes me right back after only 1 bite. Excellent fresh homemade sauce and fresh mozzarella our new go to pizzas place for sure!!!
Not very happy on this visit tonight. Food seemed to be cold and not very fresh. I guess the best time to go is when they open for lunch and the food is hot and fresh, plus no kids have contaminated anything yet with their dirty hands! Ew.
This place has closed permanently. Major bummer, Mill keeps hiking the rent and there are not many businesses left that can afford it.
Ten 10 Stars!!! LOVE IT!\nHow Much I Miss It!:( \nIf Your In the Tempe Area You Must Go!!! Great Delicious & Healthy Food!;) \nCan Wait To Go Back!...
Well my food was with the exception they didn't know what #12 typically it's double cheeseburger but I actually wanted the Texas Double Whopper but somehow got a cheese burger. They looker puzzled, but correct it quickly.
I really had high hope for the Groupon for 2 for 1 gel or shellac manicure. Let's just say I won't be returning.
Love the new office!  9250 N 3rd Street suite 3025. Phoenix.  602-246-9080. I noticed his old address is still on here!  I went by the new office to schedule an appointment and everyone was so friendly and helpful.
Not a bad dive bar. Nothing to write home about. Been there a few times good prices and friendly staff!
We had a great experience here! Great food, great service, overall we would highly recommend this restaurant! The fish tacos and the fajitas were to die for!
We love this place. Great donuts.  We recently was in and ordered the egg, bacon, cheese bagel breakfast sandwich. Oh my was that good.  Always a hit bringing these donuts into the kids classroom.
Hot and fresh!
Denny's is down the street. Maybe if you are tanked and made back to the hotel late night you could tolerate the food. If you are sober and have some desire to eat food with flavor beyond salt. Then muster up energy and find another place to eat.
We went and the service was slow and our food was wrong.  I won't go back.
The last time I ate here I immediately got food poisoning and was ill.  Never coming back!!!!
This church is amazing, they're open, non judgmental, kind, amazing, and supportive people. It's modern and constantly changing and growing.
Absolutely awesome food. From the attentive service, tasty drinks, fresh seafood to the butter cake for dessert, everything was really good.  Swordfish perfectly done. Salmon was delicious also. Will definitely go back. Worth the cost.
The credit card system is down  and they don't tell you until you get up to order. So than you are stuck in line to pull through.
A great neighborhood restaurant. Food and wine at their best. Friendly servers and great outdoor seating.
Awesome Gyro's. Small so perfect for lunch or take out but the food was great. Fresh Veggies and the pitas were soft and tasty. If I had a party I'd try this for catering. Its that good :)
Was just in the rug department for about 20 min. Six employees walked by us at different times and not one asked if we needed any help!
One of the best massages I've had, well worth the charge.  Melissa provided a very professional massage.  I asked for a 90 minute deep tissue massage and she delivered a wonderful massage that got the kinks, knots and stiffness out of my body.. I'll be back and would highly recommend.
I have been coming to K-Land Nails & Spa for 4 years.  They offer great service in a clean and welcoming salon.  My husband gets his nails done here too.  Jenny and Henry have a great staff.  Strangers comment on how great my nails look all the time.  You must try them out.
Absolutely love SPAGO.....AND THEY ARE THE ONLY RESTAURANT OPEN SUPER DUPER LATE!!!
Don't own a gluten free shop if your not gluten free yourself. Old guy could not answer any questions about gluten free products and any possible symptoms. The whole place is one giant freezer. Let us buy the stuff fresh and we can freeze it on our own. Uninviting atmosphere in rundown strip mall.
Excellent burger. The California.  The fries are delicious.  The staff and cashiers were really friendly too.
Came in around 6pm on a Sunday, not too busy, yet still took forever to get our order in. Water tasted funny, so we ordered 2 three dollar drinks. Ordered the BBQ burger, not too bad, but nothing special.
The service is always super friendly! Me and the husband are fans of this place because the burgers alone are so well-priced. It's a great place to have lunch with friends with a classic burger menu.
The music was great but too many drunk Asians that wouldn't stop pushing everyone! The place is super nice but I don't know if I'd go back.
Huge portion but nothing special.  We had the galbi chicken June meat combo that many people raved about.  Chicken was too sweet.  June meat is boring.  The galbi, however, was very good.
This was one of the worst places I've been to. None of the high chairs had working straps so my son kept sliding through the opening. The service was horrible. The waitress brought part of our order wrong and we had to wait forever for the bill. Never come here again!!!
Love the light rail! Now I can drink and not have to pay for a cab!
Terrible bar. If you're not a regular you get ignored. The staff is not attentive at all and when asked to order a drink looked annoyed. Don't come here unless you love bad service.
Absolutely fantastic! The decor was beautiful, the staff was exceptional, and even the breakfast good. I wanted to move in. I mean really, I wanted to move in! Sigh...
Not loving this. Service a little below average. Food unremarkable.
Another Pittsburgh mainstay that I'd recommend visiting at least once. I feel that some of the greatness of this place is wasted on me as a vegetarian, however, there's still an option or two for those out there. Further, the fries are pretty average.
Overrated! Top LV Dive Bar is not deserved. It's a wanna be that's actually pretty ordinary and boring.
For such a big store, sadly they didn't have a great selection. :)
Great food and service! !  Chopped salad is a must!   I had scallops-cooked perfect and very tasty.   My husband had the fish special which was also great.   Will definitely be back if ever in Phoenix again.
Service was A+++ Omar was a great bartender and very attentive. Place was very clean. Food selection was good, would have liked to see a few more options. The tacos that we had were tasty and the salsa selection was very good!!! See you guys again real soon!!!
I absolutely love the Venetian and all things Venetian.  The rooms here are HUGE and feels so luxurious, especially the bathrooms.  I love staying here.  I think it's definitely a steal if you can book a room through some deals featured on SlickDeals.
Prices are competitive within the South Hills area for nail salons...maybe even a little bit cheaper. They are clean and you never have to wait for a walk-in appt.
i did not see the point to this place. \nfood was eh.
Great food, excellent service, and great atmosphere. Will definitely go back when I can afford to (it's expensive).
Hair in my food. Do I need to say more?
Love their food, love their beer and the setting is worth it.  Get their appetizers and a few beers with friends, always worth it.  They are a little more pricey with their food, but we're not talking about just regular old bar food.
Great Chicken Curry. Just be careful if you get the spiciest of the spicy because they don't play around. The fresh rolls are really good to, and they're giant, in fact both portions were real big. All in all I'm a fan and am excited to try more of the menu.
Every time we come here the owner greets us... we have sake bombs and great food .... the filot minion and spicy chicken are delicious .. come early cause it gets packed !
Fun Southpark Sushi.  Eclectic menu.  Reasonably priced.  Normally pretty busy
I had a muffin and coffee, both were fine. Lots of offerings food-wise.  The place looks nice and sort of retro industrial inside.  \n\nThe wifi situation however is mediocre. Just two free hours, and the signal is weak. It's a last resort type of place for studying.
Any local spot who knows Tobin James product is alright in my book! I'm glad we were introduced to Terroir on a quiet Saturday night. The atmosphere was intimate and casual and the service was the best I've had in a while. Everything we ordered to snack on was great as well. I would recommend the Lavosh.
Ate dinner there last night.  Four hours later, I had vomiting and diarrhea.  I have been throwing up all night.\n\nI had th Ahi appetizer and trout for a main course with the corn salad as a side dish..
Food was good but service was terrible. Went with large group of 12 to celebrate a  birthday. Plan was to eat have a few drinks then take in a movie. Ending up tsking 2 hours and thats not counting the time to eat
#RELENTLESS #DREAMS would like to thank Caveman printing and embroidery for helping us out by doing our Embroidery on our hats... thank you mary and lisa.
Awesome so cooool
Love the Monk. Beer selection is always different and exciting. Great place to be adventurous and find a new beer! Food is consistently good, make sure you sit in Brandy's section, best waitress ever! Owner is friendly. Also has many healthy options!
One of my favorite go to places!  Love the black bean burger.  Had breakfast for the first there today and it was amazing too.
CLOSED\n\nEl Torito has shut its doors.....it will soon be torn down to make way for a Walgreens.  Their happy hour will be missed.
I'm changing my review the manager here does not care about the shopping carts it's always a mess in the parking lot text of all the good spaces because nobody rounds up the cards I told him about it many times they just don't give a crap.
If you're looking for a quality buffet this is not it! If you're looking for variety and quantity then this 1 might cut it. In my opinion this buffet is not worth $50? $30 max!
if i have errands in the neighborhood i always stop at scott's. a rueben or new yorker always makes me happy. since they expanded the dining room it is much easier to score a table, too.
Great variety. Quality on food is terrible.
If you are a sushi lover, this is an okay place to go to. They have all sorts of Japanese crusine. The food was at best mediocre and price is the typical Las Vegas Japanese joints.
Giving this place 1 star because the hours of operation show 10am and when I arrived the store was closed and does not open until 11am.  Bad customer experience.
A disappointment. The other reviews led me to set my expectations higher than I normally would for a buffet - bad move. This is a step above Golden Corral but not worth the price. Just go to a real restaurant.
After really enjoying Firefly, my friends and I decided to try Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba.  We were pretty disappointed... smaller portions, not as good, and higher priced than Firefly.  And it was pretty dead in there, too.  Thanks, we'll stick to Firefly.
Amazing. Loved our experience. Both Leo and Amanda were great. Read the reviews and read between the lines. If you want a four season resort, you're not going to get it here. What you do get is an an amazing boutique hotel with great service for the amount of money you are paying. We will be back...
best sushi in az
Of All the L.A. fitnesses I've been to, I like this one the best. Very open, modern and well maintained. Ever since they have closed 2 other gyms in mesa, the gym has been a bit crowded but other than that, great!
Kobe sirloin, prime rib, salmon, sea bass, bluenose, swordfish, crab legs... quite an assortment of proteins, but the dessert bar can't compare to the Wynn buffet.
Delish ! on recent trip to Vegas a friend and I came here after she raved about the scallops.  WOW such a DELISH meal. Great space, great decor, great staff & great food. You can't got wrong. Leave the strip to find this gem, well worth it
Order the G-Spot. That is all. If you like grapefruit, you'll love this.\n\nGood food, friendly staff, pretty place.\n\nA little pricey, but not out-of-hand.
I absolutely love this restaurant! They really truly care about their customers. Every time I come in I get excellent customer service and I know what I'm eating is healthy. The owner is also not far and usually makes an appearance which I love.
Fresh, chewy cookies, mashed together with ice cream of your choice for $2 is an incredible deal. So tasty.
It is what you think it is. Craps game is nice though, friendly dealers. One or two need to brush up on how to properly payout bets though....you know who you are.
Food is average - nothing great but nothing horrible either.  We ordered as \"take out\" and had chicken tenders and shrimp.  Typical bar food quality - frozen and deep fried.  If you are looking for a local place to either go to or pick up food to take home, it will suffice.
Great show full menu and bar.
My wife and I ate lunch and had much fun.  The food is solid diner fare with the high price dishes in the $7 range.  Great value!  Friendly service. Food came quickly.  This is a solid no-frills diner.  Breakfast is served all day (always a good sign).\n\nHighly recommend!!
UMMMMMMMM the worst group of food reps and company BS I have ever seen in 22 years in the restaurant business.
Always happy with my visits to Discount, well except paying hundreds of dollars on new rubber! :) always friendly and helpful!
The drive in was slow let me wait 5 min while they waited on people inside before me SLOW....
The specials and food makes up for sketchy service. The BOGO Burger on monday nights is the best deal in town!  2 for 1 drafts and wells for happy hour everyday! Well drinks are pretty weak, so I stick to beers.
I ate here for lunch yesterday, had a cheesesteak, fries and large coke, cost me around $10.   It was a GOOD meal, nothing spectacular.  While not at the top of my list, I would eat there again.
Was surprised this was rated only 3.5 stars on Yelp.  Had a great dinner last night.  Ambience and service were great, and food was very good!  Fun specialty cocktail menu and diverse wine list.  Best Asian bistro I've ever been to, and highly recommended.
Size of a closet, but the coffee is massively delicious. \n\nIf you like a delicious take away coffee whilst shopping on Princes st/George st, look no further. \n\np.s the scones look effing delicious, and are unique and
I will never eat at another Denny's again. The good: Staff was great, very friendly, and make it feel like a relaxing place to enjoy your food, but the food is the problem. Food tasted horrible, and for what they charge is just ridiculous.
I like this location. It's north central just off the 101 and Cave Creek Rd. It's easy to get in and out, and except for Christmas, it isn't ever busy.\n\nService is about typical. Lines tend to move slow.
All of the employees at my work depend on JJ's for a quick and tasty meal....and when I say quick, I mean that they literally deliver about 10 minutes after ordering! The staff are always friendly & they have yet to make a mistake with the food. NO MUSS, NO FUSS!
OK food.\nI would probally get a pizza some other time.
Skinny lil hotdog, big bun, decent amount of toppings.  Best way to describe this.  IMO I think it's better on Coney Island NYC.
Airport food.  Overpriced, soggy, not very good ham and cheese bagel.  Blech...waste of my money.
Very disappointing...extremely slow service.  Food below average.\nSea food in a bag...very poor.\nI will not be back
Good location and a popular local hangout for greasy food, cheap drinks, and nightly specials. Can easily drink all night for under $20. Foccacia bread sandwiches are their bread and butter. Not very crazy about their wings.
All the staff are awesome! Great baked goods, music on patio. The owner is so nice and I hear he's a great boss! Love Adrian , Cameron and the new girl from Alaska :)
Horrible food.  Orange chicken was over cooked, rice was undercooked, mushroom chicken was gross, like it had been sitting too long.  Service was great but food wasn't fit for a dog.  Will not go back.
Nice tv's food is mediocre at best. Their famous zipp burger was too well done. Our server was really good and the only positive. Would not recommend.
The worst airline company I have ever run in to. I will NEVER fly Frontier ever again. The flight attendants were extremely rude. I got told not to cuss for saying Darn and I'm 28 years old. I wish I could give zero stars. Shitty, shitty, shitty. Never flying again.
Chicken Benedict is amazing!
maybe the pastries are good but the service is shit, the coffee sucks and the service is shit. and its in the middle of nowhere.
This is one place that lives up to the commercials.  The steak was really good. Also the salad was fresh. Even the seafood was tasty.
Good and big wings, house made sauces and dressings.  I really do love Wild Wing, but I can't really 5 star a wing joint.  Only bad thing is service is questionable on the weekends.
Its a great strip restaurant. Being it was great service, average food, and a great atmosphere. I cant say much about anything else, the food doesnt necessarily stick out and its Over priced. For the food. Easily 5-7$ less at off strip restaurants.
We came here with a few colleges during lunch one day and I have to say I was not impressed. The service is painfully slow! other than that this is just an Irish themed sports bar with the basic menu offering and \"OK\" food. However the atmosphere is very authentic, being decorated to reflect a true Irish pub Establishment .
False advertising when they stated that they have dim sum all day. We went there about 9pm expecting to get our favorite dim sum items. Unfortunately, they have dim sum some time not all the time. They need to add the words \"on select items\".
They still play what they call music WAY TOO LOUD?  People in nearby establishments often complain to me about the volume.
We came here for a few drinks one night before heading to dinner.  My biggest complaint is that there is no smoking section, and people were smoking everywhere, we couldn't get away from it.  Other than that, the drinks were good, the service was good, the chairs were nice.  But the smoking was killing me!
This location for a 12:30pm lunch hour crowd was very fast - excellent service!  The Turkey Tom #4 wonderful with extra sprouts and lettuce.  Too bad other sandwich places don't offer sprouts.  Wonderful, fresh bun - thank you!
Corned beef hash, please marry me. You come with eggs, fruit, and a delicious biscuit. You are potatoey and oniony and wonderful. \n\nCoconut cream pie, you make my booty more bootylicious. Mmm.
It's the policy of the restaurant to put the wet naps on the plate with the food \nThat wet nap was in storage after storage where rats piss on the box and then it's put on the plate along with the food disgusting
Service was below average\n\nThe steak I had was just okay\n\nThe scallops appetizer was great\n\nThere are better places to eat in Vegas imo.
It's purely a Novelty.  It's decent coffee and the service is great.  I could see it becoming a phenomenon, though, if they expanded the coffee menu as well as start serving some pastries.
This place is awesome., The Gyoza are delicious and the Shoyu Ramen was as good as noodle soup gets.
Fries were cold and the tomatoe slices were merely laid on top. I know this is airport food but plenty of fast food places make a better cheesesteak
Love this little place! Really friendly and cozy environment, lovely home-made food, and milkshakes! I split a panini and wrap with my friend (can't remember which ones) and they were both delicious and came with nice side-salads. Service was quick and easy and they have yummy home-made desserts.
I took my two a bit difficult German shepherds in for a bath and nails and they did a great job. They also said my dogs behaved well. I'm sure they lied, but it made me feel good.
Always great service, food tastes amazing, awesome outside atmosphere. I have only been to their Scottsdale location, but have become a regular. Great prices as well! Make sure to check it out on Wed evenings for their wine specials!
This isn't the normal Firehouse Subs I go to, but I was in the area.  Service was fast--there was no one in the shop but me.\n\nThe tuna sub was as good as I get at the normal shop.  \n\nI am a fan.
I went here because of all the reviews on here but quickly turned away when I saw the giant \"C\" the health department had given them.
Great yogurt, great topping choices, very clean, and very family friendly!
This place doesn't really have anything new to offer to the downtown coffee scene. It's within a 1 min walk to at least 4 better coffee houses in the area. Staff was nice but that can also be said about the other aforementioned coffee spots. It wasn't bad, but also didn't blow my mind.
They accidentally over charged us and Refused to give us our over charged money back.  They sent us a gift card one month later. I will NEVER go back.
Swanky Wendy's --- Good stuff.
I tried one donut from their place at the town square location and when I found out that there was one located right by my house I had to stop by to try more! Well, unfortunately, I'm not the only who realize that they are closed half the time. They had no donuts out or anybody in the store! What a waste.
I got pushed here from the flamingo for a night. Even though it's free don't do it. Pay to go elsewhere.  Service was terrible. Check in was forever long and there was no expedite for total reward tiers.
Albertson's can be a bit pricey, but they have decent sales.  Good meat and produce here, and their fried chicken in the deli is really nice.  On Mondays the fried chicken is on sale.\n\nThere's nothing really special to say about them, but they are a good grocery.
Such a beautiful attraction.  I love taking photos in front of this fountain.  BEST FREE SHOW IN VEGAS!\n\nTIP: There are a few restaurants you can dine at while watching the show (this isn't free though...lol)
My experience was beyond exceptional . The service was great. I felt welcomed , and the tasting course was a beautiful artful expression of food made with class. Flavors were there and you are not leaving hungry . The plates are small but they keep them coming ! I truly enjoyed this restaurant and will be back !
The best thing I can say is the staff. Some of the kindest, warmest, people I have ever met! However for an upscale property this buffet is pitiful. Every table had sausage soup display was not indicative of a facility of ur stature. Had to hunt for sauces no sugar free desserts.
We tried the bacon, ground beef and a number of different sausages.  Everything was excellent.  The bacon in particular is the best I've found.
Simply: the best. If you visit town and you miss DCR you missed downtown, the heart of Las Vegas.
This place is full idiots!   There should be a screening at the front door only allowing certain people in.  :)    That would make it a much more enjoyable enviroment.
I got my hair done by Jennifer the salon Manager and she was so good. She took time and did a very in-depth consultation.  I got exactly what I wanted and rebooked.
Oh how sweet this place is! Serene and engaging. It it beautifully designed and restful with the many water appointments and private areas to just relax and feel peaceful. You buy much more than a room here. You buy a peaceful experience. I long to stay here again.
Terrible experience, poor service and terrible attitude. The food is substandard and the setting of the place is poorly done. Definitely not worth the money you are paying. Dirty utensils and cups.
Went back and the food is good and the pricing is decent.  Oscar is a great cook and made up for the groupon incident
Decent boba, but the tea could be better.  Coming from San Gabriel, its hard to compare this place to places such as half and half or au, but if you are in Las Vegas and reallllllly need boba, this isn't too bad of a choice.
I have one word: gross. I got sick when I went there from their chicken tenders. The only thing good on thief menu is popcorn.
Love Em' new ownership, better atmosphere!\n\nFood is always tasty!
So. The food was worth more than two stars but man was the service horrible. We waited an hour and fifteen minutes for our food. It wasn't the servers fault, she was trying. The kitchen just responded that it's busy. Not coming back anyone soon
Ordered the chicken enchilada and the chille relleno. Enchilada was good but the chille relleno was lacking \"something\" but wasn't sure what. Maybe I'm just used to the relleno in SoCal. Without the chille relleno, food was great.
Yum!  Glad it is now close to home.
Always fun to watch especially with guests visiting Vegas....
Hands down best broth I've ever had. Ktown  in LA should be ashamed.\n\nFurther more... Young coconut. So good.
Had lunch on the way back to la. Chicken tenders were super dry and my sandwich was plain Jane and chopped salad was just fine. Cafeteria food.
Kevin at G & S has been coming to our house for years. Always reliable, friendly and does an excellent job.... He is super personable while doing quality work. Would highly recommend!!!
It's a dive but I swear this is the best grilled chicken sandwich I have ever had.  We used to come here a couple times of week when I was in college.  The BBQ sauce is to die for.  And it is so cheap.
If you're coming in here for a burrito, you're better off walking that extra block and getting one at Chipotle.
Drive-thru, good, customer service, good. However, i always order one type of coffee and they never taste same. It shows me that the training is very poor.
Served eight of us for brunch and each dish looked delicious. Waffles were deadly. Cappuccino was dandy. Very excellent service. Fast and friendly. Me likey.
I love your wonderful cheese, Penn Mac!  You have an amazing variety, all my favorites.
All I have to say is D.O.C.G. pizza. Get it! Best pizza I have EVER had....I only wish I could have it every week here in Boston. Server was a little scary......but food was amazing! I will be back!
Food is OK.  Very eclectic mix of food.
Decent food. Ice cold beer. Chillin atmosphere
So very disappointed that this brand new restaurant has restrooms without a baby changing table or handicapped accessible doors. When I asked for a comment card I was told they didn't have any. I was given a business card for the manager and was told to email or call her with my comments. Wee won't be coming back.
Very good martini & we'll prepared salmon, along with the \"good ole\" salad. Resident discount makes this an easy choice.
Stop by for a quick lunch.  Service was great and the food comes out fast!  Not to mention, they have amazing Korean Mexican tacos.  Basically, Korean marinated meat inside a taco. I've been craving their tacos ever since I tried it.  This place is defiantly worth the drive!!
dude!!!!! no way never again. $12.00 for a beer!! they must be smoking some bad stuff!
Is it true that a chicken bowl only has 550 calories?
Gave me the shits. And the soup was not all that hot. maybe it was too early in the morning? i dont care. not going back. Done n done
Horrible food. My bun was hard and the onion rings tasted like old grease. They forgot my husband's french fries and of course, we didn't realize it until we were down the road. Will not return.
Best dining experience to date. Food is mind blowing in technique and flavor. Grant deserves the praise.
Two and a half stars. Very overrated IMO. The food would best be described as bland and greasy.  I was really excited when this place opened up but I've been twice now and it has been disappointing both times. Too bad.
Great breakfast. Fast and cheap, super friendly service. Lots of choices for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Great neighborhood spot for any meal. Be warned, it's cash only.
So we thought that this place would be fun and frolicky on a Light Rail opening kind of night. It was cold and boring. The martini's are stupid small and completely useless, the food was okay but not really worth a second visit. On a good note, the seating is fun, the couches recline.
Been a few times and all were a treat. The help were very nice[i guess people react to how they are treated]. 2$ Pacificos in Phoenix, Got to Love it!!\nAlso a great place to ride your bikes. Be seeing you there.
Horrible service. Amateur management. Mediocre, overpriced food... I'll never go back again.
Great cocktail bar. Underground atmosphere is really nice and the staff are super friendly. Love the selection of cocktails but they are definitely on the sweet side so be warned of a sugar rush!
This is our go to Chinese food. The sizes are big and the prices are really good. It tastes very fresh. I usually get either the cashew chicken or the general tso's chicken. This place is great for families because they also have family meals.
Decent food.  Dirty, needs a facelift but the service is very good and the prices are very competitive.
I'm a fan of this place. And if you like Cheese, order the Nacho's.
Reasonable Mexican food at rock-bottom prices. Great cocktails too. I went with a large group of people on a hot day and it was a little uncomfortable in the small dining area - most people had to go outside at some point for air. Other than that we all had a nice meal and were impressed by the service.
Awesome pizza! Music was so cool too! Great for all ages! He accepts requests to plus birthday announcements!  Accepts only $ or checks!
Food is fresh, fast and GOOD! I love the Asiago Chicken and the Spin N  Chicken. There is a special I love too... I think its the Angry Chicken or something- All I know is that it has Jalapenos. I might need to go for lunch now!
I hate that this gas station has different prices for debit/credit card users than cash users. it's false advertising to list the cash price on the big sign out front! go two blocks east on thomas and you will find gas for $.20/gallon cheaper
My family and I love this place! The food is delicious and reasonably priced.
They were playing a Radio station and they make my \"Play List\" because Lady Ga Ga was on!  This is a good Thrift Store - I love Thrift, so I am definitely, defiantly and definitively a fan!  This store is large, clean and well organized!
Service here is below par. Food is always good but the customer service really needs A LOT of work. Seems like they will just hire any Joe Blow off the street. Other than that, it's your typical jimmy johns with good tasting subs
Fish tacos=frozen fish fillet whole not even cut up on a corn tortilla with a pound of lettuce.  No refund no can we get you something else.  2 stars for the chix tacos are good.
A motel that has been revamped to a hotel. As nice as the interior of the rooms were, I feel everything else has been overlooked. As a temporary stay for the occasional visitor, I could stay here again.. but I wouldn't. I would spend just a little more, and stay a little nicer.
The only thing was good about this place was the (mature) cashier very nice. The fried soft shell crab and the combo shrimp and catfish  with fries was nasty.I know you're saying how can fried food be nasty??? I wish i could tell you,but it was.
Lose all your $$ at the casino and need a cheap, but good, meal?  This is my Vegas destination for Pho.  Quick service and the place is big enough for alot of customers. They're open late and get alot of locals in the latter part of the night, which tells me this is a good spot for Vietnamese.
First rate. Stable Bar Tap is casual fun with good food. Take the underground tunnel to the \"House\" for more serious upscale dinning. Quivey's is a wonderful experience.
Chad offered to refund the fee, but I'd have to join his CC which does not make sense at all.  I live in CA, and I'm only in LV for a couple of days.  The rating stays and again this is more as a warning for tourists like me.
It took a while to try Viva Chicken and we are glad that we finally did.  We could smell the aroma of the chicken cooking on the rotisserie as we approached the restaurant.  Nice casual decor and a great value for our dining dollar.  Another good option in a widening array of ethnic restaurants in the Charlotte area.
Go.  Have steak. Be happy!  Best steak ever!  Duck fat fries are divine.
Simply AWFUL!!  It smells like a gym & the Beef & Broccoli was disgraceful.  Also, If you enjoy Lo Mein without a hint of flavor, then this is the place for you.  I want my money back!!
Fast, friendly, great service, clean, and the food was all right! It was what I expected. If I need a quick bite to eat, I will definitely come back here.
Amazing guacamole!  But the service is kind of meh and the entrees are so-so.  For drinks and apps I'd give it a 4 but for an actual meal, especially one where you want more than one glass of water or iced tea, I think a 2 is about right.
I don't give anyone a 5, but this was to die for. Scrumptous. The service was impeccible. Lovely, lovely time. Thank you !
This was my first experience at a Caprio this and I must say it was a great one. I got their famous Bobby sandwich which is just like a thanksgiving dinner if you've never heard of it. It's reasonably priced for how good the sandwiches are.
Good for a drink. Food was horrible but the waiter was fast so I was able to get in and out fast.
I ordered Dante burger and parmesan fries. For a joint called \"I love Burgers\" I felt that the name of the place spoke more than the burger ever could. Bobby's Burger Palace definitely has a better blue cheese burger than here.
They have made my worst New Year's Eve experience by serving up some spoiled meat tacos (carnitas and chorizo, I had one of each). Afterwards I had to spend the whole night with food poisoning when I only had two tacos quickly to go. Stay away!
I was so excited when I called in with an emergency color touch up. The girls where great and they got me right in they also listened to my need of being on a time crunch. My color looks great and feels good to. Will be going back
this place was amazing and the service was outstanding!
Love this place. They have some mighty good tacos. Everything tastes really fresh.
The gel wasn't thick enough and the lady didn't make the coating even, especially my tips. At my tips the gel is so thin that I can see through it. Also on the same day after a few hours my the gel on one of my fingers chipped. Sorry I am not coming back.
The food is always delicious and not to mention those to die for pazookies! But, this time my service was extremely slow. Our waitress didnt have very many tables but yet never had enough time to see how we were doing on our meal. I come for the food, not for the service!
new remodel did them good.\n\nRooms smelled of smoke, even though it was non-smoking.  (room 1789)\n\nstaff were great though and the location is really good especially if you have a car.  Easy in/out of the strip area
Nothing really special. Its a college bar in a college town. The typical bar food, but fries come free with any sandwich on Sundays I think. I find it odd that your order from a window, and your number is called. I mean the place isn't exactly set up like Panera. Nevertheless, I was okay with my fish sandwich.
Cheap good fast and 24hrs at plane hollywood. Only a four star because some of the staff were just rude mofos. Besides that food is one of the cheapest on the strip. Good to eat when drunk!
Terrible! Worse buffet I have ever been too. would not go back. Very disappointing. Most of the food choices were empty trays, no one spoke english, just an awful place.
Pizzadelic had pretty good pizza. I wouldn't say that it was amazing, but it was tasteful enough. This was one of their specialty pizzas.
Ok, so I wrote my review yesterday and I am writing my update from my phone because I have no internet. In the last two hours my internet dropped 4 times and the TV lost connection 3 times. You get centurylink prism and you will be paying for intermittent service.
The interior is phenomenal and the music was great! Get there earlier if you want your conversation to be heard better but still a great place to kickback with friends.
It's a pretty decent airport with 2 floors, easy to get to with frequent bus services through it\n\nNo real complaint other than the lack of free wifi but other than that, it is all good.
I liked the one across town on the west side, but the one at GVR seemed dirty and gross when we ate there. the food was not very good compared to the other one, i will ate GVR cafe any day over this place.
Great food! Great prices! Great service!  We have gone to Vincent's next door several times but it is very expensive.  But the Market Bistro is very affordable and still has a nice ambiance and awesome food.\nThey always serve croissants and a dessert!
Worst manicure of my life. Rushed and completely dry. The technician totally botched my cuticles to the point where I told her to stop in the middle of the manicure. I will have to go to a different salon to have them salvaged. Ugh. Never again.
Great service. We had 15 mins... They got us in and out. Food not bad, ordered the chopped salad and a turkey sandwich. Will definitely be back.
Really good custard. Nice place.
I am not ok with a bar asking women to get off of their seat to make room for more people. Customer service is not priority here.
It was okay....nothing to write home about. I went on my lunch break and ordered the Philly cheese steak sandwich which lacked flavor.
yum scrum! i am a fan.\n\ni get two chicken skewers and a veggie skewer. seriously so bomb diggity. and the lunch prices are right up my alley at around $8. \n\nthe soda fountain is fun too
Great Food and Friendly Service and for a good cause!
... and now it's appropriately closed.
I've only been a few times for lunch and the food has been good but the service was a little slow or inattentive at times making it hard to get in and out in under an hour.\n\nThe Crying Tiger is well worth a try.  The chili lime sauce is fantastic.
Love love this place!!\nThe food is amazing the music is energetic.  \nLove the DJ roger.  \nAnd the best waiter ever Cesar Chaves
Having a small dogs it's comforting to know they can be off the leash with other small dogs in an open cage area. :)
Dr. John Quinn is AMAZING! Great dentist, great personality and great office staff. In all my 50+ years, I've never had such competent and caring dental care. The best ever!
Pretty good area! Low limits and players are friendly and not too cut throat. Just know the basic strategies and being able to pick up on play styles and you will have a good time.\n\nI prefer playing blackjack in all honesty but this is still a nice place for a change of pace.
I don't know what the hype is about - I tried the Fetalicious pizza, and while it was *good* and I *enjoy feta cheese very much* I did not have dreams of  nor cravings for this pizza. Perhaps if I'd had it with thin crust instead...
Yuck!! We go often and this time was the worst.  The service was aweful and I had my 7 year olds free birthday coupon.  It was a Sunday and when I tried to use it they informed me they only use them Mon-Thurs.  but that is not written on the coupon.  The waitress was so rude!!
Clothes are expensive and many dirty. Little selection for 2-3 year olds.  Low consignment for people who want to bring their baby stuff for extra money.   Really really slow service reps.   Make sure you have time.  Good toy and baby accessories selection.
There's more than everything you ever needed in here. You can pretty much each food from any country for lunch and then go have a drink at the ball. What else do you need in life?
it's like 7-11 meets whole foods, love this place..
So glad to have Viva Chicken in Ballantyne. Food is fresh, service was great. Unique favors, sandwiches and plates and very reasonably priced.
Tasty dessert place at the Venetian.  Has coffee, tea, waffle sundaes, and several other delightful treats.  Their teas are my favorite, even though I'm more of a coffee person.  You definitely should try their vanilla tea.  So so good and unhealthy... but satisfying!
I took my husband to Roy's in Summerlin on Father's day.  The food at this restaurant was excellent. It was tasty and appealed to every taste buds of your being.  Excellent food and excellent service.  It is somewhat pricey but worth if for a great occassion.
I didn't like our room. We stayed in the \"newer\" area but the furniture and interior were just... dull... nothing resembling Caesars. It felt like I was staying at a Best Western. \n\nThe buffet here was good though... that's about it.
Food was allright but not sure of it was worth the price. The service was pore. Don't see any reason to ever return.
Good place with decent drink prices.  Wish they were open a little earlier...
What a nice little place for a pedicure!  I haven't had one in ages, but saw a review of this place elsewhere and thought I'd give it a shot.  I was pleasantly surprised with the service, cleanliness and technicians.  Very reasonable price for a refloxology pedicure..only $21 !!
So I finally got someone to make a correction and they refunded my credit card. However, they still refunded the wrong amount. I am in sheer disbelief! They are still overcharging me by $30 from my quoted price. Well here we go again with trying to get in contact with someone.
I would've given 5 stars if they carried Duck Commander Duck Calls in store.  What can I say about BPS?  If you're an outdoors person, this is your one shop stop shopping experience.  They have everything you want and could ever need.  Yeah, a little pricey, but it's convenient!!
This place is awesome.  The drinks are great and the bartender is really cool.  He even made us an experimental drink...a must go in Vegas
This place is terrible - told me $20 ended Up paying $60 & didn't even like em\nNever again
Only open a couple of months. closed
Rebuilt after being bought from Joe Miller 2 years ago. Great stickie buns and good live music - piano bar, and fantastic views of Camelback Mountain, Mummy Mountain and the Praying Monk!\nFresh Fish and great Steaks!
Closed!    Much of the center is vacant except for Ranch 99 and a couple of small shops .   Very sad
Rude staff, run down interior, not the safest place in town.
Nice people and great local business!
Food is good and service is good. But I freeze every time I'm here. I ask for a seat on a warmer area, but it is cold everywhere. You really need to bring a jacket or sweater even in July.
The sushi is not good, the only thing good is the happy hour prices.  Service is OK, not stellar.  You have to hope that your waiter/waitress doesn't have friends at the bar or is friends with the hostess or you'll never see him/her.
I always get the homemade turkey sandwich with peppers.  Peppers are the business!  The peppers make your mouth burns a lil but then again I don't handle spiciness well.
Always on the lookout for a great apple fritter.  Found it at Pink Box.  Light and not greasy.  They also have blueberry fritters.
Had two tacos and both were delicious.  Salsa was excellent too.  Very good place at a very good price!
Whether it is a burrito, taco or nachos everything served at Joyride is delicious and is made with the highest quality ingredients. Did I mention it is at an affordable price as well? It's been a 5 star experience all three times I've been here.
This is a cool hangout spot if you're looking for a casual meal. I had the original style pizza muffins which were just okay, though they're what this place is known for. My calzone was a bit dry. Food is decent but not spectacular.
The store really drops the ball. Balsamic vinegar makes the sandwiches and this store carries none. The sandwiches are mediocre without the schlotzkys sauces and since this store does not stock them it should be avoided.
Mussels French fries apple tart tatin chicken or steak sandwich, escargot, French onion soup, n bread are all good. Avg food is hamburger, seafood crepe (premade not fresh crepe).
This was a decent place to get some food in your stomach late at night after a long day of drinking and gambling. Got a hawaiian pizza which was ok for $14 I guess. Besides that... nothing special.
The guy who took my order was nice but when he made a mistake on my order (after asking my specifications), the guy had the nerve to say/ask, \"what do you want me to do about it?\" Common sense says u don't talk to your customers like that seeing how  it was your error.
The absolute best burger, $7.00 on happy hour.... I would order it if it wasn't happy hour!
This brewery was nice and cozy...oh, and their beers were pretty tasty too!.  Their brewing facility did look really cool and bartender Mia and their head brewer were both very friendly and extremely knowledgeable about their stock.  Their beers frequently change which is great for those who like trying new things!
Friendliest waiter I've had in a while.  Mom is in the back cooking and has been cooking for her different restaurants for 20+ years.   \n\nPho was even complimented by my picky 8 & 12 year olds.  LARGE servings of pho and also noodle dishes.
Outstanding food.  So popular the wait can annoy, but if your timing is right, a 5 star place!
Great value, great room. Close to the park. Baby ducks and cool wildlife. This is our second visit to this hotel, we love the jaccuzi in the room so we can totally relax.super friendly front desk. Dog friendly, 25/dog up to two dogs.
Good fattoush and Greek salads. Fresh fries and yummy hummus. Did not like the chicken swarma sandwich- dressing didn't have any taste. Service was good but there really wasn't anyone in there. There is a groupon online if you want to check it out.
Had breakfast there. Simple yet delicious! Very nice atmosphere, prompt service! Great place!
Two more recent visits, post morning mountain runs :) delicioso!\nLovely crepes for the whole bunch ! \n\nMany \"Thank you!\" 's from our little ASU bunch -- ciao :)
The 3 meat pizza was excellent, the honey dipped pretzels would probably be better if I wasn't completely stuffed! And if you get and Arnold Palmer with the green tea its actually really good. And I'm not a green tea fan at all.\n\nOh yea, free WIFI too!!!
This is a family-run business.  The members of the family are charming people.  Stop in and try them out!
If you want the entire spectrum from prime steak to macrobiotic salad this is the only serious choice in Pittsburgh...  Top quality ingredients, organic, sustainable, delicious!! The peach Old Fashioned is amazing!! Do it!!
LOVE this place! Went in their tonight to show my boyfriend the store, Heather was very nice and helpful! Great idea for Christmas gifts for friends and family.
The gym equipment is okay! I use this ONLY because its the closest one to work for me!! Guest service here is terrible it seems they are wrapped up in their own dilemmas and put you off till someone has time....I have been a member for 9 years and i prefer other locations.
My favorite ice cream stop. All the classics made a little better with things like mint bits in the mint chocolate chip.
\"Meh. I've experienced better. \"
Best university in the states.  That's right, CMU is better than MIT.\n\nIgnore the CMU haters, those people won't/wouldn't be happy anywhere.
My family and I love Red Lobster, We go on date nights here about once a month.  Always ask for Sara she is the Best Waitress and always remembers what we had the last time we where in.  She is So Awesome!
Great place for bagels, but customer service could use some work. They always seem unhappy.
This place is the bomb...Good music, wierd people and punk music - Pool tables and Jager shots - More more could we ask for? Plus I got drunk in there and they found my wallet and actually kept it behind the bar - Cheers Stray Cats
It's nice to have kids build a bear. Unique and kids seem to love it . Expensive! We are going to do it one more time for our kid , that's it!
Friendly and clean.  Went for the half price pho.  The Pho was good but could use bigger pieces of meat and more of it. The meat was cut so thin you could see thru it. And you can not possibly call a tissue paper meat rare.  had the BBQ Rib spring rolls and they were very good.
Came to watch Hockey and have a couple drinks....no sound and was told they don't turn it up. It disturbs the gamers. Why bother having the TV's. won't be back
BEST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!!\n\nIncredible beer.  I follow the brewers on Instagram.. They use all locally sourced ingredients when ever possible..\n\nKeep up the GREAT WORK!
Food always arrives fast, tables are clean. The only complaint and this may sound silly, but their napkins are so light that when you pick up the food tray and walk to your table, the napkins start flying all over the place. This has happened to me every time.
A nice little find in Surrpise!  Nice dining room and some cozy outdoor seating.  Service was great and the food delish.  We shared the Saigon fried rice and the shaken beef. I'm sad we have waited this long to try it!  We will be going back...a lot!
good food, good service but overly social roaches ruined our dining experience.  My wife had to leave after seeing one and I also lost my appetite after seeing a 2nd and 3rd climbing up the walls and across the floor.  Exterminator recommended.
Our server was uninterested and just not pleasant. I had a buddy from the UK come with me and I was embarrassed by how bad the service was. Inaccurate signage, several wines were not even available and less than stellar wait staff...we won't be back.
Ok mod con shops, the place could do with some pazaaz, a better food court and an injection of love.
Used to be one of our favorites.  Waiter on our last visit was not as accommodating as our waiters in the past.  Typically we have the staff suggest and bring dishes.  We just we not wowed on our last visit.
Got 2 sandwiches and a crepe with berries.  They were good.  Compare to all the other restaurants I've tried at Caesars, this is at least descent and a safer bet.  Love the mocha frappuccino.  It was not crazy sweet like the Starbucks.
Good food in excellent portions. Staff is very friendly. Have been there 3 times now. The mole sauce is to die for!
I don't usually go to buffet but my sister took us there. Great selection and very good. Except for desserts: they looked good but but the taste is just OK.
I've decided where I stand with Emmert Dental. They are unprofessional, rude and have no clue what they're doing (behind the desk). I will not be going back nor will I have nice things to say about them.
Great desserts! Water was very tasty. The sushi was probably the worst I've ever had. Rest of the food was really good, especially the salads!! Great assortment! Our server Will was awesome.
Near Harkins.   A good stop after a movie.  Very small.  Two tables outside.  Inside standing room only.
So so, bar food.
Best burger spot around the area. Great service,  tasty burgers, and the prices aren't bad
Horrible food , horrible service .\nDon't even think of going there.\nOVERRATED.
I have been to many cheesecake factories but this one was very disappointing. The way the hostess keeps track of customers and the random order of being seated was rude. The only thing I liked was their new skinnylicious menu and our waiter. Recommend skipping this location.
i have been here 10+ times over the last 3 yrs normally the food is decent im part of the lunch crowd so i cant speak for dinner but my sesame chicken lunch special yesterday was mediocre half of the chicken pieces were so over cooked the were hard and dry some of the other pieces were better but not perfect ,service was good
Get here early for lunch...they get filled up. Sandwiches are great as is the soup.  I have moved from Charlotte, but I have never found an egg salad that competes.
Classic fast food restaurant in Las Vegas for decades.  It has survived for several reasons.  More of a 4.5, than a 5.  The Clucker and Gobbler are their signature items in my opinion\n(My favorite the Clucker).  However, there are other various good menu items.
A-OK quick pizza! Fast casual restaurant where you can add toppings and they cook the personal pizza right there.
good time good deal
Absolutely amazing experience for me. I saw Tiffany, who did a fantastic job cleaning up my hair.  Not only was the haircut great, the ambience and the space was relaxing, friendly and professional
Horrible customer service. Employees always seem extremely unhappy to be here.\n\nFood is not worth the price. Tastes like hospital cafeteria food. \n\nDon't waste your time. Wild Flower is in the same complex and it's a better version of this place.
BEST coffee house in house in Mesa.  Ethiopian blend great.  Organic wraps good. Friendly owner and staff.  Ty I will have another cup o coffee.
These pretzels are a guilty pleasure once in awhile when I go to the mall-- yum!  Their lemonade is pretty disappointing though. Way too tart!
Amazing!! Love the whole shebang sauce on the shrimp and the king crab. Cajun fries also a must.
Tough to find. It's off the street, down an alley/walkway. Can't comment on the food because they were closed for the week.
This place is an example of why Vegas is shit. You can buy a burger or a hooker for the same price.\n\nNext time... I'm going for a hooker instead.
Been here twice in the past 2 weeks! Great flavors and good variety of toppings.  The young adults working here are all super friendly and keep the place spotless!! Will go back often!!!!
I was kicked out of Zipps last Saturday because I did not want my hamburger split, and I was talking to other customers. Really. \n\nHere's an entire article about it that I wrote in my email newsletter.\nhttp://goo.gl/Zs23P
Wait was forever. Staff wasn't very friendly either. Round trip was $12, i think that's average, but I would have just taken a cab if I knew it was gonna be such a long wait
greeter which is basically security was the coolest dude there, they have hardly any wireless routers and when you ask somebody a question they are always in a hurry to get away from you to go on break i would not return to this location at all
Only reason why we tried this place, because we were in the area. Place is not to bad, I've had better especially in Cali. I am searching for that spot in Arizona still! Haven't found it yet. Girls like their salads, Pizza was good, enjoyed their garlic knots! I would and will come back again.
The food was good ...the price is okay to me because back i would have got this for a lot less but for where am at it's good and much better than the state fair food.....and there open late that's a super plus ...just think there a bit rude that's all
my boyfriend and i went to check out this place.  it was nice and new as what you could expect in a new bar. but the service and the food is not good at all. i tried their sisig it was blunt, on top of that it took forever. the restroom didnt have toilet paper and toilet seat cover.
We just ate at Manny's  for the first time  and it was wonderful.  Had the Carna Asada Burro. It was delicious and a spinach enchiladas with Baja sauce and they were also very good. We will definitely be back.
steven gave me a new set the other day, they came out great :) I will return.
Why would you print doors open at 7pm and here we are waiting at 820 to get in. Another sucky arrogant waste of a time Scottsdale shithole. I won't be spending money on drinks here. Give me a tap water. You don't deserve a dime from anyone
The thing about Roberto's is that they are all different. It's not like McD's where a Big-Mac is a Big-Mac wherever you are...\n\nThis Roberto's is OK for this side of town.
I used Knight Sounds for my Dj and videography. The Dj basically followed the packet and was good. The video was a little late but I was pleased with the final product.
Great place. Very good spicy Indian food. We used the groupon so we had to go with ala-cart. Bombay fish is good. Very good service. Prompt and quick. We ordered keema lamb minced naan. Very unique but well done. the buffet also looked very good. Highly recommended.
waited an hour for baked chicken and lasagna dinners. Chicken was RAW, service was atrocious. Bartender served shots to two very drunken patrons that were next to us. Won't be going back here anytime soon, if ever!
We loved it here. The meatballs were so good. The garlic bread was delish and the cappuccino was to die for.
I will most definitely NEVER eat here simply based on the fact how incredibly rude the owners are. I am not sure if ownership changed, but these two individuals are absolutely Appalling.
What a great place!  We loved our pimento cheese dip appetizer.  My shrimp and grits was fabulous!  But perhaps best of all, was my banana pudding.
Terrible...
Tequila is expensive but good food!
Too expensive for a haircut.  Shoe shine?  I am wearing flip flops.  Everyone wanted tips.
Went here with a group for the 2014 Fall Arizona Restaurant Week. I started with the Sangria - which was unique and delicious. The I had the Louisiana Boudin Fritters, the Idaho Rainbow Trout with an awesome sauce, and the Butterscotch Budino with Salted Caramel for desert. Everything was amazingly good!
The food was average at best, but the service is so irritating. They ignore you forever and then when you finally get their attention they seem to think you want to wait even longer. How about prompt and efficient service from the start ?
They were rude and I did NOT appreciate it. I'm now going out of my way to another Subway to avoid that kind of customer service. Step it up!!\n\nThe only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one is because they were quick and got my order the way I wanted it.
We went to Captain Bill's for Easter brunch. Brunch was so-so. Unfortunately I got food poisoning. Think it was the shrimp. Not going back!
The casino was smokier than I expected for Caesars Palace. Seriously, I had to leave after 15 minutes, you would have thought we were at Gold Nugget. My eyes turned red. Seemed a little cramped on the casino floor.  A show got out and the flood of people took all the breathing room out of the walkway.
Great food until 2 am. Really healthy (and other) options in Vegas basically when you want them is pretty impressive. Everything I tried was great (salads, juices, wraps), and this is my second trip back. Worth a regular trip even when I'm in town as a tourist for late-night munchies.
Not bad food. But not great either.
Bunz so tasty, make you wanna slap your GF!!!
Did not enjoy this place at all.  Wine was severed in water glasses.   Appetizers and main course had no flavor(how do you mess up pasta).  Food was cold. They warmed up food and it just dried out the meal.  Very disappointing.
Went to get the giant eiffel tower drinks after midnight and ALL the machines were shut down. Typically I wouldn't complain, but this is Vegas they should at least have one machine working. Instead we spent 24 bucks on watered down drinks....
This place is amazing for all your asian bakery needs.  My faves are Char Siu Bau (BBQ Pork) and Coconut buns!  Lineups can be long and people are buzzing like bees in here so be patient!  at around $1 a bun it's great value!!!
Really Good Vietnamese food! Good Service. I always order the same. Pho Soup, egg noddle, seafood style.
Herbal salad and soft shell crab are tasty. The pad thai was very...wet?! It's such a basic dish, I'm surprised they could mess this up. Service is so slow I wanted to leave. Will not try again.
WooHoo! This place is a must when in LV!!  Food is awesome and affordable for LV. Great place to have a few drinks and enjoy some Great food with friends, Everytime we've gone to Vegas.... Firefly is definitely on the list of places to go. \n\nLove this place
Everyone complaining about the long wait and expensive prices.. the burgers are all made to order and fresh! I thought their burgers where so tasty and worth the price and the wait. Wish they had one of these burger places at home in dublin :)
Absolutely awful.  It took forever to get our food. There lots of employees standing around. The table was dirty. The salsa bar was a complete mess and looked filthy.  It creeped me out.
Like the store,  so much to gear up for outdoor adventures.  However,  I hate the lack of parking.  It's great they have a membership,  but they have not sent my checks multiple times.  If they can see it in the computer,  why not offer it as in store credit?
Totally underwhelming compared to other Cirque shows. I'm not sure how to explain my disappointment, just that the music and acoustics were the only highlight for me. Too many people running around the stage that you can't focus on one thing. I will stick to \"O\" and Mystere.
Came in on quiet night before the holidays, we were the only ones ordering food. Suffice to say service was slow, meals were either overcooked or served cold, screwed up pizza order. Guests from out of town were not happy with anything that transpired
The service here was excellent!  I was given very full portions and the service was very fast and friendly.  The food was pretty good and the price was reasonable.  Ofelia helped me and was very helpful and accomodating and fixed any issues that I had immediately.
one of the nicest view rooms ive stayed at nothing to go crazy over but liked how it was located right at the miricle mile shops
The food wasn't so good for being Chinese food and i know what great Chinese food taste like.
Buffet doesn't look like it will be tasty- but all of it is very good. Plus the Garlic Nan bread is the bomb
Really great place to eat and drink. we have been in 4-5 times since they have opened. \nService was a little spotty the first time we were in but it has improved every time we go back.
The wife and I really enjoyed our dining experience here.  Everything was very good from the service to atmosphere, drink, appetizers and entrees.  We opted for just sushi as the appetizer which was pretty decent.  Portions are quite big and this would be a cool place for larger groups too.
Cobb salad lovers go elsewhere!  Can't find the right combination of words to tersely describe how disappointing it was.  It fails on too many points.  Good thing I ordered fries or else 1 star.
Amazing coffee served to you by miserable people.
I love the food here.  It's so light and simple!!  Try #14 or #37.  I'm not a big fan of curry but this was amazing!
Adobo fried rice omelette..nuff said...really though, they have Filipino and Japanese dishes and we always have to start here when we visit the LV...YOu must try if you're in the area...
Called for a cab after a few drinks. I called them back 3times every time they said the driver was 10mins away and they never showed up
They screwed up my order at 4:50am on multiple accounts. Cheeseless cheeseburgers, fudgeless fudge shakes and cold fries. Not cool.
Charging customers for decaf coffee or requesting to have same type of ice cream on your Profiteroles is a bad practice to keep faithful clientele.
The food was delicious I had the California Omelette I highly recommend it! The staff is very nice and attentive will definitely come back.
Employee brought out bathroom cleaning supplies with toilet brush-placed in visible sink washed hands and asked me what I would like to order.  I said nothing and walked out.  Called manager over 6 weeks ago to discuss the idea of bringing toilet brushes in the food area and I haven't heard back from them.
Had a lot of fat on my ribs and chicken. Everything needed salt. Except loaded mash that was overly seasoned. Gave me the runs not too long after.
Sushi was average. I ate at the bar & the service was poor..very rushed; non attentive..had 2 ask for utensils 3x to 3 different staff, had to ask for soy dish..and no meal follow-up.
Good food.  Very open environment.  Great service.  Worth trying out.\nHappy hour specials look great.  Might have to go back for that.\n\nrecommend the mac/cheese and church pots.
parking is ,meter street, garage or paid lot.  French Fries are really good and decent sandwiches. Good place to go when you're downtown.
This is where I am going from now on to get tires. It was fast cheap and the service was good. Plus they have a great deal on covering your tires. Way better than big o tires
The design and layout of the food was very nice.  With that being said, there weren't a whole lot of options considering how much we paid to get in.  They have some of the cheesiest mac and cheese I have ever had, but other than that it was just OK.  I would rather spend my money on a different restaurant.
Food was very good.  Service was super slow.  Very very slow..  I think they had to grow the food
I had my nails done by Elan. I showed her a picture of what I wanted and it was replicated almost perfectly. She pays great attention to detail and takes her time. Even though I walked in quite late, the shop was still busy and the techs did not seem bothered by staying past closing time. I will be coming back again.
WOW! Smoked steak tartar, filet, service, the whole thing - spectacular.
Great park! Pretty big with a wonderful pond. It's cola to my house so I'm looking forward to strolls, may be even jogs here.
Excellent food served well by a personable wait staff.\nGreat ambiance albeit noisy.\nShrimp Bisque was Outstanding.\nSome marvelous craft beers with too limited a Growler offering.\nWe be back.
Absolutely recommend it. Great value, experience and happy with results. Even though it was a busy Saturday, I was quickly greeted and sat for a pedicure. I liked that they took their time, unlike some places where one feels they're just trying to get the next one in.
Now a J.J. North's Country Buffet
Went for lunch to celebrate a grinding training finally ending. Burgers and drinks were good. I wish I had time to sit there and savor it. \n\nI will go again with kids which is the true test as we all know.
eh...not terrible, but not worth spending money on either. I tried 3 different snacks and a pistachio cake. The cake wasn't good at all.\n\nvery friendly service.
I am sad to see the poor review.  I went to DM with my sister in law - who is a very small person - the sales lately nicely greeted us and then offered us waters, then proceeded with pulling every piece of clothing that came in my sister in laws very rare size.  Not once did we feel pressured.
I hit up Starbucks all over and my iced green tea is not what I've come to expect, it is very weak. Have been to this location before and had whip added to my no whip soy latte. I hate giving a poor review, but my experiences here have not been the greatest.
The only place for marshmallow avalanche cereal!  It's so much better than regular cereal marshmallow!!!
i tend to lean more for japanese food but if i do want something in this spectrum this is where i would go. Ive eaten here often and do enjoy there chicken fried rice as well as there lo meins and beef fried rice. My wife loves the orange chicken and no one ive ever taken here has not left happy. great place
Very good noodle joint on The Strip. Had the combination w/ chicken, bbq pork, and seafood.  Fast too. Took back to the room so we could enjoy some Angry Orchard Hard cider - my friend is now addicted - and it was a great combination. Now we want to try the rest of the menu!
I got the chicken shawarma plate to go. It was pretty good. They separated everything out which was nice. The way they packaged the salad was impressive. It was a pretty nice salad that wasn't skimpy like many places. Good size too.
Great local shop. I had the bacon cheddar burger which was delicious. Staff were super friendly and brought the food out. Great prices, lots of thick cut fries with the burger. They took credit cards and our orders were prepared in good time even though they are were busy.
Great!  Finally find one the whole family would like to go!\nThough it is a bit further away from the strip, it is worth the extra 5-8 minutes drive
very poor quality food
Good bar and the food is ok not remarkable but good.  Portions sort of skimpy but they ar ealways expanding the menu.  They do have a pretty good Rib eye however but nothing else was that memorable.  I will eat there again I'm sure.
Drinks by the pool at the Flamingo does NOT get 5 Stars from me.  Why?  Because it literally smells like a flamingo's ass out there.  \nCocktails and bird poo is a bad combo.\nPlastic flamingos would have been a better choice.
Excellent! Home cooking, friendly service and the pies are amazing!!
I got the peanut butter cupcake and red velvet..they were ok but once you've had cheesy eddies in rochester ny ...everything else taste boo in comparison.
Luke going to Harkins Theatre to watch movies. I gave it 4 stars not because they serve that nasty coke products
Amazing salads for sure plus good cocktails! The outside patio is a great place to set as well as you can bring your pets! That was a big plus. we like to stop and get sushi and then go to Mac Shack for salads and sit on the patio
The farmer salad, the bread, and then the pizza. Who says you can't get great pizza outside of NY. Great meal. Worth a drive.
Coffee was the same as always.  The music was way too loud to really visit and or relax.  I did ask them to urn it down and they finally did, about 10 minutes before we left.  The staff was ok, the one in Scottsdale actually has friendlier people.
over rated!!! go to port a call, new orleans louisiana if you want a real burger with a must have monsoon
Great selection, great staff!
Fabulous mid century treasures...for all price points. They are absolutely a delight to work with and complete professionals. I am so glad they have moved into this space and are no longer just by appointment only! All of their pieces are in such great condition and they tend to have really unusual cool items. Love this place- huge fan!
This place has horrible customer service. After dealing with the rude cashier I cancelled my order and left out of principal. \nFurthermore, this company is racist and It's probably better not to support them.
It was okay, but not anything I'd get to excited about to order again.
The salad was average but the salmon was awful! It was over priced for what you get and how you get it (cafeteria style)
my friends convinced me to give this place another chance. \n\nthe salsa bar is SO good. I don't really recall what I ordered to eat but i do remember not loving it. it was decent though. \n\nthe salsa on the other hand is amazing! salsa all day long!
Super fast and friendly service. Good soup as well. Mmmmm... Broccoli cheddar. Best subway location in Phoenix.
Quick Cheap and easy!  We go there a couple times a week with work.  Though the rolled tacos seemed to get cheaper in the last few months.  Was my favorite thing, now I need to come up w/something else.  But the price is right for all the options there.
my boyfriend and I eat lunch here when it's coming down to the end of the week, and end of the bank account. a $6 burrito feeds 2 people, no problem. & it's soooo tasty!!
Meh... I could easily find better food, a better happy hour, and better service within blocks of this place. It's not terrible, but I wouldn't recommend it to people either.
We love it here!  Love the coffee.  I really appreciate getting a mug instead of a to-go cup.  The oatmeal w ginger, blueberry, and almond is lovely.  Today's lentil stew was perfect. \nWe will be back and back and back.
Cornbread Update:\n\nI think they must have tweaked their recipe, because I tried a piece of the vegan cornbread again and it was perfect. Thanks, Weary Bakers!
Great juice. They have lots of options that you can mix and match, plus you can add vitamin and protein powder to your shake!  I loved it.  I went for the Chai High and loved it.  Overall, nice place to grab a protein shake after leaving the gym or as a meal.  Give it a try!
Great place to be...very friendly staff. Always have something to do from gambling, dining and even watching the latest movie. Got to check out the pool during the warmer it's wonderful and the bowling alley worth checking out. I would bring my friends and family here in the future.
I was disappointed to say the least.
Came in this morning and was greeted by a very friendly employee at the counter with a \"Happy Wednesday!\" A very good greeting for first thing in the morning, especially since I didn't have my coffee yet!\n\nThe store was clean and the employees kept the lines moving. Was impressed all the way around!
Ok, I was going to write a review until I realized EVERYTHING has already been said.  Just go there at least once!  Especially if you like feeling dark and mysterious.
I think this place is closed because they didn't pay their rent.  It's a shame since my folks and I liked eating here. :(
I generally like Cocomero. It's pretty tasty and there are tons of options. However, I attempted to go tonight and found that Cocomero was closed, even though the hours on Yelp say 11:30am-11:00pm. Definitely disappointed that the hours listed are wrong.
The most AUTHENTIC Lebanese restaurant in Montreal! \nThe family that runs the place is very accommodating and friendly.\nThe food is amazing and fresh. \nAnother thing that was outstanding was the service. \nKeep up the good work!
For a place called \" The milkshake factory\" I expected much more than a droopy completely liquified chocolate drink.  Thats all i have to say, for $4.50.
Cult vibes + delicious lemongrass mock chicken. I try to avoid meat substitutes in general these days but Veggie House holds a special place in my heart.
Never knew this place existed until a group of friends met for a holiday dinner. Second floor is pretty big, and while nice and clean enough, was pretty generic.\n\nFirst floor is smaller in a cozy way, and pretty nice, but with smoking permitted it's not somewhere I'd spend a lot of time.
Just went for drinks.. I wasn't in the mood for pizza.. or any of that stuff on the menu. Seeing \"Jada\" (Sushi) made me want sushi. Great space, not too crowded. I was told it gets PACKED on game days....
If you are from out of town skip this place. No outside drinks, no smoking, no fun!\n\nWorst beef jerky I ever had from Jo Jo
Loved it!!!! My boyfriend and I are so happy and could not stop talking about our experience. The food was not the best but it was good and we had nothing negative to say. So romantic and intimate. And great service..
Avoid at all costs. Order accuracy is nonexistent. Spent 10 minutes waiting for drive-thru order that was all wrong. Watched two customers ahead of me have the same issue. If you want a mystery order, try the drive-thru!
I love this plato's closet... They give you a good price for your clothes. They always make you feel welcome and the wait time isn't really that long depending on how busy they are and how much clothes you bring
UPDATE:     27 Dec 2012                                                                                                                       received email of cancellation of membership and                                                 received a call on the 28 Dec from a manager of La Fitness to make sure everything was taken care of.                                                                                                                      Thanks guys\n\nNow how to let BBB know the complaint has be dealt with?
The doctor is very friendly, and the assistants as well, but the receptionist is the rudest one I have ever seen at a doctor's office.
After all of the amazing reviews I saw on yelp I was so excited to come here for my last morning in Vegas. Mannn what a disappointment. My poached eggs were overcooked and the salmon was kind of dry. Not exactly the delicious breakfast I was looking for unfortunately.
Had the BBQ pizza outstanding! Will definitely go back and try the rest of the menu and a couple of beers.  The service was good during lunch normal wait time.
The people are so rude & the place looks dirty.
The food alone it's worth the trip !
I would have gave this place 1 star had the Calamari not been decent but the Shepard's pie and the chicken pot pie were not anything special I've had frozen dinners with more flavor than what I got would not recommend this place to anyone
I can't this is still listed.  PLACE HAS BEEN OUT OF BUSINESS FOR A YEAR.
Trio is our girls' night out spot.  Jim. the bartender, makes the best cosmo in Charlotte.  He is not normally there on Mondays or Tuesdays though.  They currently have chicken piccata on the August specials menu and it is excellent.  The food quality and quantity is consistent week after week.
Been coming here since the 90s always great beer,good service is the norm.  The brat burger is worth the drive.  My favorite beer is the dirty dog IPA but check their big board as they change up frequently.   Bar has a great vibe, recognize you even if you come once in a while.
love meghan! talented young lady and very professional!
One of my favorite sushi places in Vegas.  Great food, affordable prices(for what it is..  compared to places like nobu) and great consistent service.
What a creative concept/great atmosphere!  Russian: KGB.  Let me recommend the sliders and the malts.  \"Life's sinful pleasures\"  Time to hit the gym!
Best food I've ever had at a pub.  Outrageously good burgers and salads.
Don't go here they still from you!!!! They took two packs of cigarettes from us.
I really enjoy applebees but this one did not mix my perfect margarita correctly.   I drove 20 minutes so I could have my perfect and an decent meal to receive a bitter drink not mixed to the recipe and not measured correctly. \n\nConsistency is everything.
Amazing. Beers are $1.50 and they will give you a freezer pop if you ask. Be sure and ask.
Best sushi in the Burgh and they deliver!  Volcano and Godzilla rolls area the best. Also, try the spring rolls. Wowzer!
On a business trip and found TAF2 on Yelp.  Great food.  Shocked with the portion sizes.  I have never not been able to polish off an order of Yellow Curry in one sitting...until Totties.  Dishes are large enough for 2 to share.
Grill 109 for dinner ... Nice and quiet atmosphere, nice scenery great food, can't ask for much more
Nothing special. They have quite a few TVs that are great to watch the games. Happy hour is 3p to 6p. Other than that, food and drinks are pricey. Food is okay. They have a pool table which is also nice. Waitress shorted me on my change from my check so she didn't get a tip.
Went here for breakfast. All was good except our server lady named Virgy. She had the worst service/people skills. But besides her terrible attitude the rest of the staff was nice and positive. We probably be coming back though.
Too raw for my wife and me. Great circus acts, but ruined by offensive language and behavior.
Great food but bad customer service. They don't always answer the phone and depending on the day sometimes they don't take to go orders.
They have slow service and the food is just okay. Only thing special is that they have many unique burger toppings, but it's not worth it for the money they charge.
Okay for a quick meal. this place has a kid zone which keeps the noise down in the main restaurant...brilliant !
Service was incredibly SLOW. We waited forever for our food. The two tables that came in after us and ordered similar meals after us, got food first. Then when the burgers came, they weren't even good. They had no flavor whatsoever. I wouldn't go back.
We bought a couple of party trays for my birthday and I have to say, it can feed a whole battalion. Not only was there a lot of food, it was also delicious, as usual. Thank you, Greek Wraps!
Not a bad club....have a lot of great headliners.  I would go again...if there was a good host.
Love the Urban Outfitters there, and found a perfect little dress at FCUK.\nOther than that, I thought it was a boring mall, and would go to Cesars Forum in a blast before this place.
For simply having Beer Pong, I give O'Sheas 5 stars. Cheap tables are a plus too!
Don't go there for lunch, service is slow, my order was wrong and there was no attempt to correct the problem. The manager walked past our table 3 times and never asked how our meal was. I've been to other Gordon Biersch around the country and not had this bad an experience. I guess it's typical for Vegas.
The pizza was great! Also ordered funnel fries which were amazing. The prices were low which makes it even better!
This is one of my favorite places for breakfast. The service is always friendly and attentive. Food comes out amazingly quick. I highly recommend their Bacon Benedict, and a stack of some of the best pancakes you'll ever have.
Very pleased with everyone there. Most importantly, they got me in to two rental cars for a friends bachelor party at what ended up costing a fraction of what it would have been if getting a car at the airport.  Much better deal.  Very friendly service and good recommendations on things to do.  Very pleased with their help.
Nothing special. Nothing stood out as great or super fantastic.
Overpriced for what you get.  Roll was fair, a little spongy.  Meat was pretty tasteless and an odd texture.\n\nThis place would never survive in my native Philadelphia.
Its a great place to kill time but its so expensive! The fries are almost 5 dollars and the lines get so long over the weekend. Honestly not the first place I think of going to but I love the rides and the games so it is a nice experience
Give Ron and Zalina a raise immediately.  They are the only reason I come to Pinkberry.\n\nPS-- I spilled brownie on the floor but I picked it up myself.
Love their cupcakes.  The frosting and cake is perfection!
Re-opened yet again!  http://cinematreasures.org/news/26155_0_1_0_M/
Over-rated.  Guy making them got OJT about how to make pizza.\nIngredients are said to be made fresh daily from a couple of NYC\nguys but it was over-priced and over-hyped for what it its.\nSettobello better.
Awesome desserts , wide variety , decent price!
We found this place right after eating at Bachi burger and I loved it! The lady who took our order and made our drink was beyond nice. Super cute place highly recommended.
I was hesitant to go .. but we were seriously impressed about the food.  It was DELICIOUS!!! I am def going back to try everything!! Its a mix btwn asian/ louisana flavor .... I do suggest everyone try it
This theater is always packed so get there early because you will have to wait in line to get tickets.  Good selection of movies and times.  Too ad you have to pay for Rewards Club that other Theaters give you for free.  Food combos are pricey.
Came in today and had a great experience. I got a 8 inch Italian , a cup of soup broccoli and cheese was todays special , and a medium Coke easy ice. Had no problems with service from the employees.
Worst service I've ever received at a Cheesecake Factory. Our server Morgan was extremely rude and got our orders completely wrong.
I've been going to this location since it opened a year or so ago. Awesome customer service and friendly staff. They carry Canidae dog food, which can be hard to find sometimes. Prices are pretty competitive.
Great Lunch Buffet! Must come for dinner also! I'm adding all sorts of words so yelp will make it a review and not a tip. How stupid! My cherrie has been broken!
Booo got it wrong again.  You guys have messed up 4 of my last 5.  Taking another DB break and going back to making my own til I can get over it.
Fresh food, good variety,  friendly staff go here regularly my son loves the cookies and most times they give free samples as well as free drinks
Pretty nice casino!! It's really clean and looks like one of the new casino on the Las Vegas strip!!!\n\nThe 4 stars review is for the casino floor only!!!
Returned for a 2nd visit. I had the wings and a steak calzone. Everything was very good.
Below average standard of sushi and yakitori. The tempura was heavy. That said, service was friendly.
Terrible food and service. \nConsistently slow. Have to wait ages past quoted times even for pickup. Food is frequently cold or incorrect. \nSave yourself the trouble and drive a few miles to the 7th ave and union hills location.
I think this place is OK. I believe most people who like it are new to vegitarian-vegan items.
Excellent pizza and great service.  The Mediterranean Pizza and Moscato wine both get 5 stars.
Food is okay. \n\nServer Blake was kind of condescending and I don't know if it it's because we were one of the only tables of color eating there. \n\nThey do offer a happy hour but the options seemed limited.
Didn't want to come here in the first place and their food justified why... While nothing was wrong with the service, the food is sub par... cheap ingredients and overpriced for what you're getting. Pass.
We eat here about once a month and always order from the Happy Hour menu which has great prices on food and drinks. We can get a family of 4 fed on less than $40 (tip included) and everyone leaves full. Good Rolls and appetizers and definitely the best sushi we have found in the area.
Very good food. Well worth the price.
Very average pizza....not impressed at all.
I thought the food was just OK, but still pretty expensive.  For as casual as it was, I thought it would cost less.
Ehhh.....it was ok. Quesadilla was ok......Carne Asada burrito my daughter had was down right aweful. Queso dip was good. I doubt I'll be back. GREAT service tho, very attentive and polite waitress.
How much can you save by giving your take out customer only half bowl of rice? Do you have to be this stingy on rice? I mean how expensive is it?!
Although I love their sushi finding a maggot on the  edamame was absolutely disgusting. Never returning! To make matters worst he tried excusing this saying it was normal because it is organic and natural. Hmmm no!
Very relaxing.  $12/pot to relax and enjoy the view?  Perfect!  and the tea was quite good.
back for quiche Lorraine and chocolate croissant, still a fan...
Simply stated, the food here was absolutely delicious! The food is very savory and the staff is incredibly pleasant. It was a pleasure to dine here and I look forward to future visits!
It's Buffalo Wild Wings!!! $0.45 wings on Tuesday!!! Oh Yah!!
Not worth all the hype. Some of the food was cold. We only went because there was a deal on groupon. I wouldn't go there otherwise. The waiter took forever to get our drink order and the food was bland.
Vultures who prey on the misfortune of others.  Probably incestuous in their families, because who would want to socialize with any of them?  No mirrors in their houses, they can't stand to look at themselves in them.
This is definitely a great place to go if you're looking for a good hot dog. Service is fast, and the food extremely enjoyable. The seating is clean, though the restaurant itself is a little dim. Great for fast, cheap, and delicious food.
From the outstanding responsiveness of the staff to the wonderful dishes  prepared by the chef.... Wonderful meal overall. \nWe had a group of 25+ and all were impressed.
This hotel is plain nasty!! My brother had a room that was infested with fleas. Management sent him to another room and he still had the same problem. Do not stay here!!!!
Super fast delivery.\nOnly Chinese place that offer wings & fries combo.\nBest french fries I've ever had except at fast food places.\n\nUpdate: I don't know why I said the stuff above. Their food... sucks!
Not a fan...seems dark and dingy. You can tell this is a US airways hub as its just like Philly, like an old shopping mall that is past its prime.
Good service.  Free sufficient size samples and not just a spoonful.  The regular size is more than enough! When I was there, they were out of a lot of flavors though =(
The pizza was hot even though it was sitting on the back counter in a case.\nService was OK
Currently this location is CLOSED (Mill Avenue) due to the fire damage - still waiting impatiently for them to open up again, but there are other locations too and the food is about the same. I always stick with a basic gyro and Greek side salad. Can't go wrong with this.
I'm going to rank this ok but normally I would rank this one star because back int eh days you couldn't get into this club but now they hoard you in like cattle and pack you like sardines hahaha... I guess they will get 2 stars cuz now you can actually get in  =/
This hotel doesn't have the glamour of other hotels on the strip if that's what you're looking for, but the dealers were very courteous and made great conversation as well
Food was good, however I'm not sure what happened to the service.  The typically good service was replaced some terrible and I mean terrible servers.
The pizza is OK. I figured I'm already here, who wants to drive somewhere else to get something to eat. The sauce was ok, and the ingredients were flat. Nothing really spectacular about this.
food is below average in my opinion, me and my friends didnt finish anything well... nothing stand out except those cute girls wear anime costume lol 2 stars for that and i went on new year eve no one were there and the staffs were just chillin forgot to take our order.
We've been coming here to meet friends for the past few weeks.  We usually sit in the bar or patio area.  The servers are very friendly and attentive.  We've had the steak tacos and they are so good, we haven't tried anything else.  Hubby and I usually split it and it's enough for us.
Ok, I mean...its a chain. Kind of like Starbucks. I've had tea and iced tea here and wasn't disappointed by the product or service. \n\nNot really much else to say I guess.
Expensive. Pedicure was about 15 minutes. I had to actually ask to get my cuticles cut. Won't go back
I love the organic meats and vegetables here and they have a great sale on the organic meats also.   This staff is always friendly here I like it all around
Super expensive but worth the money best steaks in the valley!!
Great servings for a low price. The best Chinese I've had in the area. Egg drop soup is my favorite!
Love Love Love this place! Always super friendly and always clean. Great place to bring your date at the end of the night Or even after a family dinner. Kid friendly!
Tourist trap. $20 per person and you will probably share a boat with another couple. They have an indoor one and an outdoor one but same lame ride. Save your money for the casinos or buffets.
I came on a business trip to Edinburgh. I found it on Yelp and I was intrigued. I ordered the oink with haggis and the mild chili and loved it. Be sure to get the cracklin, as well on your sandwich. Great place for a quick bite while sightseeing near the castle.
22 people in line before me, and we don't seem to be moving.  Must be new people working, I don't recognize them and they are SLOWWWWWW.
Brought my car in last weekend for the supreme wash option. I have been going here for years...never a disappointment. My car looks like new and smells great every time. The employees are always courteous and pleasant. Try them and you will be hooked!
Always great food!
Good service, fast food time, delicious entrees and margarita was made with fresh lime juice and agave nectar! Funky paintings and a dessert display complete the setting for a great Mexican restaurant!
Best Persian food in AZ!! LOVE the food and the great service...
Wynn has great selection for dessert ...  tomato soup was good,  sushi was extremely bad. pass that ... ^^ everything else was average...  $ 40 without tips...
Well, the cake is absolutely amazing. No doubt. But the service ... wow. I called to order an 8-inch round for my friend's birthday celebration. The person who answered the phone was clearly annoyed by me placing an order. So disappointing.
I was a little skeptical about trying a fro-yo place because they are popping up all around the valley, but when I stepped in here, I knew this place was good. They are very inviting and the atmosphere is relaxing. I come in every time i'm in the neighborhood. Yummy flavors!
Never been disappointed at this place. Everyone is super friendly and they do a great job for the price.
Always plenty of smiles, good customer service.
I ended up getting addicted to this noodle house, simple flavors, great taste and good people working make for a great lunch destination. After a short closure they are back open with new menus, some new fresh items and some new decor including a red wall!
Great ambiance! Great food!
Great place to hang if you win the happy hour drawing. Otherwise shots and drinks can be pricey :( Dueling piano jockeys do make the atmosphere way fun!!
Outstanding profession! Will use again for sure! Would definitely recommend to anyone who needs plumbing service in the Las Vegas area.
Went here on a Friday night. Ate at the bar.\nGreat bartender and excellent food. Felt a little rushed but all in all, nice place to eat and good service and more importantly good  quality food.\nI'll be back.
I can find some good items here every now and then....some of the employees I could do without.
Nice place to visit in spring time frame.  The prices are affordable and the views are breathtaking.
I had the nachos with carne asada awesome.\nBean and cheese burritos were good.\nBeef taco was a tad greasy but good flavor.
This is a great place to kick back and enjoy a margarita.  There's plenty of tequilas to choose from and they have great food.  Try the pomegranate a\u00e7ai margarita and the chile rellenos.  Both got rave reviews at our table.
It was just ok. He is a little old and lacking energy. I felt that he was trying to be more a comedian than a magician
I'm amending my review and giving this place an extra star. This is going to be my regular nail place :)
I love Dr Haar.  He is very professional, knowledgable, thorough, takes time to listen and explains everything to me.  Jordan, his assistant, is an absolute doll.  They both make me comfortable, take any fear out of the procedures and follow ups.  I feel like they are my friends!
Mmmm...\n\nBest burgers and the cajun fries....wow!
I came here around 4 times and the food is amazing\nI tried many italian food and I am really picky about taste but  this is best among vegas italian restautants.  One thing that i did not like is Service from server.  I hope server check customer more often and give nice smile at least
Always friendly staff.  Clean, smaller facility.  Bit easier to get in and out than Stonecrest.  Great wine selection.
Great neighborhood pub.  Food is better than expected from a cozy family sports pub.  Daily food and happy hour specials make it very affordable.  Reliable staff service and food.  The beef on a wreck (salted bun) is a real stand out.  Wings are great.
Great local cab company! I had no trouble scheduling a pickup time, even the day before, for a ride. The driver called me to let me know he was there. Also, the driver was prompt and very nice. Great reasonable rates also. Highly recommend!
Every time I go here, I order the same thing. A junior cheeseburger with a cesar side salad. Every time I get the wrong items. I'm getting real tired of it. I've worked the drive thru at fast food places. It's seriously not that hard. Come on people....
Great beer  and food but cheesy set up... However very nice back patio... Overall a nice place!
I can eat here every day! Their chicken - the way it's done - just yum! I usually get a combo - chicken/shrimp w/rice and cole-slaw
Yum!!!  HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!
The French fries were very good. The food took an hour to get here and it was cold and not yummy. Their food sounds so good on the menu but it just wasn't. They tried tho. They are nice people, their food just sucks.
I like getting the Nacho Burrito, Steak Quesidillas, and the Chicken Burrito from here with fire sauce, even though it's still not that hot.
Very good Italian in an area severely lacking in anything even approximating good Italian food. Good menu, good prices, good location.
Awful, awful, awful. Two entrees n a drink cost us $40. The quality of food didn't even deserve $1
Switched a $10 table to a $5 table for us but the Blackjack dealer was rusty and wasn't sure of her pay outs or bonus bets... Disappointing...
This place has gone downhill since the last owner, Mike, sold the business. Gone are the days of amazing food. The new owner is an a*shole, and the food is terrible. My three year old can make a better sandwich. Will never order again.
Did not like the pizza puffs or the garlic bread. Too much cheese in the puffs and the bread was bland.  Prices are average as well as the service. Not worth a try... foodwise
Hours on the yelp site say they are open on Sundays, drove all the way there just to see its closed. I'm pissed
Great delivery service. They were kind and friendly. The sweet & sour chicken was tasty too!
Lovely place I suggest you go check it out if your nearby and want a coffee
I'm not a fan of this place, I've been here numerous times for some snacking or quick bites and I've always left disappointed
Amazing, kid friendly, great selection, great price, super comfortable chair to fall asleep in, amazing customer service....in short.  I could live here.
This is a fun place to eat and the prices are very reasonable. The food is not great, but not bad.\n\nThe mussels are devine.\n\nGreat place for a group. Trendy but not overpowering.
Very nice (new) little place. Stuffed grape leaves (vegetarian) and baklava are memorable. Felafel, humus, baba ganoush are all very good. I will return!
Staff were so helpful, helped us novices out and took the time to explain everything and answer questions. We got a few plants today and plan on returning for our future needs. James helped us out and was great!
The bar was okay but the comedy show was horrible.
I've tried Flip'n Chicken 3 times at this point and if you like incorrect orders & lack luster service this is the place for you.
I ordered a plate that was \"thai hot\".....it was hot.  Not bad but nothing special.  Will probably go back but will not go out of my way to go back.
Had a god awful chai latte. Scone was fine although would be better if warmer. Never coming back!
Zombie-like service, food mediocre. Meh.
My kids and I love this place!  Service....excellent!  Sushi.....flavorful and fresh!  Great prices on meals and sushi! Spicy tuna is our favorite menu item!
Didn't actually eat here. Waited 15 minutes and still no wait staff came so we bailed and had an awesome meal down the hall at the buffet for probably even cheaper! (Breakfast at the buffet is less than $10!)
7.10 per shirt, and 8.50 per pair of slacks for dry cleaning?! Omg, that's TRIPLE the cost of their competition.  on top of that, rude service.  I won't be back here, how are they even in business?
Quick and was decent. We split a Turkey Cheddar Melt.. Can't expect much from a chain in the middle of Fremont Street I suppose. Service was good.
Pretty good Chinese food, more affordable than the other restaurants at MGM. I had wok fried noodles with beef and the shrimp tempura roll. Both were decent. My boyfriend had the Orange Chicken, which was more like sweet and sour chicken, but it was still pretty good.
I used to work next door so I had the pleasure of eating here all the time, you really get to know a place like that. I was never ever disappointed and found them to be really accommodating. The best comfort food ever is sitting at the bar and enjoying their pork sliders with an order of homemade potato chips.
My chai wasn't as tasty as other places, but was drinkable. Friend said that it is not her experience...maybe a bad make.
Taylor was amazing! I didn't have to purchase the groupon, they honored the price and I got $39 for full body hot stone massage. It felt amazing and one of the best. I would highly recommend this place!
A great little place. Delicious and affordable Italian food. Great salads and pasta. Try the pizza rolls!
When you first step into the buffet at the Bellagio, you will get a nice feeling due to the magnificent atmosphere. You are greeted by friendly hostesses and waitresses. \n\nThere is a variety of food and desserts. The food is mouth watering. You cannot go wrong with the Bellagio Buffet.
I don't know about this place. It seemed like an upscale Bob's Big Boy restaurant. The waitress was aloof. The place flipped me out to say the least. Super weird time in there.
It ain't no Thai restaurant that you'll find in Cali, but it's solid enough.  Only ordered carry-out and felt it the food could've been better.  I'm spoiled by west coast Thai cooking. Back to the grind - workin' on Sunday \n\ndmo out
Not the best wash that I've gotten but it was ok.  It was definatley a hand wash but there were a lot of water spots left on the front windshield. I had to ask the person who was drying the car to spray window cleaner on it to get the spots off.  I don't think I would return to this place.
Food was ok but service was poor. Inside of the restaurant was bright and not conducive to a pleasant eating experience. Waiter was slow and messed up my drink order. When he delivered drinks to the table he splashed it on the table.\nYou draw your own conclusions.
The location and patio are great but I had poor service. We had to go find our own napkins and silverware. Our waitress would disappear for long periods of time not refilling our drinks. The food took an hour to get out to us and was poorly put together. Overall I was disappointed.
Good indian buffet at a reasonable price 9.99 usd + tax. Food is not too spicy and its in perfect taste. They refill everything and everytime when tray is emptied. Be ready to wait for sometime during week ends as this place is crowded mostly in week ends
Was super pissed about\nBeer selection. Wouldn't call \nThis place \"hip\" EVER.\n\n(b)
This was way cool. We took the hop on, hop off tour. You can get off the bus at any stop you like. We made a whole day event of it. This is a great way to see the city. The Guide was very knowledgeable, A few of the bus'es spoke both French and English on their tour
Love this place!! Lived here for years and this is by far my favorite place for gel Mani's and pedis. Good service and unique decor
Good burgers but I love their fries with the seasoning!
I haven't visited this location, but I've been served two of their fine \"mini\" reuben's for lunch this week. They make a damn good reuben.
The ambience of this place is cool. It's an Irish pub with a warm, friendly, and chill atmosphere. The bartender was nice. I'm not much of a drinker so I asked him to make something good for me and it was really good! Highly recommend!
I've been here a couple of times and the service and coffee have been consistently good.  This past visit I bought a pound of Sumatra and French Roast.  I used my French Press for the Sumatra and it was very good.  Give these folks a try and don't forget to hang around the wood fire they have outside.
This, place has some of the best burgers you will ever eat .Staff is great.The owners make sure you are taken care of.They have Karoke, darts and poker.Drink prices and food are reasonable.So, stop and have a drink or sing some Karoke
The bread is pretty good. The Italian bake was too watery for my taste. The meat balls were decent and the sausage was ok. A fairly inexpensive meal and you get what you pay for. The crayons and paper tablecloth are a nice touch, nothing better than a paper cut at dinner.
Not worth the money. Fortunately, I had good company and I got free tickets so I did feel better about not wasting money or time.\n\nIt was easy to do and I did not feel challenged in any way.\n\nI don't even want to talk to it. Trust me. Don't do it.
The staff is nice, big portions and food is good, but not great.
If you value your health , please go to another Dr. Or perhaps Dr. Syms should seek care. In the past I have seen 43 bad reviews.
The food is good for fried Mexican fast food. I feel that they overcharge for the amount of food you receive and I was under the impression that it was an actual restaurant instead of somewhere where you'd seat yourself. Can't say I'd go back. Their catered stuff is good though.
I loved it! I was a bit hesitant at first because it was a variety show, but it was amazing!\nI couldn't even decide which act I like the best, they were all great!! I highly recommend the show!
first off, the staff here is super friendly and i would recommend anyone to this delicious pizzeria!. I ordered a pepperoni and garlic pizza and took home 2 large boxes driving back to California. Reminds me of the NYC pizzas..
You get what you pay for...that is the saying. It rings true every time, too. This location is hit and miss both foodwise and customer service wise. I've encountered the good and bad with both.
Was Here Memorial Day Weekend. What a Mess. Staff needs to go. If you don't want to work at subway, then don't work at subway. Everything was done with an attitude. Everything being thrown around or harshly. Worst subway I have ever been to.
Chose 1 star because I couldn't pick 0 stars. Worst service I've ever had... Food very mediocre, drinks too expensive, and very dead for a Saturday night dinner.  Wouldn't recommend to a friend.
Food is mediocre but the service is terrible. The cashiers and cooks have terrible attitudes. I'm surprised this place is still open. Keep up the good work you won't last long in summerlin!
Great food , great service, nice atmosphere.
Quite the experience. Expect a line. Worth the wait.
Buffet was a joke little to nothing in any of the trays and this was at 6pm the prime dinner hour. Place was clean and what we did have available from the buffet was okay not amazing I would rather go down two doors for Panda Express
Really wanted this to be good.....very dissatisfied.  Fish was dry, food was, in general not to the caliber I would have wanted from what they are representing.  Service was fair.  Good idea but for us, a miss.
I don't get it.  Then again as a vegetarian who likes to eat healthy for the most part there is really nothing on the menu for me.\n\nTook the kids to get the chocolate brownie pie.  None of my three children really liked it.  Took about 15 minutes for them to make it also.
Really helpful and friendly service.
Found this hidden little gem while looking for some good subs. This place was so much more! The sandwiches, the sausage, the stuffed peppers, the pastries... This place was a true Italian food lover's dream!!\nAbsolutely FANTASTIC!!!!
Horribly slow\n\nStaff repeats themselves and is slower than molasses in the winter. \n\nOrder wrong again...\n\nTaco salad bowl was stale not fresh
Para ser arroz y frijoles,  esta muy caro. No es mi gusto en comida. Pueda que a otros les guste, en lo personal a mi no!!!
I stayed at this place on business and it was very nice. Multiple buildings arranged like villas, quiet atmosphere, multiple pools and clean rooms.  The suites are spacious and very clean. I would definitely stay here again.
lamb lollipops, tuna skewers, guacamole stack, wild mushrooms on toast are all amazing.  the tacos fell very short of expectations for me.  sushi is good too but I usually order the small plates instead.
Finally a bar in Phoenix that understand mixology! Great drinks!  Bar staff is friendly and atmosphere is great!
Not bad food at this place. Close to my apartment. Not the cheapest prices but I am used to east coast chnese food prices. I a having to get used to the different food cooking syles and increased prices. All in all not a bad place to grab a bite.
Service was great. Food was awful. Shrimp and mushroom pasta had the strangest flavor I've ever tasted - literally inedible. Caesar side salad was good size, but lettuce was soggy and shredded Parmesan cheese was as hard as sticks. Truly the worst meal I've had, maybe ever
make sure you check the price on the shelf AND when they ring you up. very misleading and disappointing.
Great food! Lackluster service\n\nget the club sammie, its really good\n\nthey give you cookie with every order too
Have been going here for 20 years. Overall-Food is good! Definitely worth a visit!
The food tastes pretty good! But the food is not in good quality. We had buffet, there wasn't that many options. And they run out of food fast.
Nice hotel. Very convenient in terms of shopping, eating out, and gambling.  Also dealers are very friendly. I come here at least once or twice a year and they have been very consistent in a good way.
Just had breakfast for lunch. Carne adovada with potatoes and scrambled eggs. Could be the best thing I have eaten in months. No kidding.
This place is great.  I love that they are open late, and the all you can eat deal is really worth it.  The sushi is good, the desserts are REALLY good, and the atmosphere is really casual and friendly.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
Bartenders are pretty cool here. Love Kayli, Emily and Stacey.  Servers on the other hand are terrible.  Alyson had to be the worst.  Gorgeous girl with an ugly personality and terrible customer service skills.  Don't let your looks get the best of you.
Love the studio and the family feeling of everyone there.  My daughter started ballett the first of the year and is having such a great time.  Thank you Regina and Jason for this wonderful studio.  Keep doing what you are doing!
Excellent service, they bring you a delicious soup to start with and everything I had was very scrumptious. I'm defiantly going there again.
Best spot for a beginning blackjack player on the strip.  The dealers here really took time to help me learn the game and went at a reasonable pace.  The bonus was that mys friends were able to splay beer pong while I played.  I did not stay at Bills as a hotel but I highly recommend a visit to their tables!
Please go try the cookie butter latte!! It is the best thing I've had to drink in a long time.
hung out there with a group of friends that kept telling me that I should check it out and I'm glad that I did. Cool looking space that was thought out and well put together. The biggest complain that I have is the water/ice taste terrible and that just ruins the drinks. It's worth checking out.
The visuals inside light are second to none. Led panels everywhere you look. The dancers and acrobatics are all cirque du soliel!
Store is a mess. They need to clean a little more. The fountain drink had been down for 3 days. It seems that corporate does not care. They should get that fixed fast because they sell a lot of fountain drinks here in the valley
Of course my son loved this place.\n\nVery clean, and lots to look @ while no races going on.  Way to expensive.  Two races for son, $50.  Wouldn't have gone here @ all, except that my son really wanted to do this.  I would rather spend the money on something else.
So bad , using bad chicken which is overdate and tasty like shit. Smell so bad with gongbao chicken.  I promise I will never ever back.
Unbelievably slow service, do not go here for lunch if want to get back on time, servers do not care about service.
All you can drink beer and wine made this great buffet even greater. I love the salmon salad,  the Korean BBQ short ribs. They were so great.  I will be back!
This is my favorite hotel in Vegas hands down.  The amenities and rooms are second to none.  I love how every room is a suite, plenty of space.  The drawback is the price, but if you get on their mailing list, they will send really great deals.
One of the greatest places to eat, especially if you have a group of people...treated very nice, great service, and the food is heavenly!
Great customer service, smoothies and juices are made quickly even during busy weekend afternoons. I was surprised to be offered a sample of a juice too before ordering which is something that will keep me coming back as well.
The staff at this location just take the cake. They are pure rude just unkind so not humble or friendly people. How can they help people with such nasty attitudes its beyond me. How they have a job at all is beyond me. I will never return here.
Best croissants ever.  Enough said.
Great dive place with an amazing atmosphere..... burger was great..corndog was like the ones i would get at the fair as a kid...
Very happy with this place. Our room on the 16th floor has a beautiful view of the Stratosphere. King bed, was large and comfortable. Nice wet bar, mini fridge, quiet on our floor. Couch and TV are a welcome bonus for the pre paid internet price.
great location, service and a very clean store area. every time I come in here though,  It costs me $63.69 + beer and 5 hour energy.... :'(
Best location for easy quick healthy meals for college students. This place is small and unique. The food is delicious and appetizing. The juices are freshly squeezed which gives them their edge.
This theatre is closed.
Too expensive for a regular burger . Even smash burger better than this place. I've tried cheese burger but it's taste like a regular burger, no tasty flavor or special sauce to attract you
The young people in my life love this place. What is wrong with the youth these days? Their food tastes okay for fast Mexican fare. However every time, without fail, that I have eaten here, I have wound up spending extended time in the bathroom several hours later. Because of that I do not eat there.
I ordered the Belgian waffle with strawberries at 1230am.  It was me and two groups of 4 people. Service seemed a bit slow for the small crowd of customers. Food was ok. The manager was a bit pushy. I enjoyed free WiFi.
Ignore those negative reviews, get the original organic, and enjoy it. \nIt's crazy good
Roast duck and rice is quite good. The congee is OK. We also went back today to buy takeout, and the lady at the counter was rude as hell, being impatient in explaining the menu, and really turning me off in wanting to ever come again.
I wanted to see what the hype was all about and to view it in person.  When we ordered it, it was way too thick that we had to cut the wiener in half.  Took a bite and man.... Did that taste yucky.  \nI love slots of fun, but not the hot dog.
No matter the view it is splendid.\n\nThe view from the strip at night is stunning, the view from the \"yellowtail\" a great dinning spot was awesome, and almost personal.\n\nLovely.
How can they call this fish n chips without malt vinegar!  No hot sauce!  Wha!? Shrimp was 90% batter. Instead of fish, fish patties.  Someone please explain to me how so many are eating here. I can truly appreciate my own fish n chips place back at home.
It's ok they could do better with the flavor in some of there food
Best damn salad I've ever had in my life. Based on that alone, I give Houston's 4 stars. Perhaps someday I'll venture back to sample their dinner menu.
This is a 100% authentic old-school neighborhood dive bar. Well worth a visit if you're ever in the area. Beer and a shot please!
Good service, small portions
Thought I'd give this place another try. They didn't have what I wanted to order since I'm limited to what I can eat after surgery. The place was Empty when we arrived and hesitated before going in. I wasn't impressed and wont return again.
Excellent bachelor party getaway from the casinos. Easy to get to and the staff are accommodating of big groups. The individual races can add, up so your best bet will be to do a multi-race package
I love this place! 2 slices of pizza and a couple of beers and you're done. Stuffed pizza is a specialty of theirs, and they always have monthly specials.
New favorite sushi spot! Staff was friendly, sushi was amazing and fresh. I loved the fresh wasabi. All day, everyday happy hour is the best, can't beat the prices! Will be back!
Too expensive.  $9 to dry clean a normal shirt?  Plus, too many buttons broken with launder.  I've had it with this place.  Other places charge half the price or less.
This place has horrible customer service. we were on line and I was told the grill was turned off. The manager Yvette ya shoreline customer service skill. Super disappointedly
RAKU delivers very authentic high end Japanese high-end Izakaya style dishes.\nThier Homemade Tofu is exellent.\nToday's special fishes are always super fresh.\n\nI highly recommend this restaurant in Las Vegas area.
Excellent shop for cold pressed juices and smoothies. Highly recommend for any yogis out there. \n\nHad the Acai crunch bowl and the bee grateful juice. So yummy. Free samples too. \n\nAll of their juices are organic and made on premise.
Large portions, decent price, and I liked the generals chicken lunch special. Good quality veggies in with the chicken and not just the dried red chillies like in most cheap Chinese food, but some actual small green chilies. Overall great especially for the price. But my quest for amazing General's Chicken continues.
Awesome wings!
This is a great little restaurant that was a total find! I ended up coming here for a birthday dinner and it was really good! I've been dying to go back since.
Chris is the man!!! What a great service. I will always use his company for my future vegas trips.
This is an ok facility for the cost. No towel service, but plenty of equipment.
This is the way all pizza should be made. Being from NY this is the only place that comes close to NY pizza in AZ. Perfect crust, perfect sauce, perfect everything. In fact everything on the menu is worth trying.\nExcept for making my own, this is the only pizza i will ever eat.
They close it noooooooooooo!
I had to come here for a repair that Acura of Las Vegas couldn't handle after numerous visits.. They even picked up my CPO'ed car from work. I found them to be professional and courteous. Thanks ya'll.
food was definitely cheap.. but you get what you pay for. Did not enjoy the food. It was nothing special. Drinks were good.. Service was TERRIBLE!
Walked out bad service no attention after 10 minutes at table then another ten with no drinks. Trust the reviews don't go
This restaurant was better than what people reviewed. Good service, decent food, very affordable, and some what clean. \nYou are in the Chinese restaurant. Don't look for super clean.
Great local spot here in Gilbert, nice staff, good service, great food. Will be back soon!!!
Went here for drinks for one night. They called last call and 5 minutes later they kicked everyone out, making my friend chug her beer. And meanwhile it wasn't closing time yet. Very crappy service.
I've had better pizza in airports.  The sauce is too sweet and crust not crisp enough.  Pass!
Jason has been my accountant now for 5 years. He handles both my personal as well as my two businesses. I would never use anyone else. He has saved me a tremendous amount in taxes and taken a huge burden off checkbook and my shoulders with his strategies and advice.
Gary is honest, reliable and completes work fast. I have left my auto with him over a week to find it ready when I returned on Monday! Fast, reliable, dependable, and honest! Really great guy!! Thanks Gary for doing great work at really great and affordable prices
Vegan, it was a new experience for me to order a vegan breakfast and I enjoyed it. The space and location is good.  I would love to have the building for my business.\nIf you want to try something new, vegan, give it a go.
The business is now closed. There was red tape on the door from the city and their stuff was gone the next day.
As far as pizza in the south goes, this is pretty good.  It has cornmeal on the cust, but the slices are big and the toppings are killer, esp the sausage.  Neat \"gas station\" motif.
I've had my nails done here several times and have gotten both manicures and pedicures and have always left pleased with the service! From prior experiences with other nail places here in Vegas, I've become hesitant to have high expectations but Nail Country is an exception!
Honestly the WORST margarita we've EVER had.  Yuk. Had to put it on the bar and walk out.
I kept giving it a try. Always a disappointment. U want Banh Mi, don't go here
I had overpriced pho here. It was just ok. The noodles were over-cooked and the soup was just ok. I love my traditional pho. I would not come back here if I had the choice. Maybe for some other dish, but not for pho.
Fresh and fluffy donuts, amazing hours of operation, and an unusually nice location make this BoSa my favorite in town.
What a great little spot in Downtown Phoenix. We were just passing through and thanks to Yelp, we found this gem. The food was fantastic: eggs, pancakes and the corn cookie was heavenly. Will definitely be back.
Worst Target I've ever been to. Horrible layout.
Phoenix Flower Shop did a stellar job on our bridal flowers. Every item looked just  as I had described to the florist and we were even able to pick up a few loose stems at the last minute. Excellent!
IHOP has never really been a place that I get excited about going to but late at night when nothing else is open, their chicken fingers are divine.  I had a great experience at this particular location, the service was excellent, the facilities were clean, and the food was great.
Great food and drinks but when having a Martin they fill the glass about half full. Order wine and still poured short compared to other locations. Charging that much for a drink should at least get what other locations server
Wasn't much better this time. No one was working the cash register and the girl serving was flirting with the cook the whole time and made it Obvious they were sleeping together while ignoring me and other customers. Very rude to lady behind me and barely gave her any meat. Wish they was another location close by!
Wait to go here. They do not have the ability to handle a Friday night. Had reservations for 730. Left at 815. Not once did a manager come out to explain or apologize. Hopefully they will figure it out.
Decided to stop in and give this place a try.  They make really good sandwiches.  More importantly, however, the staff is amazing. They are really friendly and willing to have a nice chat while you order and they make your sandwich.  I would probably go back just for the service but the sandwiches are delicious as well.
YUM! My coworkers and I go here for lunch often and it never disappoints. I always get the meat salad with chicken. The salad is super fresh and delicious. The only thing missing on the menu is french fries!
They have pricing for super rich people.  You can go there and see lots of cool guns that are selling for significantly more than they would outside of Scottsdale.
I get coffee here (sometimes). I haven't died (yet). It's a good start.
Super bomb sandwichs. Great selection. Get the Shawn Michaels add Thunderbird sauce, it's not on the menu but trust me on this. Thank me later.
Love Hillside Spot! I typically do weekend brunch or a late lunch and the food has always been good.
Great food. Great service.   Pork shoulder was amazing and the pork appetizer was great.  We didn't have a reservation and had to wait but it was worth it.
It's simple people....  If you're in Phoenix, this is the place you must visit.  You won't regret it. Fantastic!
Great place. Great breakfast. My advice get there early and with appetite.
Fresh food and the service is great 90% of the time.  Only complaint is the frequent wait list.
had to go... I drank Tea :)
I appreciate the owner responding, shows character and he stands behind his product.
Looking for a church home and attended Mission last week. Heard the new Pastor. So disappointed that he attributed the growth of Mission to people inviting their friends...no mention of the Holy Spirit..didn't like the gimmick of the pizza cookie either. \nWhere have all the good exegesis churches gone??
The food was good and the service was also good.We read the reviews but decieded to go and check it out anyway,glad we did.
Stopped in for a little cake.  Busy and was not even acknowledged for at least ten minutes.  I did not even want to shop after that length of time, but decided to go ahead.  Was not worth the wait.
Excellent food . The lamb loin with saffron rice, dates and lentils were delicious. We also had hummus and eggplant appetizers. You will enjoy this restaurant.  Service was very good.
They are the absolute worst and they have horrible and I mean horrible customer service. The manger is just as rude as some of the employes. I haven't order from there in a long while and don't plan to until some changes are made.
Their UPS upcharge is the highest I have scene.  They charge almost double the normal UPS rate. Other UPS Stores upcharge is a lot less.
Nice lounge highly recommended cant wait to try the fruit bowl.... ok tried the apple bowl with peach cooler and mint... very very good thanks guys
I think the tools are the only thing keeping this place in business.   The appliances are overpriced and the clothes are horrible...\nThis place is the worse department store - just behind Kohls and Pennys..
Used to be a classic. However, it's come under new ownership and everything has suffered across the board. Average service, below average food and terrible atmosphere.\n\nNeeds a shot in the arm because it'd be a shame to see a classic Wisconsin supper club disappear.
Nice people but 1) the carne asada burrito has too much rice and beans in it and  2)  The rolled tacos were kinda squishy.  I am sticking to Roberto's for my taco shop fix even though Roberto's is nothing compared to the good taco shops in So. Cal.
Good sandwiches, fancy-type bread, not a large selection for the kids.  Ice cream seems okay, if not outstanding.  Reasonably quick and friendly service, more affordable than some of the other options in the area.
Insanely over priced salty meat that made me beyond sick. I've never been so ill from a meal in my life. It was $64 for buffet, dinner, one glass of wine and tip. No thanks.
Not bad...just average though.
My new neighborhood Zipps is just as good as my old one (Via De Ventura). The food is consistent, prices are fair, servers are friendly and attentive. They also have dozens of flat screens with all the games. We are lucky to have this location within walking distance.
comfy\n3 sets of elevators to speed up the process\ngreat bathroom\ntv in mirror\nseparate toilet & shower area\n\nclose enough to the strip to get to everything easily, but far enough away to not be obnoxious.\n\nshuttle service was nice
The only bad thing about this place is the que! Other than that the service is efficient the results are delicious and you can see them making it, pretty cool!! What a way to cool down after a day of walking around the city!
Pizzas are a little small and pricey. They're OK for being in the Phoenix airport.
Best beef ribs EVER!!!  I'm so happy to find this place in Vegas!!!  Absolutely incredible smoked meats!!!
It is clean and looks good. The Venetian and MGM Grand are nicer though. The bathroom was tiny. The iHome clock was broken. The tram to TI was defunct. Bed was very good.  The shopping is ok.  The price of the room though made it worthwhile to stay.  WiFi and the Gym are expensive.
Yawn.... This place used to be amazing. Now over priced like PF Changs. Won't be back.
When I stay at the Venetian in Vegas, I always have breakfast here.\n\nGreat coffee and omelettes! It's a bit pricey breakfast.... but then again, you're in Vegas!
Very fun and exciting I want to do it again!!!
Time: End of June, Sunday Brunch \nSmoked Bacon: 5 stars, was one of the best I've had\nPorridge: 5 stars, simple and yum.\n\nEverything else was close to at par. I won't be coming back.
Be prepared - hence the name...
Went here twice on my visit to charlotte. It's a younger crowd (mostly under 30) and gets crowded. The main floor was so crowded you could barely move and it was difficult to get to to the bar to order. The type of place you stop at on your way to somewhere else more memorable..
I enjoy the staff they are super friendly!  I love the food I'm  half German they've got it down now when they 1st opened it was not this good     Oh by the way the gluten free beer is amazing
Worst bucks ever.  Slow-bucks.  Been here several times and they are so inefficient compared to other establishments.  This place needs a management overhaul.
Good variety of yogurt and a some extra toppings I haven't seen at other shops.
Enjoyed the coffee did not care for atmosphere.
It's ok.... To few selections to call themselves an \"outlet\" also over priced!! The Beef Jerky Store Down Town is Much Better!!!!
Grand Lux Cafe is basically a slightly fancier Cheesecake Factory. The menu is very similar but some of the items have different names. Our server did a great job and the food was very good overall. I highly recommend the Chicken Royale but beware....it's huge!!!! Make sure you bring your appetite.
This only applies to their pho. It's basically hot water, meat, and noodles. There is no flavor whatsoever.
This Puck's is in Crystals at City Center, a retail/entertainment mall. I had low expectations, but it turned out to be a good meal with equally descent wine/beer selection. Service was attentive. An upscale mall dining experience. I'd go again. Reservations accepted on OpenTable.
Kickin' cottage ambiance and a fun menu. I love this place and always go back for more sooner or later. Just be careful going during the rush (they get packed, but you can make it happen).
Faye the cashier is one of the most uplifting people in retail I've ever come across. Seriously every time I'm in there she is so sweet! I work retail as well so I know how daunting it can be but this girl is so full of life! Anyway good job CVS for having an awesome employee!
What happened?!  I know I haven't been to Jamba Juice in a while, but the cups got smaller, prices got bigger and the 'original' recipes vanished.  Shame on you!  I don't think I am ever coming back again.
The airport is always packed...and security takes forever...but man a airport with slot machines...I heart you..
Not quite the Nathan's I grew up with in New York.  Disappointing.
Totally disappointing, especially after dinner at SW the night before. \n\nEverything was pretty average. The short rib was one of the worst I have had. \n\nService was decent, but would have liked to have enjoyed the food. ;(
Great little place in downtown Glendale.  Nice service and atmosphere.  A little different take on the menu, it list the type of sandwiches, then you decide if you want chicken or a burger on it.\n\nYummy sandwiches.  Another hidden jewel in Glendale.
Got this though Hilton honor promotion and not impressed with this hotel when we checked in our room. I'll stick to the signature at mgm grand hotel now on. Feels like I'm staying in park inn hotel here.
Went through the drive thru and this Filipino lady forgot to give me dipping sauce for my nuggets or napkins. So I kindly asked her, how come you guys never ask me if I need any sauce like other places? She said, don't tell me how to do my job. Easy cowgirl!
My husband and I ordered take out. I ordered chicken pad thai and my husband picked up our food. When he got home we realized they gave us the wrong order. When we called to let them know they were very rude and unaccommodating.
Wait is way too long. Needs more staffing and brighter customer service. I know economy is tight and all but removing sides for the $7 and $8 sandwiches for bagel chips...not impressed.
Love this place. I eat here with friends a lot. Tom Yum Soup is fantastic with butterfly shirimp. Pad Thai is good too.
I think they have a new chef because my shrimp pad Thai was overly sweetened and my friends chicken lad nah was bland. So sad.
Same like any other CPK you can find. Great service when I came here in November.
Great food! The Tagliatelle and the Salmon with lemon Risotto are two of my faves! The Chicken Parm rocks and is huge! Great brick oven pizza.
Clearly, I have psychic ability .  \nSlots A Fun is now Slots a Fun at Circus Circus.  \nJust how in the hell do they think this will make it better, I wonder.\nIf only I could use this psychic gift to reincarnate my stock portfolio.
You get good sushi for a really good price way better than RA more bang for your buck
Just say no. The food was aweful! Atmosphere was trying but LACKING!\n\nI will say my friend hadn't had Spanish tapas ever and thought it was okay, not great though.
Their Italian beef is so fresh even hours before they close.   I will not bash anyplace but Lobby's beef is much better than the old place that I used to go to for my Italian beef fix.  The crinkle fries are good, just wished they had RC on tap here.
Sadly, this place appears to have gone under :(  They are gone from the GrubHub website, their Facebook page is deactivated, they no longer answer their phones, and the storefront is covered in a large black sheet. Such a shame!
Had lunch here, food price was very reasonable for vegas and the atmosphere was great.
2 pm on a Thursday, no customers other than myself , and 3 employees standing at the cash register. No hello, no offer to help, just lots of personal socializing and all 3 looked me up and down while mumbling to themselves. Wow really..Hi haters! I'll never be back to this store again.
Second time coming here this week-delicious! I love the topping selection, how QUICK they cook your pizzas (I have a short lunch break), and how everything is a set price regardless of how many toppings you pile on. Yum!
Someone just wrote me a note to say that I didn't make a profit. No.... I didn't.... the review should've read. McDonald's wasted my time and kept my money which resulted in McDonald's making the profit!!!
Great  food. great atmosphere. lovely staff. I've been going to this place for years and it's always a good time. The prime rib is outstanding although this time it could have been hotter.
Everyone is relatively friendly and they are excellent at nail art. The only downfall is the the quality of their pedicures. I have had three here, and left disappointed after each. Overall it's cleanly and gorgeous inside!
The hotel is a maze. The service was awful. Seems the employees are just so miserable that work here. Between the room for two nights and the show tickets for BlueMan I spent $1200.00. I would expect a better experience for this amount of money. They also nickel and dime you to DEATH.
I am not a big sushi fan but my boyfriend absolutely loves this place. I love that you can get all you can eat at a reasonable price  and it includes appetizers and desserts. The quality seems good and service is fast....
Not that impressed...maybe this particular chain isn't too good. Meat was dry and way over cooked. Quantity was large but quality was ehhh.
slowest, worst service.  noodles all stuck together in a lump at the bottom of the bowl.  spring rolls were made before we got there which led to the wrapper being chewy, hard and stiff.  broth too sweet and we feel sick after eating there.  i have had way better pho.
Tried this place multiple times.  Many different items.  The only thing Worth remembering were the margaritas and the had pretty good service.
Dishes were really off and tasted overall pretty mediocre, in addition to waiting 20 minutes to get a check when empty as well missing two of our people in party to order (out of 3). Overall, just common hospitality is expected. Wouldn't recommend.
Came in for happy hour on a Friday night.  Margaritas tasted like lemonade.  Appetizers half off, came out after a very long time and we could tell they had been sitting in the window a while.  Service very inattentive and slow.  Better deals and better service had elsewhere.  Will never return.
Come here if you want amazing Mexican food for a reasonable price. We always get the shrimp ceviche, shrimp burrito, and quesadilla estillo del Rey. Everyone we've ever taken here says \"That's the best burrito I've ever had.\" And it seriously is. Try it.
Just moving to the area I was pleasantly surprised to find this Starbucks right around the corner. I have been here quite a few times now and the service is friendly although it can be pretty slow at times my drinks have all been spot on.
Finally got to eat here for a work event.  It was EXACTLY what everyone is raving about.  My steak was perfect and all the fixings were just as wonderful.  The waiters are very professional and the atmosphere is classic.  Treat yourself already!
Good sushi. Usually fresh. The waitresses are extremely sweet and helpful. I'm a regular and I never had a bad experience with them.
Food is ok but service sucks. Dont bother.
I love this store!  They definetly have something for everyone including a lot of things I haven't seen in other stores!  Carly and her staff were extremely friendly and I look forward to shopping their again!
The people that work here are amazing. All of them. They're not only friendly but they take care things. Great experience every time.
Worst restaurant in town . Staff were rude, service was slow and food was average. Won't be going there again.....
I was over at my girlfriends the other night and she had some. All I can say is wow! The cheese and the sauce were great. The crust was fluffy with a slight crispiness around it. I don't know how much it cost but I will be going back there!
My wife and kids ate here three or four times during our recent trip to Vegas.  Nice clean restaurant, good pizza.
It's a very nice and calm restaurant, almost chic kind of, but you can still go there in casual with friends or your loved one. The staff there are great and the chef is awesome! In my opinion, the price isn't too high compared to some very high class restaurant.
The Las Vegas roll is a must try, I have had them at many different places but theirs is my favorite! Just know that if you order sushi to go you do not get the happy hour prices.
Wings and nachos were good but our server was not so great... Overall was good but our server made it mediocre.
awesome front desk staff!  Very friendly in a sincere way\n\nRoom are great too.\n\nSort of walking distance to the strip, if it's not 100 degrees out, but I'd still opt for a cab.\n\nHighly recommend this place.
I thought I had doughnuts before. These things put everything I've ever had to shame. They are big and very tasty.
VERY clean place and the person behind the counter was very nice and helpful. The chicken is good and the menu has alot going for it. The only reason it's not 5 stars, is that the chicken is good, but not great. But hey, great friend chicken is rare ;)
We had a great meal here.  Excellent small dishes and staff.  We particularly enjoyed the pork cheeks, Kobe filet, and Colorado lamb chops.  We will be back!
Breakfast buffet for 16.50 with all regular delicious breakfast item. Good deal and the place is beautiful.
We were dissapointed.  We wanted to eat outside and were told to seat ourselves.  We did and found that there was food encrusted on the table tops and several tables had not been cleared.  \nWe went back inside and though the service was adequate, the food was bland and uninteresting.
I'm not going to waste your time with a long, drawn out, review.  Just go there.  Pony up the dough and go!  Best meal of my life.
Car wash was so so. Still had bugs on front and not wiped dry on inside of door handles. Pretty expensive for what you get. Wish I could find a good car wash:(
I brought a pepperoni pie home from Pat's once and it was completely forgettable. The sauce was average and, like the cheese, not plentiful enough. It wasn't any better cold the next day.
Love it and love the GF menu.  It's amazing how many dishes they have
Good food.  Good service.  Bad location.  Bad hoodlums in the strip mall where it is located.
Competent Italian food in downtown Madison. Had the mozzarella di buffalo salad and penne puttanesca along with a glass of Chianti. Quite good and reasonable prices.
Horrible service.  Rude and not very comprising with customers.  Kids wanted the Tuesday night ice cream special (half price after a certain time I think) , employee forced kids to wait for 5 minutes. While waiting, a large family walked in and proceeded to charge the family half price! I will never return to this place again!
Worst customer service I have ever had! If you have any requests the answer will be no! The guy manager could care less about people so don't waste your time. This is not from one single event. I used to be a regular but finally gave up on this place after being dissapointed time after time.
Saw 2 ROACHES my last visit, I will not be back!!!!!!! Change the name to Roaci!!!
Great food!! The Tadiq is my fav. Love the Cornish Hen also. The kabob and steak kabob are awesome!! Yummy !!!
Too expensive on most products. Example: new release of AC/DC's Rock or Bust, $16.99. At Walmart, $9.99. I used to enjoy going to Best Buy, but they have changed their store's into something I don't recognize anymore.
The chips and salsa were very good and the guacamole which is made fresh at the table was excellent. The atmosphere is great and the service was impeccable!
This is everything wrong about the postal service...uninspired staff, inefficient prodedures...would have been better served by trained monkeys.
Michigan fans beware!! This is a Buckeye-owned bar - don't be surprised if you come in wearing maize and blue and your food tastes a little funny. :)
Moved out a While ago ... Got hit with $800 moving out fees. Terrible Management lived there 3 years the last year was the worst. Loved our first year there Managed by Christina. Would not recommend after all there changes and rules and fees.
Employees are nice and the food is good but service is VERY slow. Expect a wait for your food and don't be surprised if something is missing or wrong about the order. As the only chicken place in the area, it's tolerable, but would not recommend unless you're desperate for chicken.
Really nice to find a bar with people country dancing in old town. I went on a Wednesday night and it was surprisingly busy. They played country music 95% of the time, and they had entertaining dancing contests that kept me entertained. My friends all had a nice time.
45 minute wait for a car I reserved a month ago??? Ridiculous.  The staff seemed unsympathetic to everyone.  In addition, there is a lot full of cars for club gold members.   Never again will I rent from this Hertz.
Meh. Long line, food is ok but it's no Five Guys, that's for Hoover Dam sure.
Great price, with help of Orbitz.com, good service, clean, nice pool, restaurant a little expensive,closed to everything central!
The 5$ pizza never fails! We've come here a zillion times and the pizza is delicious. I highly recommend it!
Fast, friendly, honest, cheap. Can't go wrong!
they suck  \nrude person at customer assistance desk\nwe pre paid round trip and yet they did not honor with just voucher number and email confirmation on our phone.
Great spot for one of a kind items that are arty yet wearable.\nHip yet practical.  And lots of stuff that was just plain fun.\nThank you Jerry for the hands on service.\nAnd you exquisite taste and style.
The staff was super helpful and friendly, the rooms were clean and cute and I loved all the pool areas.  I will defiantly try a 'stay-cation' here this summer.
Stephanie did an amazing job on my Porsche and bmw! I would definitely highly recommend her to all my friends and family, the price is good and she comes to you. I can get use to this every couple weeks!
Horrible location.  Lousy service. Manager is a jerk.  Won't accept coupons printed directly from Arby's official website.  I can't say enough bad about this particular location.  I love Arby's, but just avoid this location.
Loved this place!  Food was great and the service was top notch!  My favorite breakfast place in Vegas.
First time here and the service was horrible. Once we sat down it took 45mins to get out food and my food was cold. Talk to management and she straight up blamed the kitchen saying they are doing a menu change. No excuses my food was cold. The food was good so it gets one star.
Haven't been here in a long time, a lot of new options to choose from! \n\nThey were super busy when we came in but they were working fast and the employees were very friendly. \nWill keep in mind for future ice cream outings :)
I don't care for Samurai Sam's based on the very few times I have visited. The food is sad, oily and the portions are skimpy for the price point. \n\nThis location was empty even during peak lunch hours, that says something.
Nakama has OK sushi.   Nakama is noisy, the waiters take forever to serve you, and it's way overpriced. If you want authentic sushi go to CHAYA THE BEST SUSHI IN THE BURGH!
Much like a cattle drive....they charge a ridiculous fee to have ur flight changed...only fly when i need to. Customer service was not helpful.
Price was fair, but portions were smaller compared to other places. Quality was mediocre but edible, nothing outstanding. I would probably go somewhere else unless I was right in the area. Not horrible, not great.
No comments
Service wasn't that great and took a while to get sandwich.  That being said the sub was pretty good.  I would return, hopefully service will improve.
Hmm.  Why do people eat here? \n\nI guess they get their 1 star for convenience...  Other than that, *shrug*.  Though I never had their bubble tea.
I went there with a friend yesterday, I never been there or even heard of it, but it was great.  I had the Mozzarella Caprese Cibata it was unbelievable.  So I cant wait to go back and try something else
Great place! Friendly staff, always keep it fun, professional, and exciting! I've been going here for years! I recommend getting your hair cut by Bill O'donnell, he's amazing! I've been through countless hair stylists throughout the valley but no one compares to him! :D
This place is horrible
A top notch restaurant. It's worth it to go just for the frites. It has a nice ambiance, but it can be difficult to get a table.\n\nThe Sunday brunch is also really good, they make a great eggs benedict.
Meh...I love their drinks but I never go there hungry. Every time I hope the food is good and try something new and everytime I'm disappointed, its always really soggy and greasy...bleck!
It seems every time I head west for either golf or coming back from LA, I like to stop off and grab a number 1. The burger always has fresh produce and the fries are one of the best.
Sucks.  Worst wings I have had. We ordered take out for the game. They only drizzled sauce on top of wings and nothing else.
Pretty good breakfast place in the B terminal of Mccarran.  The egg white asiago bagel sandwich with Swiss, mushroom, and asparagus was wonderful, and a bargain at under $6.  They also have cookies and a coffee station.  The vanilla-hazelnut soy latte is smooth and sweet.
This place is the best foot massage place in Las Vegas.  It is very nice inside clean and with new hardwood floors.  They usually have some sort of Blue Planet HD movie playing.  I highly recommend this place.
Fantastic service. Amazing food. Try the shrimp three ways and you must finish with a piece of lemon cake.
On the road and need a Mac fix?  And I mean fix or fixed...  Nice people, smart people, know their machines.  Prices for repair and recovery are competitive despite the location.   My go-to Mac repair and last-minute-need-a-cable-or-adapter-store.
worst food ever. Even my boyfriend who will eat just about anything- did not finish his food. \nI paid $11 for a taco and enchilada, I ate perhaps two bites of taco and a third of my enchilada. NEVER again. Why does this place continue to get business?
These guys rock!  In an industry where women are so often ignored, they see us as riders first and foremost.  If they don't have what you want, they will order it, often with no obligation to buy it even if you don't like it.  Customer service at its best.
The employees here are helpful, whenever you can actually catch one on the sales floor. Good selection and low prices but the quality of the products isn't the best. Other stores in the area have started permanently matching and beating academy prices. I will be going elsewhere for the better service and more knowledgable staff.
Don't waste your time or money. I came here for my bday what a mistake that was. Bartender was on her rag and manager was a douche bag.
Great hotel. Close to many attractions and well maintained. Parking is a little poor though. The only reason for the 3 stars is that the Internet is abysmal at best. I thought a convention center would have half decent Internet, I was wrong.
Phenomenally good pizza. Tasted very fresh! Quite a bit over priced though. $45 bucks for two personal sized pizzas. There are definitely better values out there.
Really the best AYCE in KW! although I didnt eat any sushi like salmon or rare beef, the teppanyaki and dessert are awesome! Green tea pudding is a little sweet, but still better than others
The food was so-so.  The staff was friendly, though.
Upside: big, lots of stores, & great selection! Downside:  most of the toilets are broke, vending machines take money, & the little kiddie ride they have are either broke or takes your money!
I won't go back there again. First it took over 45 minutes to make a hamburger, then I ordered cheddar cheese and got provolone and finally when I went to bite into it there was a piece of paper in my hamburger yuck.
Out of the few different malls I visited while in the Waterloo area, this was probably one of the better ones. They had a nice selection at the food court and had all the essential shops. For high-end retail you should probably visit downtown Toronto.
Lunch special only  till 4 pm . $7.99. Okay food nothing special that would make me want to come back. Service was just OK. Overall, I have had way better thai food else where .
I guess it doesn't help that I despise shopping at Walmart, but dirty Walmarts take the cake. Yuck!
Update..well went back today, new clerk. He stated he was sorry for what I went through and that clerk could have done a better job. He also added that if she would have done her job she could have located my insurance so I wouldn't had to make a second trip.  Thank you.
Really a 3.5 score. Food - 5 star, server - 1, cooks (i sat in front of the grill) - 4. Worst server i have had in a long time, but the pizza was great, so its a wash with a median score. If i could have a different server, i would be back for sure.
Pho Bang NY became my favorite vietnamese pho restaurant in the town! you will see a lot of asians in there. I'd rather go to a restaurant where people know the taste go.
Jessica was fantastic. The salon staff all professional and friendly. A lovely, CLEAN salon. We're visiting from California, but we will be back. Thank you for a great experience. See you in August!!
Chris and Josh were really fun! No monotone action, they treated us like we were the only customers in the entire store! This is by far the best customer service I have ever had in a restaurant! Thank you! :)
Great biscuits and gravy! Itty bitty place, great home like feeling, but expect a wait.
I was in an emergency looking for pastries and got to Honey Moon Sweets as they were closing. Tim was super nice and opened again for me !\nTheir petit sweets are just what I needed, they look great for a party and taste amazing.
Welp Yelp ! This was an ok tasting Pizza but Ive had better. Maybe since Im from up North I really know what a good New York tasting Pizza taste like so maybe Im being a little harsh. The atmosphere was cool and Im not too excited on returning but its worth a try at the least.
The breadfruit was amazing.  A little on the expensive side ($80 for dinner for 2, 2 drinks each, and an app) but it is worth every penny.  Service was great,  drinks were some of the best I have ever had, and jerk chicken was so tasty. We will be back!
FOOD is awesome!  If you love organic healthy eats, this is the place for you. It is a bit pricey but unfortunately, organic food costs more.   It is a bit of a hike if you are just visiting but well worth the visit.  LOVE this place!
After entering I signed in and then waited ten minutes, and still no one acknowledged me.  So I went to front desk and said I was new to this service, she told me to fill out paperwork.  All the ladies behind the front desk were very busy chatting.  Where is customer service these days!
Three times they have left out items for our order. Strike three, we won't be going back. Food is ok about the same as a filibertos but without the competence of a hole in the wall restaurant. Too bad this was my wife's favorite place to go when she was pregnant.
Pricey place to stay. Expected to have wifi but only got a LAN line. Wifi cost extra. Poolside was not great as comparison to MGM which cost a lot less. Overall experience was okay.
The lions are lazy and boring. They just sleep most of the day. this place is way over hyped. Meh, At least its free.
We've shopped here for many years in the past but rarely anymore, they are getting too expensive compared to other Japanese/Korean markets in Vegas. Curious how they could stay in business.
The place has a great atmosphere but neither food nor service was up to the mark. It gets 3 just for the place and the place is really good for groups. Dinner portions are only for 3 or 6 people. There is no single serving size for dinner!
I really loved this place in Vegas!!! Altho it was one helluv a trip down the strip it was worth it the drinks were great and the food was cheap and good! We went during the day so it wasn't as busy but i wish we had had more time in Vegas cause I bet that place is poppin at night!
Good AYCE and sushi is very good.
By far the best steak I've ever had!! everything here is beyond expectation and the service here is world class!! Drinks are never empty and you feel welcome at every moment through the  evening ! this is my favorite steak house in all of the land!!
Had a wonderful meal. I sat at the bar and JJ the sushi chef just was amazing. I told him what I liked and he just made me special rolls. I will most definitely be back
Service wasn't very good, and their (advertised) delivery was not available (because the delivery drivers car broke down). Maybe as a sit in it would be ok but I was not impressed
Yep, this is definitely my favorite place in Madison for Mexican food. It's not only extremely good, it's consistently extremely good.\n\nThe place is pretty small, but I've only ever waited 2-3 minutes one time in all the times I've been there.
Another fabulous lunch! Count on zupas for the freshest meal with superb customer service!
Happy hour til 6 every day. Cool vibe, great wine list, awesome bruchetta. Garage door walls open up to patio seating. I'm sure we'll be spending some time at the Living Room now that we've found it.
Typical bar,nothing special....\nNice bar menu,over 10 draft beers and a lot of bottled beers as well. They have some famous PITT. Burgers that they are really proud of.\nOver all 3 stars.....not bad but not good at th same time.
I love everything about this place, from the changing menu to the melon sodas.  My favorite thing here is the pork belly with black bean sauce when he has it, and the pineapple ravioli.  Yum-o!
Breadsticks were dried out, house salad was pathetic but the Caesar was good. Most dishes were overpriced for what you get. My raviolis were drowned in sauce.  Service was slow and understaffed. The restaurant needs updated.
There close out fruits and vegetables are so affordable, I can eat them none stop.  I'm not the greatest on pricing for other items, but they appear to be reasonable.  The products that I did but were unique and flavorful.  Looking for other locations in the Phoenix area because I work all over the valley.
Great food, great service. Ask for Kathy... She is the most personable and sweetest waitress I've ever met.
I was visiting Surprise for the week and had a fun time and decent mani pedi as a walk in.  Pauline was great and did a good job.  I would come back.
Just a place to look at games\n\nI usually find them cheaper after waiting or purchasing them Pre-Owned
I decided I wanted to try out archery for the first time so I got the lesson deal from Groupon. I had Zoey as my instructor, and yes, as many of the other reviews suggest, Zoey is awesome. I had a great time so no complaints here. I'll definitely be going back.
An Omni hotel.  You know what you're getting.
Cool spot. Good selection of craft beer and cider. The Downeast cider is really good.
Overpriced food wasn't that great plus when we were seated there were chicken bones all over the floor and it sat there the whole time we sat at this establishment.  I will not come back to this mediocre place with bad service.
The decoration and the chocolate both fantastic. Decoration is pretty much whimsical and modern. I love every pastry: the color, display, tasty. I got some Christmas Presents for my family.
Really, no that great.  The sushi was bland and not impressive.  Service was okay, but it also was not impressive.  I have a few local places that have better food for the price.
Had a fabulous dinner here.  Service and food was great, enjoyed the surf & turf, which was incredibly delicious and very reasonably priced.
Overpriced and misleading. The \"gigantic banana and walnut pancake\" was a single regular sized pancake and the \"loaded with banana\" description meant 5 slices of banana. It was decent food, but not worth the price....
This place pissed off just because of the piss poor WiFi.  My phone has a better connection.Can't even stream iTunes.  Otherwise, not a bad place to stay in the middle of no where Az.
Over priced and disappointing. I've had better fish at Long Johns. Fried oasters were fishy and soggy. The crab soup was bland. The only thing that was good was the onion rings.
Bad attitude!
More than I expected. Clean and neat. Many machines and weight machines all in excellent condition. Very sanitary. Clean well equipped locker rooms. Friendly helpful staff. Plenty of parking.
Love their burgers and fries. Their burgers are huge so we normally get little burgers and regular fries. One time we ordered large fries and it was basically the whole bag so we learned our lesson. This is our local go to burger place. I think it's even better than In N Out.
Bad service. They know its a 30 minute wait but they tell everyone 15 minutes. Wont be back.
Used to be the best now I don't know what's going on over there. Haven't been on time the last three times. An hour estimation and they get here in 30 minutes now an hour estimation and they're a half an hour to an hour late every time, WTF?!?
The service is terrible, and the ladies are so unfriendly.  However, they have awesome \"head-on\" shrimp.  They used to have such fresh food with a great variety, but over time their food selection has deteriorated, and the food no longer looks fresh.
Oh dear!
Very POOR service... I really didn't want to give them a star, it's only because it wouldn't let me leave a review...  Waited from 12:30am till 2:20am to finally get car...
Been here many times over the years so maybe I'm just a bit bored with the menu.  items are good, miso cod probably my favorite.  If staying at PH it's convenient.
Great Pizza,  SUPER YUMMY Mac N Cheese!!   If you haven't tried it - you're missing out!!  The  salads are super tasty as well.  Mac N Cheese is where its at though!!
I thought the casino was pretty creepy.  The employees were great, but the customer mix was really bizarre to say the least.  I didn't feel very comforable in there.   Probably just me though.
We were looking for some good chinese food after eating all american and mexican cuisine for our trip  found this place through yelp.  If you are looking for good authentic Chinese food, this is the place to go.  Good menu selection and reasonable priced,
Good breakfast\nClean\nBut add stingy on towels and bathroom supplies.\n\nOkay kind of breakfast\nCoolers and room a.c. worked
Given that my wife grew up in Chandler, I was surprised that we hadn't found this place earlier.  Awesome!
Nicest and most caring vet that I've ever been to in Pittsburgh..
Pure institutional crap. Use a real egg - damn.  Please put down the salt.
They are really good at their job, as well as honest and kind. They have strong sense of responsibility as well. I heard they are local and family owned.  If you have a bad luck and need to go to body shop, they will Compensate your bad luck. Really recommend.
The food was great!  The advertisements saying its cheap... Kinda misleading 2 burgers, 1 large fry, 2 regular drinks was $21.00.\n\n(I will say that the portions are excellent.)\nSo that does help justify the price.
Love this place! Employees are so friendly! Place is clean food is good. Love the pasta salad!
Excellent place - meet is fresh and the owner has the best fresh logs of mozarella cheese. I tried their beef, pork, and other cuts alll very good.
Awesome place!  Close to the airport. Good food with great service.  The whole family enjoyed it.
Made 2 appts n waited all afternoon for them then got txts saying they cant make, not wasting anymore time on this unreliable service
This place isn't here anymore! This is the 5th time on our trip that yelp has do e this to is.
Good sandmich... But now, after three visits, order same APPOLLO 13, No, consistency here. It's good but different everytime I get my sandmich,as far as toppings,just say put all on it like stated on menu and its different each time.... Lol
Without a doubt, my favourite and most frequented takeaway in Edinburgh. I haven't sat in but if they serve the same food in the restaurant that I get at home, you'll love it. Always fast delivery and never disappoints.
I really like this location. The staff is friendly, rooms are clean and welcoming and it's conveniently located near other shopping and restaurants.
Very disappointed with Krispy Kreme. Went to the bell location and came back with day old donuts. They were soft but still, there was no glaze or warmness. Not going to this location again.
Donna was attentive, friendly and upbeat. We always enjoy coming here. We had a little mishap with one of our dishes but Kady took care of us. Hands down the best service every time we come! Thanks Donna!
Food was reasonably priced for Strip food. The gimmick is OK. Server was good but seemed like the kitchen was on break. Waited 40mins for 2 entrees. Otherwise, not bad.
Restaurant is closed with a for lease sign in the window. Must be recent as hotel concierge recommended it!
Very over salted, probably microwaved too. Salmon tartar tasted like garbage..... Definitely would not return. No wonder it was completely empty. Staff was friendly and service was fast though, so that's worth one star.
Another Montr\u00e9al smoked meat institution. They have nothing on Shwartz and they don't brine their own brisket, but it's still a damn good smoked meat sammich with Cott cherry cola. Never had anything else on the menu. It's all about the brisket.
Awesome field.\nGreat staff. \nBest price.\n\nOur team plays there pretty much every weekend. \nFacebook.com/lightsoutairsoft
Mediocre at best --   There are much better Indian restaurants in the city
wholesome, comforting, generous and especially warm service... the best portuguese chicken in Montr\u00e9al with a spicy kick. Youm!!
My favorite place in Vegas! Anytime someone visits this is on the agenda. Growing up all over Europe, I was missing a good curry aioli until I found this place. Atmosphere, entertainment, personality and killer food, this place has it all.
The slowest bar ever ...\nNot busy at all =\nA cup of water = 10 minutes\nSalad = 40 minutes\nevery time :(
Great location for Spring training, but when they are gouging you for over $300 a night, your room should be ready for check in before 5:00 pm.  Does this mean I can check out at 5 pm?\n\nIt smelled musty too...
Out of business as of may 2009
Great Service and knowledgable staff.
Fantastic service, very clean and the food is incredible!!! Great experience, nice to visit a restaurant that makes you feel special!
From the appointment process, to the counseling to the finished work, Dr Tim and team are the best I've ever found. I've probably seen 20 or more dentists in at least 5 States.  As far as I'm concerned, healthy smiles has no competition. Fabulous experience every time!
Pizza Hut tastes better. The service was horrible and so was the pizza. Hopefully Metro Pizza will put this place out of business. Blah!
Because it's just that simple.. Try the rest stick with the best think mr insurance for all your insurance needs. Open 9 am to 8 pm Monday through Saturday. Close Sundays and major holidays 602-279-4322 give us a call. Support your local insurance agent. Thank you, The staff.
Love this place! Their prices are the absolute best and Carl is so sweet! He put a screen protector on my phone so quickly and precisely. Love this place!! Will definitely be back
I love Harris Teeter but this store is one I really don't care for. Service is awful. Manager is terrible. Store is older and needs to be remodeled.
Dinner? Check. Breakfast? Check. If you need a meal while staying/visiting the Fremont Street area, Magnolias at the Four Queens is a great classic casino cafe. Service is fast and friendly and the food is good. We've been a number of times and will be back again in the future.
I LOVE Luv-It Custard! Best hole in the wall oce cream ever!
Wow, i expected so much more. Bad food and servers that didn't know what they were serving. One of the people with me said it was the worse chicken she had ever had.\n\nToo bad, cute place and great fries, but that isn't enough.
All in all this was a great experience. We were initially nervous because it was not very busy. We had a small party of 4 that was seated immediately with no reservations. The staff was attentive and the food was very good. Will definitely go back.
Long story short STAY AWAY from this gym.  Worst gym/customer service I have ever experienced. -5 stars
I used to love this place and eat here all the time. But over the past year this place has been consistently disappointing with the quality of food served. The amount of meat that they put in their salads and pitas  is now about half of what it used to be. Not eating here again.
Teacher Appreciation discount was great!  Love going to the downtown store; so massive and filled with awesome clothes.
Ordered a large pizza with extra cheese for take out last night.  The pizza was smaller than most large sized pizzas. The crust was like cardboard and there was very little cheese. $15.00 for a very lousy pizza.
Always has what I need, friendly staff.. Clean restrooms.. & a cool place to hang while deciding if the read or mag is worth it over a nice cup of coffee..
I love the beer selection & the food. The atmosphere is laid back and visually interesting. \n\nThe staff is awesome, especially LEG & JUAN CARLOS (hi boys!).
I've frequented this shooting range about 5 times. The customer service is great, the staff are knowledgeable (for the most part), the price for the range is very reasonable (I usually just pay for the bullets when I bring my own firearm) and I've never had to wait. I am a loyal customer (:
Good beer and good seafood choices!  Much better than the casino's seafood buffet on Friday at French Market.  Try the crab cakes!  Good size oysters too!
Very rich food and quite overpriced for what it is. Atmosphere is ok but nothing special
Chouette ambiance. Pas en plein centre donc un peu plus calme et plus facile pour trouver de la place. Possibilit\u00e9 de manger haggis ou fish and chips.
Disappointing is an understatement.
Yuck!  If we weren't in a hurry to eat and go see Rita Rudner, we'd have never come here to eat.  I didn't like any of the food I ate, and I would say the highlight of the meal was my plain white rice from the asian food stand.
My go-to sushi place!!! Best all you can eat in town :)
Pizza was soggy and not very flavorful.
I'm sleepy so this will be short and concise. Had the garlic mushroom omelet. It was delicious! Nice patio to sit and eat breakfast. Will definitely be back!.
Sushi Combo B. Solid choice and value for lunch.
The place was a little dirty and the food wasn't as good as I thought it would be. On the positive side, the staff was nice and I believe we were greeted by the owner upon arrival. I would not go back again as the food made both of us sick.
The park is awesome and its a great addition to uptown, a great atmosphere overall and it will be even better once the knights stadium is completed, so happy to see Charlotte growing
First time here today. Nice people, good service, excellent pizza and salad.  Also a cool interior and design.  Thumbs up.
Great service! Friendly atmosphere, love coming to see Anna! Always get gel manicure and it stays for at least 2 weeks, if not longer
Clean with a lot of things to keep the kids busy! Would be nice if they had more parking. The splash pad is a blast for the kids and there are a lot of covered picnic tables.
Very good food and pastries !! You can't be claustrophobic! Definitely will go again!
Love the stores selection but HATE how the girls chase you around to tell you their sales. If I wanted to know I'd ask !!!
This is a very good place. Barley soup, pickles, and Mandelbrot were excellent. Sandwiches were also good. Definitely coming back.
So Basically, Brown is the New Black and H&M is the new Forever 21.
the beer on tap was mostly hoppy...I would never recommend Mangers Cider...outside of that, the bar is great board games to play and is quaint.  I really appreciated all of it's ambiance.
Fast friendly service! \nI had a pocket seam unravel in a leather jacket and the nice gentleman was able to repair it like new! I would recommend them to everyone. Thanks.
Visited my buddy in Arizona came here for his birthday dinner. Group of 20.  Wait was more than 2 hours food wasn't any faster. Maybe their lunch is better.
PUT A MENU ONLINE!\n\nFB page doesn't work - hurting takeout business!
Lots of older ladies work here. If your in your late 40's you might want a hair cut here. I mean you get what you pay for but still it's not for the younger crowd. Nice older ladies tho
Tried the American Chopsuey, tad too much sweet sauce for my taste.\nThe fried rice was spiced right
This is italian cuisine executed to perfection. Definitely the best if not top 3 BYOB's in Pittsburgh area. Although I have only dined here once, I always find myself wanting to return and try other menu items!
It's quiet, green, smooth and quick. But it doesn't really go anywhere you'd want to be unless you work for RBS or the Scottish Government. Will revise my opinion when it reaches Leith, or even better, the Southside.
First time eating here last night. Started off with the hummus for an appetizer and got the gyro for my main meal. Everything was excellent..
Was looking forward to this experience, but made the mistake of going there really hungry.  The waiter took soo dang long without even giving us any water or anything that all 6 of us got up and left.
Great value and menu and delicious!
$26 for a midori sour.  Are you kidding me?  Also too crowded for my tastes.
I plan on staying here in January at a 2bedroom hospitality suite.  I am mainly asking the reviewer below if he has any pics or could you describe the room?  The website sadly only has 1 picture and no floor plan.\n\nthanks for your help!
Our I pad was stolen out of our room by a staff member! Nice place, but we are out a 400 dollar iPad!
Extremely dissapointing! For $120 I expected an actual jump. This was more like an extremely controlled descent. Not worth the price at all!
triple decker toasted cheese sandwiches are on the menu.  that should be enough to get you in there.  also, they make tater tots crispier than breaded-deep-fried bacon served on a bed of captain crunch.  on tuesday nights they have acoustic live music which is always good.  see you there.
Great view of the Bellagio fountains. Food and service was a total missed.
Great place for soups, salads or breakfast . I had a huge breakfast here for only $9 and it was only $1 more for a delicious coffee to go with it! The service was great and the atmosphere very comfortable. Plenty of room and big windows .
Karaoke Q is the best place to sing, drink, get drunk, and drink sing karaoke songs. Ask for David, he explempifies Korean customer service.
The staff make this place fe very Italian, but the food and drinks fail miserably. I could not taste any alcohol in my Baileys and coffee. Our deserts were not that great either, Apple Crepes that were cold and tiramisu that was thin and dry.
Good outdoor place. Okay food
This place has been going down hill for awhile which is a shame as I do love the JD menu.  I think we have reached full hood status here.
I had a fantastic deep-tissue massage from Taylor at Reflecting Hands!! It could NOT have been any better, Amazing!!! I highly recommend Reflecting Hands. The massage is extraordinary and prices are reasonable!! Patricia H.
I was looking forward to checking this place out. The prices are decent and heard good things. So my expectations were high. While the burger was good it wasn't great, it didn't wow me by any means. The Burger spot inside New York New York is much better.
The food is so so, i always order either the shrimp lo mein or the kung pao chicken. Never disappointed, Except for when i forget to ask for no celery because they use wayyyyyy too much celery in everything. Service is always good and the people working behind the counter are always friendly.
workers are pure evil - don't piss them off. drug dealing in the open, bring cash. junkies sleeping next to you - don't wake them. this place needs a security guard and better employees. ugh. go to the Stanwix location, you need the walk after any meal served here anyway - be good to yourself.
Food is good, I haven't had a bad experience. They have a low calorie healthy burrito which I get a majority of the time. Service is friendly and quit to assist.
Yes, the menu prices are over the top.\nThe food is good.\nLots of menu selections ... with good service.\n\nIf your 401K plan or IRA account, has held its value, you'll be able to\nafford eating here.
If you're considering trying this place out DON'T!  The management is rude, the ambience is bad and the prices are out of line for portion and quality.
My husband and I LOVE the Arcadia Tavern!  Great food, staff and atmosphere!
Came here twice and was forgotten in the waiting area, even when the restaurant was half empty. Never coming back again!!!! Food can't be that good to be disrespected like that.
Asked what the price would be for 4 dry cleaned shirts when i dropped off. Told it was 6.15 per shirt. I said that seemed very high. When picked up  they charged me 31.00. Outragous for 4 short sleeve mens shirts. I won't go back.
the spa itself is nothing special, very small but they have everything you need. the service was great, we started it off with a full tour and they were always stopping and asking if i need anything.
Finally somewhere with oatmeal (already very sweet without caramelized sugar) and excellent fluffy pancakes - and I dislike pancakes.
I love thai food but i would not come back again. The food is too sweet and the taste is not that good as the reviews are showing. The only dish i liked is chicken satay
Top 5 in the city.. This place has it covered from great selections on the menu to great food to great service. The staff is on point. Definitely get the seafood tower and the king crab gnocchi.
When in Vegas, pass by this bar! Great beer choices. Too bad they dropped the preset \"4 course meals\", now you can assemble your own \"flight\" of 4 tasting glasses. Our waiter was great and took the time to find the perfect matches together with us.
This place is more authentic than you'd get in some other places. The rolls are good not amazing and same with the Nigiri and sashimi. However the guys behind the bar are so fun. Ask for Kenny because he will show you a great time! The food was good but the entertainment from the guys behind the bar was priceless.
One of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  Fusion.  Quesadilla, enchiladas, margaritas, service all excellent.  Thanks you for doing a great job.
Very professional, yet casual doctor's office. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. I have never felt so at ease in a doctor's office.
I like stopping here after hitting the Total Wine & More.  It's a great place to have a beer, (nice selection of IPA's and more).  The menu is varied and interesting.  The service get's a 5.  Yep... I'm a FAN.
Great food! I would have given a 5 stars but the table, chairs, bathroom and one of our cool aid mugs was dirty. I will still come to this place though.
Best Ramen in Las Vegas. Then again there aren't many here. Love the miso ramen. I'm going to try the tonkatsu with the thicker noodles next time. I'm not a fine of the thinner ones.
Well just came in for a basic balance and rotation and it TOOK 3 HOURS it only took them 20 minutes to do but 3 hours to pull into bay reguadless walk in or not that's is unacceptable!
First timer at this sub shop and was worth it. Got the chicken parmesan sub and the bread was very good with fresh ingredients. Worth a another trip sometime soon.
Kind of skeptical when I went here with the parents. The food was pretty good. Fried food done at its best and the Caesar dressing had a lot of lemon juice in it which is my favorite. Our order kind of lagged but I have nothing else to complain about...It's 24 hours and its not denny's
Good food, poker on Saturday half price drinks and appatizers make it a solid evening at a decent price.
There are much better yogurt shops to go to. Prices are higher than average and their froyo isn't that great. Also, don't be fooled by their $.99 or \"free\" deals. They don't honor it sometimes.
Decent for a chain, food really salty thou and the prices are higher than 'typical' chiense places but the quality is a lot better,
All the offices are packed with people and is never easy to get an apointment right away. The front desk people are rude and lack of compassion and understanding and they just want to have a reason to reschedule patients. I never go back to this practice again.
I love me some red velvet bundt cakes!!! I'm not into sweets much but this is my favorite dessert for special occasions. It's light and fluffy bundts and creamy cheese frosting makes it all worth the price. I also love their marble cakes.
Guy at the front door was a jerk. For lack of a better term. Got straight up lied to about the cover charge. Someone should fire the guy if they want to make any money.
I have yum cha here about once a month. The portions are quite and good and the food is generally consistent. There is no rhyme or reason in the order that they bring out the food and sometimes you find yourself waiting 30 minutes for a dish to come out. But that's all part of the yum cha experience.
Patty is amazing! I've been looking for a well rounded massage therapist that can carry the workload of both relaxing and deep tissue therapy! If you're an athlete and looking for someone to ensure you can give it 100% everyday without fear of injury than Patty will get you there!
The chicken I got here had a hint of what seemed to me of burnt plastic. I couldn't quite figure it out. The vegetables I got (rather than rice and/or noodles) didn't seem to be cooked correctly like at other Panda Express locations. \n\nService was good, everything went smoothly there.
Great vibe, great food, great wine. Get there early.
Hmm... I'm not quite sure what this is supposed to be, but I guess the closest comparison is to a piece of soggy bread. The tiramisu was good, but a restaurant shouldn't take pride in its desserts being better than its signature product.
Everything on the menu is bland and overpriced.  Three of us spent $40 collectively, tried nearly the entire menu and did not like one single item. Better off staying home and cooking frozen food.
I love this place. Food is delicious and you can't beat steak and shrimp for $11.99!!!
See Mesa TV & Appliance review.
I love coming here! It's close to my work and there's never too long of a wait. Ask for Anita! She's great!
If u r n a hurry skip this place. Staff is rude and they are out of lots of items. I would not come here again.
I have been in this place several times and have had mixed experience. The service here is not so great. I had a question about a video game for my nephew and I felt like I was putting the clerk off by asking questions. The store was a bit disorganized, but I would expect that for a Saturday afternoon.
The best cleaners in the west. Sometimes you may have to wait but your clothing is done with the utmost care. Very friendly. They care about their clients and your clothes.
Food quality was not great. Definitely better options in Scottsdale. Everything seemed a bit watered down compared to other brunch spots around town.
UGH! never order delivery and they couldn't give a single care in the world! cold and messy. Pizza is great if you order from a different location or go and pick it up!
meh. got recommended vanilla taro milk black tea by the woman there. She was really very nice but the tea was not.\nthey time their tea steeps though so that's awesome.
Okay dated place with so so airport food. Was flying the red eye back to Atlanta and wanted to eat before my long overnight flight. Waitress was nice but didn't go out of her way to be friendly.\nThe place really needs a remodel or at the very least new seat cushions!
Good service and tasty food.  My personal favorite is the chicken heart.  It is so tender and delicious.  The flavor is just right.  It definitely hits the right spot when you are craving for something light and flavorful.  I will come back for more rounds!  My only wish would be for them to open later
Good pizza, which you can order thin or deep dish, great fries (called \"nuclear fries here, and for good reason!)\r\n\r\nClose to the airport, so makes an easy last stop.
Not your typical Las Vegas Strip show. If you want different this is the show for you.  Kept me entertained, different stuff happenings to keep you wanting to see what's next.
Gold's is a nice lounge, but there is something missing from this place that makes it kinda blah over all, but was a nice place to grab a quick drink with friends.
I am docking a star for not having one wine on the happy hour menu! What is up with that!
This place needs to be on The Food Network show, \"Restaurant: IMPOSSIBLE\" ... I need to remind myself not to eat here in the future unless its free... and even then.
I love a hotel where the cashier sits behind bulletproof glass.  Nothing makes me feel safer.
Great service.  Lunch was a value for the money and very tasty.  Nice ambience with modern decor.  Went at 1 pm and the parking lot was full!
Had a comfortable time staying here. Of course, front desk could have been friendlier but you know what? Everything during the stay was adequate, including the Continental Breakfast in the morning.
The service is very slow, and some locations don't truly honor the Tuesday Special. Don't wait in a long line like I did for nothing! I drove to 3 locations today! Not good!!!
Very friendly and professional. Excellent value, but the service doesn't suffer for such a low price. Will definitely go again!
Horrible drive thru! I waited 10 mins after i paid before they told me the fryer was not on and they were unable to service me.
really good pizza indeed
Great customer service by Doran\nHe was courteous and super friendly.\nThe food was fast and delicious.\n\nTry the spicy pork buns!
I have given this place 3 tries and they just suck.   It is expensive paper thin average fish and no personality.   Save your time and money.  Go anywhere but here.
Best Smoked Meat in Montr\u00e9al.
The 4-5 times we've been here, we have always received prompt and friendly service. The menu has good variety and plenty of choices. The food is great and comes in portions too big to finish. I highly recommend Sir Hobo's for breakfast.
Super slow service compared to other EBs. IlI go to the one on Sahara even though its 10 minutes out of the way next time.
This was my 2nd visit to B&B.  B&B isn't cheap, but if you want a superb meal with excellent service, you cannot go wrong.  I ordered from the pasta tasting menu and wasn't disappointed.  I especially liked the craft Italian beers.
I was very impressed with the service and food. St Francis provided a delicious meal and beautiful ambiance that was just right for a group of clients after work.
Been here one time and will not return. Our server was accommodating and friendly. The sushi did not taste fresh and our hot saki was served cold. The atmosphere is rather drab. We left still hungry and dissatisfied. There are better sushi restaurants downtown.
Its a pizza hut what do you expect. Alot more than was delivered here. We had a party of 12 and there were 2 slices of pizza on the buffet line. The pizza was typical pizza chain fair.
Worth every penny for the head, shoulder, back, foot massage and head shampoo.  More spa like than most of the average foot massage places.  The head shampoo should be tried at least once.  It was so relaxing I dozed off.  They even dry your hair for you.
The worst Einstein's I have ever been to.  The staff is sullen, rude, and actively tries to avoid eye contact to avoid helping you.  The staff seems frustrated just taking your order.
Saw this place on triple D & had to try it out it was just ok. The prices pretty good for the quality of the meat you get, but they need to spice it up a little more it was just a little plan to me. But that's me try it out yourself & see.
This company does not return calls and does not fix the issue in a prompt manner. I wish I never called this company. Save your time and call someone else. Terrible customer service.
We dined here as part of a large party and had buffet style price fixed option.  Food was terrible and not anything resembling Cajun.  I would not return if they were giviing it away for free.
Solid sake menu and the staff was helpful in deciding which one to go with. Sushi rolls had an interesting spin but nothing out of the ordinary.
Mega resort that for some reason had an overpowering aroma of syrup the three days I was there in the main lobby. Staff is exceptionally friendly and ground and rooms are well kept. Drawback is size - the place is absolutely massive so expect a lot of people at any given time. Great for conferences, probably not so much for family vacation.
Love this salon! Always a great cut and color. The prices are good too. Always a great experience when I come here. They are really friendly and a lot of fun.
Best cupcakes in LV! I ordered the cupcake sundae: cupcake: red velvet ice cream: salted carmel. So they serve it in a cup cut the cupcake in half and serve the ice cream in the middle. Very interesting and tasty!
Food was not bad, but not really good either.
I treat myself to at least 1 massage a month, I have had plenty. Of them all, my massage at the Bellagio was the best one yet. It was 90 minutes of pure bliss, the massage therapist was on point. I can't wait to go back!
I've been seeing Tracy over 3 years and I've never left disappointed. I let her do her thing with my color and it looks great. I have long hair and she's never chopped it off either (that's always a fear seeing someone new)
I order a torta of carnitas and it was not what I expected. The tacos are good.
Such an amazing experience! AWSOME in every way! A bit expensive! Lots of fun, fun, fun!!! Everyone working there were so nice and friendly! I drove the Ferrari and my husband drove the Lamborghini! Soooo cooool!!!
AMAZING FOOD. Everything we got was amazing. I'll have to write an updated review with a list of everything we got because we tried a bit of everything. However, what stood out to me the most was the oxtail fried rice. Yummms :)
Never actually visited this place after seeing the pictures posted here. $15 per person and the animals are behind chain link fences? No thank you!
Our waiter Jason was great however I was not a big fan of the hokey pokey dance the staff had to do.  It was a bit loud but it helped drown out the sound of the man behind me hacking up a lung. It was high energy and a nice change.
***As an update the Manager has contacted me and apologized for not following through on the night of the incident it sounds as if there was a little miscommunication with some of the staff. He has offered to take care of us if we come back. We will be going back to see if they make things right.***
do not use these people to finance  your vehicle.  They do not fully disclose fees and terms and when you get to the end of your loan you will have a surprise.  Unethical
They just hired a couple REAL dumb females there.  They had attitude with certain customers, ahem, attractive women, flirted waaaay too much with the men and just didn't seem like they fit in with the rest of the professional staff.
Don't rent a car from this group. Waited 45 minutes (35 people behind me in line) and was finally waited on by a rude, condescending employee (substitute other word here ). I cancelled my reservation on the spot and went to Alamo. No problems there.
I love Happy Nails.  The prices are great, the ladies are always nice, and I love being able to just drop in for a mani or pedi whenever I am in the mood.  Their new massage chairs are very relaxing, too.
A pretty basic buffet and probably the worst in town but it's cheap and there was enough here for a decent breakfast.  The kids liked it and it's definitely family friendly.
Teppanyaki grill is like sex... Even when it's bad, it's still good! Haha. Good food, pretty good service and was cheaper than most teppanyaki spots.
wow was expecting good food from the reviews i read, but wasn't expecting this i ordered the new york strip massive, parents ordered veal picatta and filet mignon and french onion soup which wasn't salted at all. all amazing steaks cooked perfectly. will go back again in a heart beat.
Delicious food, great vibe, and the absolute best service! Never had my glass lower than half gone.  They were quick on picking up plates and would give you new plates and chopsticks with every order. Wonderful all around!
I got the room for $69.00 just for playing my Vegas i was worth the price and had the pool veiw
Uninspired food, cold inattentive service. I will not come back.
Very good icecream shop to stop at before you hit up the movies or just want to hang out! Had the chocolate chip cookie dough in a waffle cone, very very good!
Great food and awesome prices and value for money at lunch.\nQuick service and rightly called Thai and delicious.\nwill visit again :)
I have never seen such a worst buffet restaurant in my life. Very few variety of food with just 2 starters and no dessert.10.99 for this buffet restaurant is just waste of money.
Good food, HORRIBLE service. \nYou can get both in other places...
Oops! This Church's Chicken Restaurant has been closed for over a year!
Horrible!  Salad bar is not fresh.  Chicken tastes like took a bath in salt.  For 20$ a person I expect more.  Just plain bad, will never go back.
The food was just okay... Honestly how can screw up Chicken that's why I ordered it!!! Because it's Simple!!! Good thing our waiter was cool though!
Very cute decor, and a nice view in the middle of the day, but the drinks are mediocre at best.
They were so nice to us when we picked up food on the way home from the airport (and were late because we made a wrong term).  PF Chang's is comfort food for me.  I always like the orange peel shrimp, the hot and sour soup, and the szechuan asparagus.
Errrrrr  - i think its had its heyday a long time ago. The DJ was cool and a girl! Good music choice, but bad transitions. It seemed that the crowd was uh, larger...
Been back several times, still holding up! The 'Red Chili Pork Posole' is truly awesome! The Pork Adovado is great too. Now that it is winter time, I've found the interior to be way too cold - I end up keeping my coat on which sucks!
Great service and pricing. I would recommend anyone at least stop by before taking your car elsewhere.
Nope not a fan of this place! Pizza was OK but for sure not worth the price! I wouldn't venture back here anytime soon. This place is at the cosmo hotel and casino 3rd floor.  Lucky i didn't have to wait in long lines. I ate half of the pizza and the rest in the trash..
One thousand plus reviews later, does Bouchon really need another one? YES! Because it is THAT awesome. Chicken and waffles, croque madame, french toast, raspberry beignets, it was all AWESOME.
I adore the staff at this place!! Great food as well.
LOVE! After moving to Arizona 8 months ago and trying multiple nail salons, I have finally found \"THE ONE\"! They use inserts in the pedicure tubs, and replace after every customer! They even have sparkles on the ceiling!
I was surprised how good the food was. Great service very friendly people.
Breakfast with emphasis on healthy and organic options, otherwise very limited choice and selection.
Good looking wait staff, big place.  Beer overpriced.  Sound system substandard.  Video system poor.  Oversold venue full of plaid western shirt wearing children.  Don't believe I'll return.  Sorry Toby, your joint sucks.
We have been taking our infant son here since he was 11 weeks old.  The staff is so welcoming and very nice.  Our instructor, Andrew, is great.  He makes sure to interact with each of the babies AND the parents in his class & I really like that about him.\nWe are looking forward to a long relationship with Hubbard in Mesa.
The food sucks. They brought us bread that was stone cold. The entrees had too much salt and the service was average at best.
Great nightclub and the inside is nice.
Didn't go into the bar just ordered outside at the drink booth. Huge drink- half a yard, i believe, around $36. Bar tender knew some cool tricks, was very friendly. Plus you get a cool take home enormous cup. I'd order one again ;)
Dropped in for lunch with a friend while in Charlotte on business. Very loud, but good service and a very tasty Monte Cristo sandwich.. but very loud.
Great food it was a little under staffed but we enjoyed it. The three dips are amazing!
Great local vegan place. Try the chicken parm with curry pasta salad.
We came here the day after New Years for their brunch special and waited an hour for our food...and then food came out cold. I will not be back
Pretty solid soup dumplings, and definitely worth the price, but I prefer the location on Lincoln.
We were going to try Olive's last night but found they have gone out of business.
I love this place! $5 Burger and a Beer at Cafe Cortez is delicious and flame-grilled, and available at any hour. Best value on Freemont Street and the Hotel rooms are clean. Elvis Tribute Artist in the Parlour Lounge! Viva El Cortez!
Roasted Veggie Salad.. Yum!!!So glad I stumbled in here.The staff was very friendly.Our server Christine was very sweet and had some great menu suggestions.I will definitely be back!!!
We got there 15min before closing and they were able to serve us and were so pleasant! Their tom yum ga was amazing and pad see ew was good as well. Can't wait to go back.
Loved pool mon to wed then they put on a dj a bad one at that just noise tried to find a quiet place turns out you have to leave for quiet can't believe that noise adds to fun at the pool.
This gift shop has a small inventory of liquor with pretty good prices.  I also frequent it for sundry items and the morning newspaper.
Nice hotel/rooms. Food all around the area. $15/day for internet is a joke!
Before it was a hit when DD was on its first few weeks since it was opened. Now with other donuts establishments around, this place has fallen to a mediocre level. The donuts here were good but somehow and slowly losing their edge. I had an iced coffee here and the taste isn't all that great for me.
Total dive but for wings in the Charlotte area - they don't get any better than the ones served @ this place. Plus, they have a Silver Strike bowling machine. Good times await ...
We got a chance to sample at the farmers market and their chocolate baguette was yummy. During the Farm Sessions Chef Sean Currid also used their regular baguette to make those addictive pan made croutons. Holla.
OMG this place is fantastic!  There is an explosion of chickeny awesomeness in my mouth.  :)  This is close to my work so I will definitely be here again.
I ordered a medium fries to go...takes 10 minutes...there were 4 people in the back and the manager was just standing around. For the sake of the school year..I hope they pick it up
If you are a non smoker pass this one by. Smokers everywhere including common areas. My nonsmoking floor has smokers. Upon checking out, the desk clerk double billed for the room, so myself and my friend were charged extra for the crummy experience. Watch your bill!  I won't be back.
Get there before 9 so you can enjoy the sushi revolving belt if not be prepared to pay full price for the rolls. Overall good sushi, a tad over priced, with a decent atmosphere
This is my absolute favorite pub to visit. Great food, and I am in love with Ace Pear Cider. I try to get over here every other week.
One of the better, mid-priced buffets in town. Nice ambiance. Its a smaller buffet but the food is very tasty, well seasoned.
There are even more expensive places to get mediocre food, if you can believe that.
This was the best massage I have had in at least 10 years!!  Angela was caring, asked questions in the beginning, then proceeded to melt me into the table.  Just the right amount of pressure.   She is excellent masseuse.  I HIGHLY recommend her.  The overall visit was just great.  I hope to get back soon!
This place was good for Charlotte. They did spicy and naan very well. I would come back after I have tried other clt restaurants!
Lovely atmosphere and it's quality over quantity. The Mexican food section of this was not overwhelming though, pretty standard. However the rest of the selections were excellent quality and not your typical casino buffet fare. Worth the extra $$.
Decent food, when in the mood for Chinese I go here. Sometimes I even have it delivered. Food is good and service is great.
This place is kind of gross, however it hits the spot when you may be craving greasy mexican food that is cheap.  Stay away from the guacamole though as it is pretty gross.
Tied to come here while yelp said it was open and it was closed. Took a fifty dollar cab ride there and back.
Absolutely the best breakfast biscuits in town! This place is a Charlotte staple! Also try the party pack for larger catering needs, Danny the owner is world class he will take great care of you! The folks here take a lot of pride in giving great service and quality food! Eat here once and you will be back!
If you are looking for the best-creamy-latte in town, this is your place. Biscotti are also very good.
The tour took us down south blvd to 4 different bars/brewery's/pubs. It was fun. Not extremely informative but a nice day in charlotte. I recommend looking for a groupon.
Great location downtown Charlotte, nice menu and wonderful Hand Crafted Beer Selection.\n\nSports bar atmosphere with quite a few TV's located around and a few Pool Tables too.
The valet farted in my car.\n\nI wish I was joking.
Always fresh and perfectly prepared. This is the only place my husband will take Japanese visitors from out of town. Enough said.
This place is super messy but it is 24 hours...woot..... \n\nGot what supplies we forgot/did not bring for our week's day, bought some water and called it a day.
Everything you need for crafts, but be prepared for a 30 minute wait to check out...
No cover unless you come in a cab and hh was free beer and well drinks til 8.  The bartender hooked us up and the women were all really friendly- great place to hang out, get a drink and watch dancers- would definitely return!
This store has everything you can imagine for your house. When I saw it was called The Container store, I was thinking Tupperware and a bunch of house wives.  They got this expandable shoe rack that would be perfect for an apartment. Such a cool store to check out.
Went for a late lunch.  Location has a nice view of the pool.   They had a good selection of bottled beers but nothing on tap.  Ordered the Soft Shell Crab Sandwich.  Nice flavors but a little greasy.  Salt and Pepper Fries were average.   Friendly and attentive service.
Absolutely amazing views and food for the most part was fantastic. However, the accompaniments to the main crab dish were lukewarm and very clearly reheated... Pretty disappointing for such a pricey restaurant. Great service.
Great meal, atmosphere and staff. Was made to feel welcome and comfortable. Attention to guests seems genuine and not canned. Very memorable experience.
Great spot. Hung out with some really fun people who had a cabana so it was pretty chill. Good mixed crowd. Great music. I wish the inside of the club was happening but it was just outside around the pool area. The security was nice and it's a pretty setting on a warm Vegas night.
The decor and service get five stars, but the food was not at the same level. It was very good, but not mind-blowingly good. As I was eating my dish, I was regretting that I had not chosen a more inspired restaurant; the architect and designer were better than the chef.
Rip off.  So no.   just. No.
We ate here for St. Patrick's Day and the food was amazing!  The weight staff was friendly and very helpful.  We had never been before but glad we did and will go again.  We had the bread pudding for dessert and it was great!
I have always had great service, speedy delivery, and a decent sandwich when I've ordered from Silvermine!
Clean store, good customer service. STARBUCKS INSIDE!
Good value here. Fresh salads and soups. For under 10 bucks it's a good concept and having an option for a healthy lunch in the neighborhood is always a plus.
Too crowded.  Not impressed. Snobby people. Not fun having your feel stepped on.
Great facilities, good prices, friendly employees. I went las.week.with.two.friends and.we.had a good time.
this place deserves more than 2.5 stars. The chicken fingers (aka Eagle Wings because they're huge!) are so delicious, especially after coming back from the club. They're a little expensive, but really what isn't in Las Vegas? this is definately the spot to go to in vegas.
Although I'm sure better ramen can be found elsewhere, this is as good as any I've had in Pittsburgh or Philly. Service is always good, and extremely fast (they just spoon some soup out), and the soup is consistently savory and delicious. Always hits the spot.
Been to this many times now and my daughter n I love it everytime we come here..we enjoying preparing all the by ourselves.. We can create our own dish according to our taste so I give 4.5/5 for the food. And 4.5/5 for the ambience  and 4/5 for the service.
food was very good, only complaint was the waitstaff, too young, they need experienced staff who know how to pay attention to the customer,
worst service....never again
To be honest, I was disappointed. Maybe because I have high expectation since the lines are so long and waiting time is miserable. \n\nThe environment is nice but the choices are too limited. Some food are really salty.\n\nWill not eat again next time.
The best dentist ever. I have had anxiety about dentists all my life...but not here. Dr O is fantastic, comforting and gentle. Been seeing him since we got to Las Vegas about 5 years now.\n:-)
I don't get the complaints.  It's huge, lots of shops and choices, the kiosk people aren't overly aggressive or pushy.  It's easy to walk to from the strip.  It's HUGE, but the signs are directories are numerous and the big stores are well marked.
Good Food.  Prices are high.  Service is not that great and it gets very busy on the weekend.
These guys are the best!  Ended up going to them for a second opinion, after another auto service shop wanted to take me for a $1831 ride.  You will get the honest truth from them, and no overcharging for things you don't need.
The food was good but not outstanding. The service lacked efficiency, attention, and enthusiasm. When a waiter brings you food and does not know what it is, it clearly displays a lack of training. Overall, the experience left me desiring more
Sushi was great.  Everyone I was with enjoyed their meal.  I will probably not go back because the location is not great.
Is what it is.\n\nBetter, fresher, cheaper, and more filling then any fast Asian-based food place.\n\nNot authentic, but it's not the type of place to go where you expect authentic, so all-in-all, I do indeed like it.
Wonderful! Don't be fooled by the storefront location.  The food is intriguing and delicious, the coffee is out of this world, and the service was perfect.  We'll go back again and again!
Really tasty Indian buffet. Fresh naan, vegetables, desserts, rice, meats, you name it!
The service is horrible . Don't waste your time or money. You'll get better service at Jack in the box .
It's nice to see more establishments offering discounts to Veterans.  \n\nThanks for the tax break, Carl's Jr.!
Excellent service and food. Lobster gnocchi was perfect. Chopped salad was also delicious. I'm a local that will be coming back.
We have had two kids born here and both times were memorable experiences of course.  The staff here is fantastic and I would highly recommend this hospital to anyone looking for high quality care from people with some compassion.
I would not go again. Parking was an absolute nightmare. \nThe value for money was just not there, and they had no where to sit or be shaded.
Menu was impressive however the food was standard- I order bruschetta and antipasto tray. The service was a bit snotty and hard to get their Attention for service.
Doesn't this place know the medical office is only as good as it's front office. How can you charge someone a $ 40 copay if the insurance plan doesn't have a copay even though you accept the insurance plan. That's fraud, waste and abuse.
The worst company to deal with. Ordered $225 Valentine bouquet to be delivered\nThey never delivered .  My loved one was devastated that I ignored her, not my fault theirs
Just had a fantastic Cuban sandwich for breakfast medium roast coffee delightful. And of course a bunch of cookies to go that melt in your mouth we will be back next week
We had the cobb salad, we were staying away from carbs that day.  Very nice place and the salad was good, not great, but its a breakfast place.  Great atmosphere, service a little on the slow side, we were there at 1130 am.  We will return for breakfast.
Way overpriced drinks, with my vodka martini starting at $17 and wasn't even evenly balanced.  The only plus side is the more than abundant staff trying to get you to drink more, so you'll never have to hunt one of them down.
Tried to go. Apparently it's gone. Would be nice if someone had updated the website.  It really did Suck and Blow.
I had the bacon cheeseburger. While it was definitely fresh, it wasn't for me. I'll give it three stars now but that could easily go to a four next time around if I like something else. The mimosa was refreshing
KFC with a twist. Food is okay but its basicly piri-piri chicken and chips. strange logistics. You order and pay at a counter after choosibg from te menu. Staff are very friendly. Ambiance is okay.
They have the slowest drive thru service.  Don't go to this location if you're running late!
I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. It would only be worse if I get explosive diarrhea on the airplane , in which case I might reconsider recommending it to my worst enemy.
There is no reason not to love this place. The prices are inexpensive and they are opened past midnight. Li love the bread and the sauce!
Amazing patio! Just stopped in for a quick drink and some fried pickles... good specials on sunday and pickles were salty crunch good.
Pizza a very good.  Garlic knots have enough garlic to kill vampires within a 20 ft radius,  Great place for large groups - they have added a second dining room.  Service is really friendly and helpful.
Went to Mc Cormick & Schmick's  on Thursday night with client the service was  good as well as the food. We had a good time.
food was cold. beans and rice didnt taste great. drinks come in tiny cups. Open 24/7 tho
If you are ever in PHX, go here.  An old friend of mine owns this place.  Food is awesome and the staff rules!  (Tom T. ;))  The wine selection will melt your soul and the atmosphere is killer.  Have fun.
Food was fair.
Don't order anything but beer--otherwise you'll be cursed at, chastised for your choices, and given awful and lazy renditions of their specialty drinks. \n\nAn Old fashioned is not jack and water...
Just went here again today. This is my second review of this place - that sould tell you how great the sushi is! Screaming Orgasm is one of the yummiest sushi dishes I have EVER had. I'm craving it all over again!
Love the gyro's here, meat is fantastic, taziki sauce is awesome,all is fresh including the amazing baklava!
I had the BD All american burger. I was a good burger but the bun did not hold up. Not even half way through and the bottom bun was soggy and almost non existent. We went on a friday night but the service was still really slow.   25-30 for a medium rare burger.
Service = great\n\nFood = delicious \n\nI absolutely love this place.  Pricy, but thats what you pay for organic food.
No never again there more of a bar then pizza joint. The pizza was dry. To me it was like a little Caesars pizza but worse not even exaggerating. I'm really mad that I even tried this place. Never would have thought pizza would be that bad for 11$ for a medium.
Got info on the tortillas, they are full of lard and trans fat. So for anyone concerned with living with a healthy heart, please be warned.\n\nStill love the salsa! :)
BBQ Duck is very good. Also had the wonton noodle soup, very tasty.  They have New Owner ( thanks goodness) waiter service was nice. Good cheap prices too.
This place sucks....won't even come back to use the bathroom here, ordered a verde stuffed sopapilla, super fries and a burrito....the napkin would have made a tastier meal
Overrpriced, Loud.  The food was horrible.
Great place to get Chinese food. Want to add that I left my wallet there but didn't discover it was missing till the next day. I went back and they still had it all in tack. I am soooo grateful that the girl was so honest!
Excellent experience.  Heirloom tomatoes with buffalo mozzerella was delicious.  I kept soaking up the dressing with bread.  Ahi tuna steak was also very good.  Sat outside and people watched.  I'd go back if in Scottsdale again.
Really Good Pho. \nTheir sweet and sour chicken is better then any Chinese Rest. \nKind of a hole in the wall, but never judge a book by it's cover!
Although the service is somewhat slow, its mainly because its so busy. The atmosphere is awesome, and the pizza always tastes really fresh. \n\nBe careful. The hot hot wings are very spicy.
Annie is great!! She always does my gel Mani and pedi. Great glitter choices! She always get new colors too.
We have eaten here a number of times and it would be very hard for us to find one bad thing to say about this place. Service has always been superb and the food is absolutely delectable. From start to finish we loved every second here.
Third Thursday Adventure Runs, packet pick ups, great customer service, fun events every month, and everything you need under one roof if you run/walk? \nTruly can't think of how it could get any better!!
This store is always busy. Plan on spending some time there after you type your name in on the screen. I was turning my equipment in because I am done with Cox cable. Waste of money. I have one word for them,.......Directv.
Horrible place to try to have a dinnner. Waited for 20 then sat for another 20. A sure miss. Go to Dillions. Same menu!!!
The best place for breakfast hands down. oh yeah there is that other great breakfast Joint egg and I. if you don't know there the same  restaurant different name. my girl friend and i love this place. I'm surprise they don't know my order by know. their bacon and onion skillet is the best.
The Coney Dogs are just like back in Michigan. The menu is priced lower than any other coney shop in Phoenix. However the food is not lacking in quality or quantity. This a must visit restaurant if you love all things coney or if you want to learn. Will be a regular from now on.
Ate here with my family over the weekend. The food is a washed-out version of mexican food, but edible. The service is just okay. Not anything too exciting to report about this place, but if your in the area and craving some mexican food - this is the place for you.
This place used to be good.  I don't know what has happened recently but the food is always cold, and the orders are rarely correct.  Hope management gets their act together because I now have to find another favorite casual mexican food place.
Don't know why hours for business are posted on website no one bothered to be there Monday!!
I don't think it is fair that I pay $20 for a car wash and the outside of my car is still dirty. It's like they just ran the car thru the machine and let it air dry. I am never going back to this place again. What a waste of time and money.
Friendly staff but food is simply mediocre. Won't be recommending it.
Tasty...reasonable price, ample portions.  The chicken shwarma is delicious.
I just had lunch and was excellent,soup salad and ice cream was really tasty,,
The artist was very helpful and allowed the group (of 8) to paint different paintings from one another. She balanced the unique demands of each person and supplied paint refills as needed. The vibe is relaxed and a good environment for kids and groups. They are no frills so don't expect wine as most painting parties have.
This was so spectacular that we went 4 times in 3 days. Everything tasted fresh; the menu was so extensive that it was hard to choose what to order, so we kept returning and sharing. The plates are also innovative, not salads, but genuine chef-created and intriguing dishes that are just delightful and inspiring.
wont be coming back....
Great selection but nothing was amazing. And for $32 on a Saturday that just didn't cut it for me. Not a terrible stop if you're wanting all you can drink as well but it's not a destination by any means.
Some of the varieties of pizza taste much better then others.  However, none of them are overly great.  This location used to be much cleaner but it appears management may have changed and the service has gone downhill a bit.  I do find the cinnamon rolls to be addictively good though.  So I keep going back to get my fix.
Now under new management...the fish is still okay, but the rolls are over sauced and for table service you have to wait in line and order at a counter.  Way way down hill since the place opened.
Was not impressed with the menu... Closer to overpriced bar food. Was not at all what I expected. Service was good and I was able to make reservations online.
This place is absolutely disgusting! I was under the impression they renovated the rooms now that the linq is open...nope. I honestly have to question if this place is even legal. You couldn't pay me to stay here again
I like the ambiance and service. However, the food presentation was all it seemed to have going for it. The food was bland and mediocre at best. Not worth the money spent.
Staff is nice and friendly but the car wash did a terrible job. They had employees dry my car but when I got home I discovered spots all over. I'll stick to Fabulous Freddy's from now on.
this was the second gel manicure at this salon, my nails were filed down to mush, even with the gel polish on them they bend like crazy, both thumbnails broke the next day, won't go back
Not what I expected for a downtown Hilton. Valet was terrible, executive lounge was dull, walls were thin, dishes stayed on the hallway floor for 3 days. I understand they are still under construction. On the bright side the front desk staff and bellman  were very nice, our room was clean and gym did the job.
Eh, it's not bad. Nothing special. Trivia is fun because they give out food each round. They do Karaoke too. Tons of parking spots. Staff us friendly.
We went on a date here tonight and were very pleased once again!  The bacon wrapped jalape\u00f1os were to die for! We got 5 tacos, 2apps, and a margarita and our total was only $40! We will definitely be back!
Was OK. New owners new name. Stay away! Horrible!
Horrible food not child friendly horrible waiter. I understand it's the oldest restaurant but it stinks not coming again
Went to Kyo with 3 other business colleagues during our trip from Chicago. We ended up sitting at the bar and the service and food was amazing. I would highly recommend this place to anyone visiting Montreal as we had a wonderful experience. Thanks for a memorable outing!
All salads tasted pretty good. Service top notch. However the portion size and price for what you get leaves me no choice but 2 stars. I felt violated after my four dollar soda and 13 dollar bite sized salad.
Went here with friends and have been to other locations. This location was different than the rest though.the food came out overlooked to the point of tasting burned. Was not impressed.
Ordered medium well, got brown on the outside and red inside.   What I would call \"alive and kicking.\" A decent chef would not be that off in his cooking.  Once was enough for me.
My newest addiction. There's not much I can add that hasn't already been covered in other reviews, but this place is worth the trip. I recommend the Pho Tai. The portion sizes are big - I typically stretch one order into 2-3 meals.
We got the spa suite, no complaints. I love the medium sized refrigerator, no microwave though.
I like to eat healthy and this place has so many delicious and healthy options.  I love the Mediterranean chicken salad and the Spanikopita is so good.
We sat in the bar area   Had a couple martinis and Kumomoto oysters and (super huge) shrimp cocktail.  Everything was wonderful!  The service here is absolutely fantastic!
Service sucked !13$ soggy so also sucked. Sad I was looking forward to this place wonder why people rave about it. Stick to in and out...and they charge 20% tip so I guess service doesn't matter...
Best Pad Thai anywhere. Spectacular curry dishes featuring duck and short ribs. Garlic prawns were super.
modified is a great place to see a show.  it almost reminds me of basement shows back home- intimate, smelly, people utterly engrossed in the music, all ages.  it's good stuff.
I ordered delivery, waited three hours.NO pizza and they wouldn't answer the phone. So I drove there, they told me they didn't open till ten p.m. It's the next day still nothing I had to call delivery.com and cancel my order.
They closed. It's an new place. Not as good...
This Trader Joe's is so close to my house, I really should be there more often.  I used to go to TJ's back in San Diego, and that one was much bigger and nicer than this one.
Excellent rooms and service.  Well worth the price.  From the time I was picked up at the airport to the time I was dropped off back at the airport, the Hotel32 staff attended to all of my needs.  Highly recommended.
Love, love Wildflower!  Great service, delicious fresh food, clean and bright spaces!  Locally-owned and community-minded!  My only frustration is you can't find a spot to park during the lunch rush as it's so popular!
This is a fine restaurant to go to when you want to get away from the noise and chaos of Vegas. \n\nThey also have Czech Pilsner on tap. Yay!
The spam and eggs with the sausage and gravy was really good. The chicken katsu plate was huge. The portion size was awesome. Over all I had a good experience. I would definitely go again. And again.
Good cheep coffee! And the donuts...its Dunkin C'mon they're awesome. Staff is very nice and the line usually moves fast. They always get my order right, too. So much better than some of the other Dunkins in town :)
Best thing for me? EMPTINESS! this place is like having our own private movie theater! I go often with my bf Sundays (first show) or Wednesdays and we enjoy the space and tranquility of this place. Not the crowded and annoying of the posh places. Good seats and the arm chair is optional!!
Had the carne asada wrapped around the chile and shrimp.  It came recommended and it did not dissapoint.  Glad I has a chance to eat here while visiting Scottsdale.  Hope to return here someday, the other dishes I saw at the table were Mexican dishes I've never seen at other restaurants.
Each bite of the bone in rib eye I had was bursting with flavor.  Pure heaven. Service was top notch as was the food.  Had the fillet Mignon as well, also delicious, but the bone in rib eye, that's their money maker!
Yuck. A long wait. The place seemed dirty and smelled bad. Nice staff, but understaffed. And the food was bad in Japan! How do you mess up edamame? We left hungry because the first three dishes ranged from icky to so-so. The beer was cheap.
Ordered online. One gluten free the only reason I eat here, and two large. Only made one and I had to wait like I didn't want to do.
I used to like this place. Quality of food is not good and not much variety anymore. Very limited desserts. There were no Crab legs! I will not come back. It's sad because this is very close to my house. I might just take a nice long drive in search for better food!
Decent pizza, but not great.  Garlic cheese bread was mediocre.  Apple pastry dessert was pretty damn good.  I give the experience 3.5 stars.
I love the vibe here. I'm easy to please though as I'm not a coffee aficionado.
Well priced. Had the natural juice, empanadas and bandeja paisa. Good flavor, well seasoned and good amount of food.
Overpaid for juice expecting something good and fresh, she literally pulled out a ocean spray bottle from the fridge right in front of me and poured it into the glass. I thought I was on candid camera. next time I'll save the cash and just go to copps for my \"fresh\" juice.
Best chinese restraunt I have ever been to and have been to many in vegas. The mongolian beef amazing. Service and decor excellent. This place should be on t.v.. You must stop here or you're missing out. Best chinese in vegas.
Most flavorful burgers. If you like sweet potatoes, try the tots and ask to try all the sauces. I'm a Chipotle aioli kind of guy.
Got the beef stew special. Was very good especially when you put Hawaiian chili pepper water all ova. Broke da mouth!! My sis had the teriyaki chicken & it was sweet tender & tasty :-)\n\nThanks Steven & Dawn for a good dinner :-)
This is a great Chipotles...they are always fast, the food is always fresh and the tables are pretty much always clean. I've been here a few times and the manager has been around checking up on things. They mean business! Good business, that is!
Love this place! The ladies are pleasant here. Say hi to Jordan and Ashley when you get in and they'll take care of ya. Once you get the hang of this place and how it works, you will realize how the services will help you maintain a nice and healthy life.
If your looking for personal service in an Insurance Man..Jeremy is your man, this guy has saved our family so much money by finding the right fit for us.\nWant a quote? call him, he's the best. Thanks Jeremy for all your help this last year
$20 Cover on Friday even though i came early. No deals for locals. On the plus side the music was good but it did get really crowded and there was no room to dance lol.
This is not a place to experience the legendary Las Vegas Buffet.
Stumbled on this place and the pizza is fantastic...a must if you're on Fremont St in Vegas
I love the Brand Nathan's I mean who doesn't. I have had Nathans at the Venetian before and it was way better but this Nathan's is in an airport so I would think that would be why. The food is still good just wasn't as fresh as I would have liked it. Love Nathans though!!
Their sandwiches are incredible good, the bread the meet yum. I had the creton one, you should try it.
Schlange stehen. Morgens, mittags, abends, nachts. Dank eher langsamer Mitarbeiter gerne auch mal ein wenig l\u00e4nger.
Awesome food. Just like the food I had in Piura years ago.  Wife had Saltado de Mariscos and I had the Lomo. Both were fantastic.  Try the papas a la huacaina, they are remarkable.
Excellent service and the food was great.
Great place, portions might be a tad to big for a breakfast place. Don't wanna feel disgusting the whole day, other than that really good food and service.
7/24 We came into dinner again bartender was great as last time food this time was not the greatest they mentioned they are changing the menu but my opinion is if it's still on the menu it should be made great every time they also said they hired new cooks I wasn't impressed at all we be dining else where next time
Super yummy food but needs more workers! The restaurant is so big, there are not nearly enough people to cover everyone. The food is so great and I love the sliders. I've been there 3 times this year already...
The food here never disappoints (and we're self-proclaimed food snobs- quality over quantity!). \n\nOur breakfast go-to is the chicken & waffles- they do a good job with their take on this dish.
Wings are good.  Not the best ever but pretty good.  I like that they have dry rub seasonings as a choice for the wings.  Service is good. Always crowded.
This place is ok...rib tips were kind of hard and brisket was overcooked. Overpriced for what you get and nothing like real Texas BBQ
I just had to take to some kind of social media because I can not believe dogs (and cats) are being sold and held in such sad conditions. (As opposed as sold at a breeder at a farm). Nothing wrong with the store, but having a puppy 24/7 in a \"aquarium like\" cage is just beyond belief!
Not a vegetarian or vegan, but I LOVE this place.  The food is amazing enough to convert a carnivore. Recommend to all my friends!
A little pricey, but worth it. It's typical to spend around $15 for 2 people, which for fast food is up there. Even though the Yelp pricer thing say, cheap? Turkey with corn and mash potatoes and mac n cheese. Mmmmm. I only with they still had the sirloin.
Good food,but kind of expensive
Staff has changed and not for the better.  Gave it a couple of try's after I noticed a change but the friendly staff has been replaced by people that act like they hate being there and it is reflected in the quality of the food as well.
Sold me a 100.00 gift  card with a bouns 20.00 card for myself over the holidays. Went to use the 20.00 dollar card tonight and they told me it had already been used. Yes cashed in just one day before my 100.00 amx purchase. I guess they are into recycled plastic or rip off
I have been to Pomo two more times since the last visit and on both times, while the pizzas were very good, the crusts on the bottom were burnt both times. \n\nFor the prices they charge, this should not be the case.
Great, made from scratch food. Decor is straight from an Italian grandmothers house and the place is very small. This place is NOT kid friendly, we had our 2 young girls with us and it was very uncomfortable even though they were accommodating. 4 stars for the food and our waiter.
Great Time. Took my parents here and they had a blast. They do the standard show here for this type of place but it's done well. Food was good the roll I had was great. If you are looking for a good interactive dining experience this is a great place to go.
This place is disgusting. I think I may have had the worse restaurant food in my life today.
Super genuinely friendly staff. Plenty of flat screens to catch multiple games at once. Cold Stella on tap. Average pub grub.
While the food is adequate, the atmosphere is unhealthy with \"second-hand\" smoke as the restaurant is NOT smoke-free. How can you enjoy a meal when you're struggling to breathe?
This is the best Vape shop I have ever been to!!!! The most amazing customer service. The best vape flavors and plenty to choose from. If you want a great smoke shop to buy your vape then this the place!!!!!!
Don't bother staying here.  The resort fees are outrageously high and you get no value for them.  The collection of slots is sorely lacking and the tables are mediocre at best.  You're better off at a real hotel a little further down the strip.
Service and food was not bad. I really enjoyed the egg benedict and loved the goblet drinks. However the only turn off is the 5% resort fee that is added to your bill. Wouldn't Come Back Due To that.
The food was okay, the singers were funny and entertaining (singing off a karoake machine) until it got annoying. The waitress tried to tell me she \"forgot\" to bring my change back..not impressed
Ewww! Never again! We went in for breakfast because we had a voucher for two free buffet tickets. How can you screw up breakfast?! My husband and I left totally nauseous.
Always love coming here for lunch. The wind is excellent in any of the curries but especially the spiked Thai tee
This place is ridiculous!! $12.47 for a chocolate kiddie cone and a chocolate waffle cone and each had small scoops of some kind of apple pie ice cream. Keep in mind they won't tell you that you have to pay extra for the apples. Long story short.. Cold Stone blows!!
I really love this place. Red Robin alone is a good place to eat, but the service here is great too--not always easy to find. We were seated promptly, brought drinks promptly and our orders were on point. Nothing was amiss and the services was very friendly. For the price, this is a good place to go.
This place is great. The food is incredible and priced well! Although, upon first visit, one might need some guidance through the ordering process. The lines are set up in stations that are separated by meat choice. \n\nI recommend the fish, chorizo and Barbacoa tacos.\n\nThis place is amazing!
I love Harkins but some locations need an upgrade.  For the upscale customers that visit this mall the theater should be just as upscale.  It fails at meeting the customers taste in the finer things.
Went there last night, and the atmosphere for the restaurant was great! Perfect outside seating, with candles. The pretzel bread with cheese was awesome..  The Mac and cheese with bacon was out of this world! Definitely eating there again!
I went to this restaurant after seeing some really nice reviews here at yelp.\n\n We ordered chicken manchow soup, chicken lollypop and veg noodles.\n\nIt was very disappointing. Hope they improve in future.
Quality of the food was poor.  Lots of choices but just didn't think the food was worth the price.\n\nThink a stand-alone place is a better choice.  You'll get better quallity food & eat less.
I am a big fan of the dueling piano/piano bar shows and this one is one of the worst I have seen.  The same two women have been there every time, and it's just not good.  The only one worse is the one over in Paris.
Great BBQ, fun decor. There is a separate bar area, which you enter through an interior screen door. There are claw foot tubs full of pbr and bud, lots of tvs, and a shuffle board table. Fun for grownups and kids. This place is very clean and well kept.
Best donuts hands down anywhere soft fresh made with TLC. I am a chef I don't go anywhere that serves crap. This place is the real deal I wish they would open more in town
Love it or hate it - I'm here two weeks a year.  Every year.  I think they have made it as nice as they can, and transportation is easy and convenient.  It's just so darn huge...
Great food and margarita as noted by others. Super slow service - got our margaritas after our food was already out! Great prices, I'd consider going there again if I was near UNLV.
This was one of the better topless shows I have attended.   The women were classy and attractive, musicals were done tastefully, and pricing is fair.  \nIf you like musicals, women in bright big costumes, and dancing, this is the place to go.  \nVery entertaining and high energy!
Dropped my iphone 5 cruisin' the galaxy, shattered the glass. Dropped it off with Tyler, had it back looking new in 45 minutes! I little hard to find the place but if the services are needed again, I'll be stopping here. You should too:) woof
Marquee, y u so pretentious?!
Gloomy location with great food. The panang is great. Very nice sticky rice with coconut ice cream.
This is a decent sort of fish and chips cafe next to the theatre.  The view of the Edinburgh street life is quite beautiful.  Unfortunately this place suffers from being a bit overpriced for such standard fair.  Still, not a bad place.
Super yummy buffet for Jacobson elementary's early release eat out event.  Kids had a blast, while adults got to sit back and enjoy pizza, salad, breadsticks and dessert for a reasonable price!
Yes the service was slow, and the hostess acted like she didn't want to seat us.  Within 12 hours of eating here, I got sick to my stomach.
This place is fantastic!  Every time I go I try something different.  The family who owns, cooks and serves at Da Vang are very attentive, give great advice on what to try and really work hard to make your experience a good one!  Love, Love Love!
The place is nicely decorated.  This location has changed hands several times . The restaurant was a little pricy . About 50 dollars a person . Good thing we went during restaurant week . The service was average . A little slow  because of the crowd . The food was tasty and we shared most of the dishes
Pizza is great if you eat in the restaurant. Their delivery could be the worst in town. Always over an hr and most times 90 minutes. By the time the food arrives it's horrible.
I love lee's... But this review mainly is for the Cashier service... Samantha...not friendly at all!! Should not be in the cashier
Good burgers (we had venison, haggis and beef), nice beer selection and a comfortable couch in the back. Really good vibe in this pub.
Super yummy & the staff is great! I definitely recommend this place. Service was fast & the food looks absolutely delicious. I'll be ordering the cookie with ice cream for dessert. The place is not too busy so my server is super attentive & my meal got out in good time.
Unbelievable!!!!  Visited Vegas from Austin and would have never dreamed we would have run into Mexican food this good ( and cheap ) in a casino bar.  Gigantic proportions to boot.  Hard to find inside Bally's  but worth the search.
Rooms are nothing special \nGym is small\nFree Drinks and Breakfast is only reason to stay here
Good food and reasonable prices.  I loved the mac and cheese... although very heavy :)
I've been going here for the past 9+ years and it's pretty much the basic local circle-K. Not much to say past that. I do dig the walk-in beer cooler but also wonder who in the hell buys the bags of bananas?
I greatly enjoy The Tasting Room. The staff is friendly. Jim, Nancy, an Mason are very personable and polite. They always ensure your happy and that you find a wine or beer you like. Great selections, fast service, friendly conversation.
Darn good pizza and great ravioli.  Family owned atmosphere and good service. Really a great pizza/pasta joint. Will definitely hit this place up again.
Went here for a restaurant Week and it was a pleasant surprise. I never even knew he restaurant was there because it is in corporate building. The food was great. We had the shrimp ooh la la which was excellent and the NY strip. The chef came out and greeted us which was nice. I would definitely go back
What a joke. I've had my oil changed for years at other big o locations and have always brought my own oil. Now they are making me buy it from them. Do not go here. Awful customer service.
The waiting is horrible....it took us about 10 mins to order our meal....they need to upgrade the way they take people's orders
Hubby and I love this place. It's small and quaint the service is excellent.
Whatever, it's good. If you see some elderly individuals approaching the patisserie line, quickly use your physical advantages and do whatever you can to get in that line first. Old people can't decide or make decisions. Come on, all you want is a chocolate muffin. Go get that chocolate muffin.
The last time I was in this store was about 9 years ago when I bumped my RAM from 256 to 512.  This time I bumped it to 2gig and it was much less expensive.  I got helped both times by somebody who knew what they were doing and got what I needed on the first try.
I love the staff here. They are super nice. I love the fried green beans app. Its amazing. I always get the chicken strips but my guy gets the Jack Daniels stuff. He loves it.  And let not forget about there new cookie dessert. Yum!
Never again.. Bad customer service. If I was able to give a zero I would.
Hands down the best neighborhood Italian restaurant in AZ. The veal, chicken and pasta dishes are all amazing. One of the best salads in town as well. The bar menu is one of the best deals as well, tons of food for not a lot of money. They also pour a great glass of wine.
I dont understand how taco bell is still in business in AZ where there are hundreds of great mexican restaurants. Taco bell is garbage!
Ok so I get the fact that they are suppose to be healthy and fresh but $8 for a juice? That's crazy and it wasn't even good. There are a couple other places that this place mimics just down the street, I think I'll only go to one of them from one on.
Food is tasty, menu is small, and on the expensive side for what you get, but every lunch spot at CMU is gouging the students. The two star rating is mostly because the tables are always so dirty and sticky, its pretty gross.
Typically I avoid fast food restaurants due to severe food allergies. Today when I was in I had a fantastic cashier who highlighted to the manager my gluten and tomato allergy to make sure that I wouldn't get sick. It is wonderful to see a fast food joint who cares about their special customers.
Can't complain, great place for an early movie ... then catch a bite at one of the many local eateries.
The sandwiches were good but not amazing.
My second visit to Cafe Ga Hyang confirmed everything about the first visit: 100% authentic Korean cuisine! It's as if I was back on Korea going for lunch on a lazy day off. If you're looking for the real deal on Korean food, then put Cafe Ga Hyang at the top of your list!
40min for a sandwich to be delivered not mind blowing like the radio said. I order here multiple times takes at least 40 to 50 min. Kinda sad. Sandwiches are good because you have to wait for so long you get hungrier.
Not a place I'd return to for regular fare, overpriced for quality.  But the brunch is a divine value.
If you use Discount Tire once, you will never go to another tire shop...they are just that good.
Cool environment, but nothing special about the drinks or service.
I have had delicious food twice and my family raves about it. A huge bonus is that almost everything on the menu is under $10.
this isnt a review but i figured id give it a try. Can anyone tell me if this is an all ages venue or is there an age limit?
Always good. Good menu choices or build your own. Always Very friendly and accommodating!
My family and I have been coming here for years and have witnessed a steady decline in service and quality of food, but after our most recent experience we WILL NOT be coming back.  Two words...food poisoning!!!
Although the pizza is super big, it's cold. Not very good. Maybe that's why it's cheap.
nothing special. nothing authentic. bad service. tasteless. I wanted lengua...they don't have anything special.
very cool place but the food was mediocre at best, i've had better out of a roach coach.
Super polite workers, they simply need more help!\nMessy store as well. What would it be like for service and organization to be immaculate? Hummm?
Best food in town. By a mile.
Their bread is fresh and the kabobs are the best. The owners is very friendly towards the customer!
I find La Tasca to be tapas my numbers - not particularly inspirational.  The one at the Omni Centre is better than the one on Charlotte Square.
I love the Lao style pho, I eat it with buk pik and kapi. It's quick and sapppppp. I'm an Isaan girl and this hits the spot.
This place was awesome.  Your going to wait a long time.  Go to the bar next door.   Relax. Have some drinks and an appetizer.
Ok food good service BUT WAY TOO EXPENSIVE even for an airport. All I can say is I hope you won while you were in Vegas before you come here
This store was a major disappointment to shop at. Not only was it filthy, but the salesperson was rude and pushy. He tried to sell me a bed that was clearly used, even though he swore it was new. I will never buy from a dishonest store like this.
This was our first time here and we loved it! We did not do the dinner with the show but next time we will. We saw Angry Housewives. It was hilarious!! The theatre is nice with friendly staff. We will be back for more shows for sure.
Great interactive family experience especially for the little ones. Be prepared to have your eardrums blown off but luckily they provide ear plugs for you! and some pretty neat stuff to bang on along with the band. Met the band after the show and they are some pretty rad guys. Good job!
We tried this place because it was a DDD destination. My husband tried the Po boy roast beef sandwich cause it was the featured item, he was not disappointed! Very delicious and the sweet potato fries were amazing. Our icing on the cake was the bread pudding! oMG!!! We highly recommend Lola's!!
While I gather their food is good it is still just breakfast. You can make most of what they sell in your own kitchen for a 10th of the cost. \n\nNice restaurant decent food but the prices are way too high. \n\nMe my wife and 2 boys. Almost $70!!
This place did a good job on me. I only do lower legs and haven't had a problem. I got Rachel, she seemed cool. I'll probably go back bc why not.
We stopped in for a bite {2-12-14} after a visit to the hot springs, in a word disgusting! The table was sticky the windows were dirty there were stains on the walls. It was gross! This was a nice place with good truck stop style food I don't know what happened but we'll never go back.
Well I know what I heard and so does my aunt who was in the car with me maybe your \"uneducated\" employee said the incorrect price..you all are very rude and that's why you don't have GREAT reviews..Your customer service is horrible. BYE FELICA
After reading all great review devoted to tray this place for breakfast, they most likely has great food unfortunately for me I have to walk a way as my coffee was lighter than tea, they tray to explained that this is \"organic\" but seriously this is not a coffee
The burgers are perfectly season that you don't need the condiments. Which is very rare to find. They just need to work on service.
The waitstaff was incredible. Our waitress, Lisa, had a sweet and positive energy that made our experience truly phenomenal. The food was also amazing. I definitely recommend the bread in the pot and the steak and chilaquiles. Great coffee, too! This place is a breakfast gem!
This is my local Target, and I've been here many times. The money spent here is funneled to anti-gay, anti-progressive candidates and who knows where else. No apology from their arrogant CEO, and no retraction. Kohl's for me from now on...
A tad bit overpriced, but the kids loved it.\nVery educational experience for kids and adults. The movie was in 3D and a great part of the experience.
My wife took my watch here to be re sized. She said they were very nice people and re sized the watch while she waited. The guy also told her if it didn't fit to bring it back and he would re size it again no charge.
One of the best massages I ever had.\n\nClean and relaxing environment. Great techniques that are different from someone just rubbing your back. You feel the results.\n\nGreat place to relax and re-energize.
This was our evening to watch the rodeo in its entirety so we settled in at the Grandview Lounge early and nursed our drinks.  After the rodeo we were only mildly hungry so we shared a corned beef on rye accompanied by a side of potato salad from the Del Mar Deli.
Best Pho I have had in my life! This place is so good its popular. They even have  a sign in sheet. That tells you something!!
Over 30 minutes to get food and the place was not busy while other people around us got there food within 10 minutes of ordering. Waffles were too dense and difficult to chew. Not impressed with service nor overpriced food items.
Presentation was fantastic, food was very good. However, the service was surprisingly poor and the wine pairing for the tasting was not impressive. Overall, a disappointing experience.
Good. Not impressed with happy hour prices. \n$14 for steak and eggs. Steak was about the size of quatah. \nBoston accent. \n\nStop criticiZing my reviews, cat!
The food was disappointing to say the least. The panang was extremely watery, the sweet and sour chicken, which was supposed to be pork but she got it wrong, was mostly vegetables light on the chicken, and the chicken pad see you (spelling is way off) was extremely dry.
25 dollars for a mens hair cut that's subpar? It's on the same level in my book as great clips. Go somewhere else.
Had better burger and the fries were too extra crispy. But the burger was okay. Expected to be better. But its not too bad.
One of my first stops when I come back to Ahwatukee! Best burritos ever! If you've never been here you're missing out!
I love getting the half soup (the potato cream cheese)  and half sand (typically I get the BLT and add some Turkey!). \n\nIts a great place to get out of the office as they have electrical outlets at almost every table so be sure to bring your laptop and enjoy the free wifi.
Friendly and fast service.  They   installed and adjusted my seat  after my tune up even though I had purchased it elsewhere.  Thanks, guys!
Ribs were good, but sauce was a little too sweet.  Review was so close to 4 stars but the corn was cooked in margarine. Really?  Margarine?  C'mon you're in Wisconsin.
Food is good.  Hours are weird.  Minimal seating available.  I'd say probably 4 stars for catering, somewhere between 3 and 4 for dine-in.  I have a gift certificate that I've not rallied enough enthusiasm for the place to drive down there to use since I can't get the wife to go back.
Some of their soups and sandwiches are good but twice recently their desserts have been awful- very stale brownies. I also on another occasion found a hair in my chocolate walnut bar. They need to improve. Service slow- I usually call in orders.
Major League Lacrosse is coming to Memorial Stadium in 2012...Home of the Charlotte Hounds!
This store is trash. They have very rude employees. They said that they would replace our turtle with in a week. The turtle pasted away after two days and I was told that they aren't goin to replace my dead pet. Never buy anythin from this store.
I loved this place. I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere, food, service, selection, and the drinks. Great place all around and a must try. Go out and try something new: try Kava!
2.5 stars rounded up to 3.  Average food, average prices, average service.  Nothing I've tried has been outstanding, nor has anything been disappointing.  Convenient for lunch so we come semi-regularly.  You can do better, and you can do a helluva lot worse when going out for Mexican food.
This place is the boom!!!  The best comfort food ever.  I have eaten everything on their menu and love it all.  Their fried chicken and waffles are great. Their sammies are yummy.\n\nWe also have TC's Cater our thanksgiving and Christmas dinners
Save your money and eat a hot dog while watching the game.
Food is great, but service is really slow.. Please be aware if you come with a party of 6, they automatically charge 18.5% gratuity, even if it is against the law.
The owner responded to this very quickly which is nice and shows he cares. He let me know he is not Greek but it just doesn't change my opinion of the food. Just wanted to let everyone know he did respond asking what he could do to make my experience better.
Prices not great for true thrifters. Staff completely useless. No dressing rooms. I simply have nothing to say about this place.
My only complaint is not to come here with someone who lived in Asia and knows what \"real\" asian food is. They will complain!\n\nOur server was very sweet and the food was good for my taste, ended up trying a lot of new things and liking them all!!!
I would go back.\n\nReminds me of a mom n pop stop.  People were friendly, service was pretty good.  The food wasn't anything to write home about but I did enjoy my meal.  I liked the casual setting and it's in a convenient complex with plenty of parking.
Unprofessional manager & general manager. Would not let me return cracked smart TV.  Writing a letter to corp office about store.  Mooresville store DID let me return faulty device. Props to Mooresville
The Laurel Market is another quaint Charlotte institution that is full of character (and sometimes characters!).  I like the wine section and can always find something new to try.
The server Julia was HORRIBLE!!!  Our server got to us about 5-8 min after we arrived. The app came out burnt sent it back. After returning 2 apps. Finally saw the GM she was awesome and very accomidating and nice. She made it right. That is the only reason it is 2 stars.
They do a pretty good job for Arizona for New York style pizza. Have a good lunch special for $6 includes two slices with any toppings and a drink. $6.90 out the door
Love the tilapia with lump crabmeat and it has less then 600 calories. I've never had bad service at this location staff is always friendly and attentive.
Food was good. Portions are huge. Wish we had one in The Bay Area.
Eh....wife loved it. \n\nToo hipster for me. Not much flavor. \n\nThe seating is terrible, definitely for intimate lunches. Meaning 1-2 people max.
Sounds redundant, but hands down best NY pizza in Charlotte area. Like Little Italy in NE Charlotte. Wish they would open another in SE! I treat myself once a week to a couple slices for lunch. Try them!
Dirty drink glass, overly salt potatoes in skillet, grease beyond belief on bottom of skillet and the bathroom was more filthy and deplorable than proper etiquette can speak of a
Do they ever card here?  I like that they advertise, \"catch the games here on our 3 HDTVs!\"  Ha.  Small, divey, and fun... this place is a staple for the young CMU crowd.  Many a fond memory of this place... thanks PHI.
It's a moderately priced restaurant inside the Palazzo. The service was good, the food was quick and tasted good. I would come here again for sure.
Had my brothers bachelor party there. Service was great. Food was good and the drinks kept coming. The price was fair and expected for the size of our party. Our waitress Amy was awesome. My guests and brother had a great time.
4 stars--5 stars if yer drunk.  upgraded, 3 times more exciting since i saw it years ago.  huge realistic lava eruptions & fireballs.  i would like to see it 2 more times before i leave tomorrow.  8pm, 9 , 10 , 11 & midnite. get likkered up & watch this MF
Nice sandwich shop.
great place, staff and food, plus 50% off every monday on pizzas and toppings.
I'm definitely a fan of Gordon Ramsey- I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and it was delicious! But their fries and onion rings may need a revisit from Gordon Ramsey :( but overall it's a great experience.
Great service. Smitty gave great attention and detail to my car. I will definitely continue my services with him. I will only trust him with my vehicle.
I been here many times but this is my first review. \n\nGood selection of yogurts.  Even better selection of fresh toppings including fresh fruits.  \n\nA little expensive but worth it.
This place has gone down hill, this was my 3rd visit and my last.  I have nicer towels for my car and a little bleach wouldn't hurt.  The receptionist Heather was the least helpful person I've come across.  The saving grace was Bryce, nice guy, super helpful.
Excellent burgers and atmosphere.  Wish the fries serving was more plentiful... like Five Guys.\n\nFried pickles also delicious.  Staff is exceptionally friendly.
They have the best most accommodating staff !! Thank you Brio Waiters !
I don't see what everybody is raving about the First of all the chef is rude and the I think the oldest kid who works there is not at all helpful at all, the food is bland and no quantity just rice which by the way taste  cardboard .we will definitely not returning to this food anytime soon
I love this place! It has a great atmosphere, great food, and drink specials on certain nights. Their pizza and med plate are the best things on their menu. It is a nice break from the typical restraint on mill and affordable.
the bloody mary bar saved my morning. coffee is strong and tasty.\n\noh yeah, the food is good too.  perfect for a brunch after a late night out.
Nice nice folks, pretty consistent inventory.  Their 3 g's for $45 less $5 for an AARP cardholder is a bargain.  Highly....reccomend!
The food was great, but the price was too high and the line was too long. For me, it wasn't worth it.
Do something about the traffic!    Put up signs and warn people who aren't coming to the show to stay away, at least.
I had the Spaghetti alla Capri, it could of been better.\nmy husband had Pizza with sausage and mushroom he said it was good
we've had them clean our carpets twice now, first was when my daughter started crawling. what sold me was their quick drying and non toxic cleaning solutions. they do a great job and they're always on time. they also come out with specials that they email you or is on their website.
So I had the pizza this weekend and it was mediocre at best.  Not likely to order it again.  As I stated above, the subs were good as were the wings but the pizza sauce seems like cheap canned grocery store variety and the cheese was very bland.  Disappointing.........
The gym is not the nicest! Half of the employees are friendly. Price is a little high.
Ordered at 8:12pm.  It is now 10:02pm and no food. Awful. Do not order.  Unless you want to wait for 2 hours and not get your food.
Always a great day when I get to go to this store! I always find cute stuff! Just wish they were closer to me!
This place has awful food.  Every dish was so salty we could not eat it.  The appetizer (calamari) was also too salty to eat.  We will never go back again.
Good bunt cakes, friendly staff, fairly quick on preparations
Alfred who bartends @ The Piano bar inside of The Orleans is a major jack a$$.  Why they tolerate his attitude is beyond me.  As worthless as they come and he is extremely rude with everyone there including the regulars.  If you can get his attention away from gabbing with the cocktail waitresses you will find out for yourself.
Getting worse not better.  1:30 appointment for a diagnostic and charge the AC, got the car back after 6:00pm.  Sent a poor 17 year old kid to pick us up as their courtesy driver once it was finally ready to go.
So awesome! Located right on Central in a cool little building in a cute shopping center. We were totally satisfied with flavors, so many great options. Very friendly service!Also the biggest & best variety of toppings I've seen at a yogurt place before. They had cheesecake bites so I'll be back soon ;)
Best gel manicure (in Rockstar Titanium) by Jessica figured I'm in Vegas! Nancy is a great brow shaper too! Friendly staff! I'm totally loving the glittery look tonight!
No matter how often I'm there, the staff is horribly rude - not just to me but to every customer. If I ever find another place to take children's items, I will not return. There is no excuse for the ugly attitude and behavior to everyone.
Amazingly unorganized.  I waited three hours to be told the documentation I had to register ab off road vehicle was not acceptable.  They said to come back to station 6 and I wouldn't have to wait.  Returned. .. was required to get a number and wait another hour. \nUse third party if at all possible!
I was impressed!  No Bloomingdales, but you can bet you will find anything you need here.
Prices are way too high for the type of service you receive.. I live in Los Angeles and pay less than the $27 that this salon charged for a mani pedi...
Amazing pasta, friendly stuff, nice relaxing atmosphere even though this place is really crowded. The best of the best manager super extra ordinary host Giuliano is the reason I will visit this place again. As a restaurant owner I know better. Giorgos
We ordered the shrimp ceviche for $10 and it contained exactly TWO shrimp. What a rip off! That is just unacceptable. Oh yeah, and the service was terrible. Slow and unfriendly.
Sophia was selected to teach a group of students a formal waltz at my daughter's graduation ball. The choreography was first rate and the performance was absolutely stunning!! Sophia is a talented and creative instructor who is both professional and fun! Sophia was highly recommended, and was wonderful to work with:) 2 thumbs and 2 toes up:))
My wife and I stopped by for the very first time and the food was freakin' awesome! They also do catering which btw all 30 guests of ours absolutely loved it and kept saying and asking \"this is so good, where is this from?\"
HUGE selection, fantastic customer service (very patient and friendly) and prices are pretty good. Keep it up guys!
It's an OK mall, a bit older.  I like Scottsdale Fashion Square better to be honest.  The Kierland/Scottsdale Quarter area may be better than PV as well.  Just my opinion.
the food was just ok, the service was nothing to write home about, and the decor/ambience was kinda blah and uninspiring. It would probably take a major retread to make me interested enough to come back.
i walked inside this hotel as I was walking the strip, and this place is fa-a-ncy! They have great decor and fancy sculptures and fountains... \nI wish I could afford to stay here for the weekend, but unfortunately its quite pricey :(
I ordered a sandwich here and it wasn't very good. They also didn't have honey mustard which is just an outrage.
Good pho portion size reasonable\nThere is no basil\n NOT authentic
I'm a little confused where this great customer service is!! We have currently been shopping here for about 2 hours, and not a single employee has said a word to us! Thank goodness we didn't need serious help, because it would have been hard to find a group of them standing talking! The store was clean and somewhat stocked!
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas! Alittle pricey but very worth. Kids meals are big portions. Friendly staff. Chicken Tortilla Soup is my favorite.
This place is a little hole in the wall and may look a little scary when you pull up, but the Pho is DELICIOUS!!
I used to love this place, but lately the service has gotten pretty bad. The wait time just to order is like 20 minutes. And the place is usually empty so it doesn't make any sense!
Great food and good bands!
Pretty limited menu. Order a bowl. Try the white tea. Don't order the salmon or the 1/2 chicken... Not worth it.
Slowest. Service. Ever. \n\nWe wasted our entire evening there after being trapped for two hours! Food was mediocre and expensive. The staff was friendly enough, but the slow service ruined everything for us.
So we just finished a wonderful meal at outbacks  and we go to pay and find out that they don't support the military.    I will stick to place that actively support the military.
The service was good. The food was gross and overpriced and made me sad to have to part with my money after eating the\"food barf.\" it was $50 including 2 beers for two people.
This place is great! The coffee is delicious and the staff are super friendly! Had some fresh fruit, egg sandwich and a salted caramel latte. The best. Can't wait to come back.
You get what you pay for, so pay $80/oz of Kobe Beef and you'll get BestPieceOfMeatYouWillEverEat/oz
Raucherbar = No-Go, auch mit \"L\u00fcftung\".\nSorry aber so komme ich nicht wieder, auch wenns lecker ist.
Not the best sushi...but good.  I do enjoy going there for drinks and the crowd.  Great looking peeps, good music, good drinks, friendly service, good location, good sushi..Im a happy girl;)
I just had monta again and had Chizuru as my server again and she was awesome. Very helpful had a smile on her face. Not sure if she recognized me from my previous review but either way I was very pleased. This place is AMAZING.
Definitely cozy.  Not cozy as in small, but cozy as in quaint.  They had candles lit on top of wine bottles, plaques commemorating Scottish heros and geniuses, and a great selection of beers and whiskies.  Service was great, environment was great, and the music on the pipes was fantastic.
Beautiful atmosphere but way too pricey! They're skimpy on providing rice and tend to hold back on flavoring their entrees. Spiciness doesn't make bland food into good food.
I wish they would bring back their traditional restaurant style of service like they had in their old location.  This has gone way down hill since moving to this location.  The food they offer is decent but nothing like they used to serve. The menu has been scaled down tremendously.  Please bring back the original Bombay Spice!!
Good but not great. Had a scramble and a latte. There was a big selection with something for everyone but I don't need to go back. Nothing special; got the job done.
I like this place. It's a fun atmosphere, the bartender is really friendly and fun. The shots 'banana cum suckers' are soooo good.
great cheese pitas  and dessert! The owner is also super helpful.  He explained to me and my husband what each item was and also gave us his suggestions.  We bought a bunch of different types that came straight out of the oven hot.  We literally sat in the car and devoured it.
They earned the extra half star...the offer duck sauce in packets! and you can order the fried rice without the carrots and peas.  They did a large \"to go\" order for me that I carried 300+ miles home and it held up amazingly!  Yum!
Way older crowd slow service leaving now
Just standing here on line now for over an hour watching the staff show absolutely no sense of urgency.   Unbelievable the lack of care for the customers who are waiting
Unbelievably expensive. I paid almost twice as much for an oil change, tire rotation, and in-cabin air filter change than I did at the dealer for the same services a few months back. I won't be back for sure.
Best sushi buffet i've ever eaten.  the buffet menu had amost everything i like and the price was very reasonable.  \n\ndef going back next time im in vegas
This place is awesome. The tea is way better than Starbucks and the coffee doesn't taste burnt. The manager, Debbie, is almost always there and is always very friendly and accommodating. I recommend the southern iced tea. It tastes like rose pedals with just a very slight sweetness.
Explained the problem I was having with the granite in my shower. Requested for him to provide a free estimate. He basically refused to even come out and take a look to provide a visual estimate.  \n\nCame off as very rude and unprofessional . Find another company to handle your tile/granite repairs.
Worst service I've ever seen, employee working was rude and unhelpful. It's a shame because I rarely write bad reviews but wow, pittsburgh is usually a great town.. If you can avoid it, don't go here.
APM is a complete joke!  Don't waste your time listing your investment property with them-I will let the countless horrible reviews speak for themselves and not waste my time writing all the garbage I want to write about them.
I do not really go to nail salons but I will say I will continue coming here because the environment is amazing. Mandi was the person who did my nails and her vibes was amazing. Not only that but the work was amazing I would not complain at all. Definitely would highly recommend for everyone to come here at least once.
No flavor and poor service.. Wouldn't recommend.
Delicious breakfast, original menu, fun ambiance. The  downside  was our long wait for a table (we were forewarned, therefore understandable), but  then on top of that the 60 minute wait from sit down to receiving food. The latter was totally unacceptable, especially at breakfast.
not sure whats going on,, the place seems very tattered now,  and the food quality has seem to gone way down,, Michael is doing his best I know but sometimes you need to step back and figure out whats wrong :(
Great place. It's slightly pricey but the food really is good so it's hard to complain. So if you're in to this kind of food it's worth it. But if you're not, it's not worth the price.
I took MAP 9, I'm in MAP 12 and I have a personal coach from SE5.  They've definitely helped me with my results!\n\nThanks Denise, Patricia and all the coaches!
great waitress, but super slow service in the kitchen. It took forever to get our food and it wasn't even busy. probably won't go back.
We just left after 3 lovely nights! So so happy! The perfect size, amazing location, scrumptious breakfast, stylish decor. We will be back! The street is \"the\" place to be in vieux Montreal!
The bbq chicken pizza was amazing. This is the only place in vegas i have seen sierra nevada torpedo on tap and it was only 5 bucks! The menu changes daily as well, which is dope!
Shady cabs. Left my phone in cab. Offered $20 for him to bring it back 5 mins after being dropped off; he responded $50. Sure ok...
It was just okay, might go back but nothing that I was excited and need more of. My daughter appreciated all the fresh fruit but honestly that was all that she ate.
The Parlor has now become my favorite pizza place in town. I live and die by the Puttanesca pizza. Oh, and I highly recommend trying the cheese plate; I love being able to select my own cheeses.
A pretty casual hotel restaurant. Because it's a hotel restaurant, you'll get your meal overpriced with a limited selection. At least parking is free in the lot.
Bad service, rest is ok. Especially the front desk people not very friendly and service oriented. My first and last time probably
Very bland food, an incompetent waiter and dirty dishes and flatware.  The draft beer was totally flat. Pretty awful.
The place looks nice since the renovation with a nice outdoor seating area and sleek interior, but it does not justify the overpriced groceries that can be found in almost every other grocery store in the area for less.
Lunch service was fairly quick for a full-service restaurant (no more than 10 minutes wait).  The food tasted fine but was not outstanding.  Ingredients were just average.  Prices seemed about 50% high for what was provided.  The venue and decor were adequate but not inspiring.
I only shop here because of their fuel perks with Shell Gas Stations.  This location is okay, by far the best in this neighborhood.  After dusk, there will be a security guard post here, not really sure why.  They have good alcohol beverages selections.  Food was okay, fruits and veggies are fresh.  Lots of dairy selections too.
Wow, the 5 women in this place are hardcore tweakers...\n\nAnd yeah what's with the insane prices
Awesome little shop featuring over 100 local artists.  Support local small business' and stop on here next time you need a gift.  There is something for everyone in all price points.  Love the switch plates!!
I had the best time . great food great service.. steaks Mmmmmmmmmm
After eating at the Flavor Buffet we decided that we liked it the food was good and the lines were not bad. My only complaint is there is no locals special. So no incentive to drive to the strip for ok food.
This neighborhood niche is one of my favorite local restaurants. Give this place a shot people... Good guys...great food..!
I love this urban outfitters store. Out of all the ones I've been to in California this one in vegas tops all of them. I always find good stuff everytime I come to visit! Even when they have Black Friday and after Christmas sale! I always find cute stuff! They even carry some Jeffrey Campbell stuff here
The best dim sum in Vegas.  Have been going there with my family whenever we are in Vegas. The place is busy, so make sure you get there before the crowd.  It's close to the strip and you won't be disappointed.
I've gone here 4 times, only because it's close to my house. They do a good job but the friendliness factor is not there. I think they all need a lesson in customer service.
After reading so many positive reviews, I expected much more from this place.  While the dish presentations were attractive and the flatbread was pretty good, the rest of our experience was unimpressive.  There are many other restaurants I would visit before considering a return to Eno Vino.
Foods good as always. Wanted to buy an empty medium-size cup. Instead of charging me the price for a cup they wanted to charge me a dollar 68 like I was getting a full soda. Ridiculous
Don't waste your time in the drive through. Saturday afternoon I waited for 5 minutes to order, no one responded. I had no choice but to stay in line. When I got to the window no one would even come and speak with me. The food is good I will say that much.
Not the best area and not the cleanest QT.
Love this place! Smoke meat is really good. The only problem : its really small and elbow to elbow seating isn't really pleasant.
Everytime I go through the drive thru at this Starbucks, I end up leaving very frustrated. The wait time is always around 8 minutes, which is way too long for something that should be quick. I will not be coming back to this location!
I love their omelettes and hashbrowns! Also, I love how everyone always yells out, \"Hello\" whenever you walk in!!
Quaint, Cozy, Great selection. \nHidden Gem. \nNeeds a bit more music for atmosphere but really enjoyed it.
I can't judge their in store dining. I order online through their website and am always in/out In 1 to 2 minutes or less. Great restaurant, quick food, great service. Probably the best fast food casual in the neighborhood.
this place is our main stay for good happy hour , lunch or dinner. the food is good and the service is usally top notch.
As far as Chinese places in this area , I think this is one of the best. Their food is less greasy than wang and king and they are very fast and affordable . Had way better Chinese food in Florida and the UK to be honest but for around here this place can't be beat...   (:
Worst service of my life. Slow service. Wasn't busy at all. Got cold bread around the same time my pizza came out. Save your money and go elsewhere.
Armando did a nice job, the complimentary gift was a nice touch.  I wish it was closer to my apartment as it is quite a drive.
I love this place!!! First time trying Venezuelan food and I am hooked on this place. Loved the pulled pork sand.. and the OMG plantains! \n\nI will be back and blogging on this place!\nOne very happy customer!
Pasties are good, yes? The service at this location blows. Who wants to drive all the way to Mesa, though?
This place is fantastic, great relaxing hookah, and delicious tapas!
Small menu but great selections
The Place is nice the bartenders are good at there job descent food and separate smoking area
My favorite sandwich chain. Everyone raves about the bobby and the Capistrami but I love their cheesesteaks. 3 stars for this specific location. The food is never consistent and my cheesesteaks are always under seasoned. My favorite location at red rock station would get 4-5 stars.
Good food! I have been there multiple time and have yet to been let down. Great job guys. Twinky Milk Shake was craaaaazy!
The staff is knowledgeable but two fish died in under two weeks and they only have a 48 hour refund....
Was excited when I moved here from Vegas to find a Macayos.  Easily the best smooth salsa around.  I will say while they get four stars for the salsa I prefer the food of the restaurants overall in Vegas.  Menus are slightly different here in AZ.
Not impressed. Not sure what everyone is raving about. We ordered a number of the dishes on the menu and i really wanted to like this place but am sad to report it was not even worth trying it for me. They do have a great sake selection though.
Not the place to host your wedding but as a place to get late night food to soak up cocktails this fits the bill. Truthfully if you are picky not the place for you but not many casino cafes open w a full menu late night anymore.
Good gelato but thank goodness there wasn't a huge line this time. The chocolate mousse and hazelnut is highly recommended.
Not impressed at all with the pedicure... I could of done a better job myself!
Stopped by for a drink stayed for two and wanted more need to go back and try food. Staff was excellent funny and friendly.
Wings tasted ok, except I wish they were spicier. There's no beers/alcohol, and no happy hour or specials. They would close 30 minutes earlier than they were supposed to. Was trying to find a good wing place like Buffalo Wild Wings in Los Angeles, but this one was alright for our fix.
Our first time at Morenos. AWESOME Mexican Food. Two (of best tacos I've had in long time) rice & beans $8,49 great specials like Wed $1.99/tacos. Chen them out. (S.W. Corner Gilbert & Germann in Chandler, AZ)
thought the sushi rolls were pretty mediocore.  though if you're there on a weekday, you really can't beat their happy hour specials.  there's also sometimes a dj, which helps keep the place lively.
Honestly bummed. Read the great reviews and ordered delivery. But it's been over two hours and it's not here. When I called they never answered. Looks like I don't get to try the delicious pizza. :(
Pro- it's cheap...\nCon- you get what you pay for...\nGot a haircut and seriously I could have done better myself, with my eyes closed.
It's Britney Bitch and she does put on quite performance.  The  theatrics are fantastic and her dancing is still superb.  She does lip sync but seriously, the actual performance is flawless and the songs are true classics.  Seating is great although you will spend most of the 90 min. on your feet.
the restaurant changed name, atmosphere, and menu yesterday. we really enjoyed the place last month, not now. Quite a disappointment. now just another routine Italian restaurant, and not very good. service slow and poor,pizza no better than grocery frozen. really too bad, it had great possibilities.
LOVE this restaurant. So many tasty choices! Best northern chinese food in AZ. I feel so happy to go here.
Normally I like paradise bakery more but this location has screwed up my order more often than not
Best tofu soup in vegas.\n\nMy favorites are:\nSeafood tofu soup\nPork tofu soup\nDolsot bibimbop\nPork bulgogi\n\nBanchan has clean taste and seasoned well.
Pretty good. I had a Chili cheese and it was like a coney from Texas only better. I really liked the actual dogs themselves. Good flavor and a little snap. I can see why they are a big deal in California.
Red velvet pancakes is so good!!! It has so much flavor and the syrup is just right.
I have been a customer at C&G Jewelers for the past eight years. They do beautiful work, in a timely manner. Their customer service is excellent. Recently, I had them reset an antique ring, and I couldn't be more pleased with the way it turned out. I highly recommend C&G Jewelers.
Was at AJ'S this afternoon and found the staff extremely helpful and friendly.  They have a room in the back where you can sample wines, and they always have at least one staff who is knowledgable about the wines and can help you find the perfect wine.
OH MAN! I attended a shower this past Saturday that had a Tammie Coe cake there! It was unbelievable! \n\nThe cake was a sponge cake, it had some kind of custard filling that may have been made by angels with layers of fresh diced strawberries. So heavenly!
Worst experience ever! Horrible service, surly waitress and a manager that does not care. Avoid this place like like plaque!!!
Food is excellent!!!  \nAnd fast service...although they could be a bit nicer!
Was here in September 2009 on 2 ocassions.  Decent atmosphere, but hard to have a conversation with someone and nothing special going on here.  Bartenders were OK on service
Food, service and lighting are reminiscent of Denny's on a bad night. The wine glass was so small it was distracting. Too bad, so little competition in the area.
Wow, if you need lots of produce, this is THE place for you.  I feed 3 desert tortoises and boy do I save $$ at this place.  I did hear through a friend that during the winter you can't even get in the parking lot....better take advantage of this place while the snowbirds are away.
for anyone looking for nose hair waxing, Trina does a great job!
Close to freeway 15. Cheap rooms, clean, I just didn't like the stand up shower, one small sink, no elevator if you stay at the courtyard.  Stairs is all they have so don't pack heavy...lol. Starbucks inside the hotel :)
A beautiful piece of Italian heaven!  The food speaks for itself!
I always thought of the tropicana as old and dingy, however a great deal has completely charged my mind! While I wouldn't stop here for the casino, the hotel is quite nice. Nicer than the Luxor or other hotels on the strip around the same price. The other bonus was hilton honors points!!
The food was ok, but not worth the very expensive prices.  I realize they are charging you for the \"experience\", but I don't think it would be worth doing more than once.
not that much of a fan.  went with friends we were there kind of late.  the service was really bad.  i left hungry.  we went because of there large gluten free menu.  the food was good but not that great!
Terrible experience. So bad I can't even describe it. Service completely failed. \nWaited for Table (almost 30 mins even with a reservation). Waited for drinks, waited for food, I talked to the manager, he kindly comped my glass of wine.
Fair well old friend. You will be greatly missed. After being in downtown Pittsburgh for 60 years, Saks Fifth Avenue is now closed. :(
I got sick on a holiday is this was one of the few places in vegas that takes my crappy insurance.   Service was quick and fast- and I was able to get a note to extend my 3 day weekend.
California Pizza Kitchen is corporate food at its best. The restaurant has a pizza oven and the wide selection of pizzas are all made by hand with fresh ingredients. The bar is well stocked an faces and somewhat entertaining in that it faces the open pizza kitchen. Simply a great place to get a well made pizza and craft beer.
My most favorite place to eat. The service is terrific. They really aim to please. Paneer Tikki Masala is my favorite. They make a wonderful, smoky buttered naan. My kids love the Mango Lassi. We crave this food when we are not there.
My favorite sushi spot. The food is killer and the staff exceptional. I like to go solo, sit at the sushi bar, and watch the chefs work their magic. Sushi is an art unto itself.
Good prices, nice clean fast food style restaurant. Service was attentive enough, and the food TASTED ok. Not great, but ok. The problem is, it made me sick to my stomach later. In ways I don't care to discuss. I felt off the rest of the day, and will NOT be returning.
What a great addition to Old Town! Extremely relaxing atmosphere, great service and delicious food!
Love this place...  The seafood is super fresh and the atmosphere is fun.
I love this place. We ate at Carlos OBriens down the street first and I thought yuck, where is the mexican food in scottsdale. Well, I found it! The food was delicious. The service was a little slow, but I was blown away by the food so I will tolerate the service.
Stopped in after an exhausting day/night on the strip. \n\nGood service, good food.
Poor service.... wanted me to wait an hour for a SMOG CHECK.... A 2 MIN PROCEDURE.   When I called they were open... 20 min later it would be an hour wait...
Yeah, not the greatest of buffets and a little pricey. I came for the crab legs and they're really dry. The rest of food not great either. Both Angela and I decided we're never coming back. Oh well.
Typical Chipotle flavor but the service staff always seems annoyed and they're light on that guac we all pay to have added.
Went for a quick lunch. Had the 2 beef taco combo with chips and salsa. Salsa was very good, made fresh daily. Tacos, beans and rice were bland. Nice clean place with friendly staff.
Went there first time Friday. I like to be served at a restaurant but this way I was able to put what I wanted into my meal. The wait staff are terrific here. I will definitely  be back here !!!!!!
Simply AMAZING in details and taste! A must for the love of food.
No improvement, still making mistakes on orders..I spoke to the manager, no response, like talking to an 18 yr. old McDonalds manager...my last visit, I tried.
Food was good. Atmosphere was god for the family. If you love vegetarian food, this is a good place.
Very taste, fantastic service! They pride themselves on no oil healthy cooking. Everything was delicious and you don't feel loaded down after your meal.  Make sure to get a mango lassi to wash all that yummy food down.
Not a fan, there is a male  manager or maybe the owner that is just not friendly and makes me uncomfortable so I go to the store on Bell Road which is out of the way because they are much nicer.
Good basic Mexican Food.  Nothing fancy and sometimes that is a good thing.  Service is great, prices are reasonable, an the food is exactly what you expect.  Full drink menu that you would expect to get at a basic Mexican restaurant.  When your in the mood for good basic Mexican food this is the place.
Burger was excellent. Cooked as ordered. Building your own burger allows you to make it just how you like it. Ordering for the first time can be confusing and persons taking the order not too helpful. Seems like they assumed we done it before.\n\nThe order came out quickly.
Fast delivery and decent asian food in the madison area. A little too greasy and too much soy sauce, but I would definitely order delivery again.
Good food and nice patio.  And they are great with kids! Very relaxing with a great fire table!
I've had better Brazilian bbq elsewhere, but I guess if you don't have this in your hometown, it's worth a try.  The waiter wasn't very attentive, but the meat servers were excellent.  Some of the meat was a little dry.
Waited 20 min to be seated. Had terrible service and almost left. The pizza was ok and I was not much of a fan of the beer. My wife had it in Ohio and loved it but she said this BJ's was not nearly as good. Hard to find parking at this mall.
Went there on Saturday afternoon and completely disappointed. Music was so loud and distaste. Video games not on, beer pong tables sticky and nasty. I was there when first open and a lot of fun. Now just dirty and  uninviting. I wish i could give no stars...don't waste your time here.
I agree with the other reviewers.  This station is a dump.  It's dirty and lots of shady people hanging around. My car got boxed in when I went inside.  The clierk was so clueless on how to use the cash register that I just left.
It's over priced! Everything is small plates. We were staying mid week and we had a 30 minute wait to eat.
Dr. AGNEW IS THE BEST !!!  SHE is very knowlegble and compassionate.  Staff is accommodating .  Helpful and very friendly.  Been coming here for 7 years.. wouldnt think of going anywhere else.
Fast in the drive thru....awesome service. baristas are so friendly and nice
They went out of business.  They do not respond to calls or emails.  They are not issuing refunds.
Overall not a bad eating experience but it is certainly not the best. The goat biryani was not that great, the tangari kabab was cold. The chaats and the gajar ka halwa were good.
$12 for a tiny Beef on Weck sandwich and fries... $11 for a pound of wings (that's about 7 wings)...$18.25 for a large cheese and pepperoni pizza... Overpriced bar food to say the least.
Expensive and crowded. Not fun.
Took my Suburban in a couple weeks ago for routine maintenance.  Discovered I had bad outer tie rods.  Replaced them and aligned the front end.  Excellent work.  Took my Corvette in today for an alignment.  Again, excellent service and very professional staff.    I highly recommend them.
not a creative name and the restaurant isn't good either.  I ordered the steak and eggs for 6$ and didn't finish it.  This is a good place to head to if your staying at the monte carlo and is hungry at 4am in the morning, however i wouldn't recommend going somewhere else though.
Love this place! Fantastic omelets and benedicts
I went here with 2 of my friends. It is clean and service was good but the food was disgusting. We all got different dishes and none of liked it. My sauce tasted like it was chef boyardee canned sauce. Would not recommend this place if you have taste buds.
I went with a group of four for the hibachi.  It's just like Benihana.  I find the food expensive, but the it was entertaining watching food fly outside my kitchen.  I had the NY steak.  Personally, I prefer to have my steak in one piece.
Love the Scottsdale campus!!!. The Peoria Camus is my church home but this is a great addition to the family.  Reaching the valley of the SON in his name !!! :)
I am getting INCESSANT calls from this company. It's ridiculous.
Very glad Cane's made their way to Arizona...it was one thing I missed about living in Las Vegas! It's not close to home, but always worth the drive for fresh, hot and delicious food and great service. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is clean and it is cheap comfort food.
Really friendly servers and hostesses, love the decor and layout, food is good. Loved the siu mai sampler, the hot noodles are great, and LOVED the taiwanese shaved ice.
Cargo gets a solid 3 stars and an occasional 4th star. Service is generally pretty good and the Coffee is consist. Grabbed a Chix Wrap today - solidly OK, a bit bland, but the service was good. If you are in the Park Street neighborhood, this is the go to local coffee joint.
The lobster pot pie... The kobe steak with foie gras...  Would have given it 5 stars, but the waiter seemed disinterested after we didn't order wine.
I have done several deals over the years with Stew. He is top notch. Not only is he extremely knowledgeable but he puts his clients first (he can be pretty funny too).
Great Greek food including awesome Gyros!! They also have live music here a lot which is a great escape from doing your homework!  This place gets busy as lunch because it's right by the quad!
I imagine at least a solid 60% of people who are trying to catch morning or afternoon flights out of here are hung over. \n\nWho thought it was a good idea to make this the loudest, brightest airport in the country?
Never go there on a game day. They cater to people parking for games and don't care about their actual customers. Oh and they charge for parking just to shop on a game day.
Bomb bay ! everything here is good.
I love this store. It is adorable and you are able to pick up some unique pieces. The staff is friendly and I enjoyed stopping in.
We are here for Restaurant Week. For the price of $20+, I got a smoothie, breakfast entree, and mini dessert. For the price, food wasn't bad and appropriately portioned. Service was very slow because they were under-staffed. Overall, experience was okay, but happy to give a little to charity!
We picked up pulled pork BBQ based on the great reviews on yelp. I found the pork to be bland and soggy. The place is very tiny and we had to wait in line to order right next to people eating. I was definetly invading their personal space but had no choice. I do not recommend
I had the number 12 to go. I was disappointed with this dish. It was greasy and had too much cheese. It was also fairly bland.
This place is the bomb!! Excellent AYCE!! I'm in love with the Catercheese roll! Great place plus they're open until 2am!!
Pros: Extremely comfortable beds. And that's it\n\nCons: parking is disastrous, counter staff is extremely rude
It's basically a loud, dimly-lit sports bar that serves cheap, greasy 1/2 finger food after 11pm. Nothing really stood out and, again, the food was really greasy. \n\nMeh. Go if you have midnight munchies and you want cheap food.
In a few words : Mercy is better/cleaner/nicer/less gritty/dingy and depressing.
Always stop off here while in Montreal. Too bad they don't serve Poutine like this in Toronto, North York, Scarborough, etc....Terrific,  :P  Went in one early Saturday morning and the place was packed,  8O ! Hope to drop by again in March.
poor service rounded out with poor quality pizza make this a place to stay away...\n\nnot recommended... \n\ngo to a pizza hut or dominoes near by because this place will leave you spending 45 bucks for 1 awful pizza, 24 soggy wings and a wilted salad
I came in to turn my long hair into a very shirt haircut. I showed Angela some pictures if what i was thinking of, an she did a fantastic job. It was worth every dollar and I will go back to her next time Im in town.
Food was average but Johnny the bartender worked hard to plz me Half price appetizers was nice b4 7 too. Loud crowd 4 game. Was fun.. place now closed!
Gluten-free pizza was gross and cold. Will not be eating there again. Go to Grimaldi's! It's worth the price!!
Poor customer service. Kimi was quiet and unfriendly. She made me uncomfortable when determining if I was \"eligible\" for a fill, since most of the lashes she did fell out in a week and a half. I will be going elsewhere for lash extensions.
Normally give this place a 4 . But today was do bad my wife ordered French toast no powder sugar got 1/2 piece of toast took over 1 hour 30 mins.
Amazing care! These women are amazing. I can not say enough. I delivered my last two children with Shell and her midwife team. Felt so loved, secure and safe. Their births were amazing experiences. Wonderful prenatal and postpartum care as well as maternal support.
Never had anything like it. Very impressed with the different spin on shaved ice,  lots of variety,  swanky and new decoration.  Date night worthy. We'll definitely be back!
Not much to say here the place is permanently closed buildings been sitting empty for a  year.
Yogurtland IS THE BEST frozen yogurt I've ever had!  Cool ambiance and good customer service!
Definitely not serving the hotel quality standard foods but located in the palazzo hotel. We stayed at Venetian, and got the coupon from the hotel, so we decided to try as we don't want to go too far with carrying my 18 months old's son. I would say the dim sum from Chinatown has better quality.
We were seated.\nWe perused the menu.\nWe chatted.\nWe colored.\nWe waited.\nWe were not ever approached by a server, not in 10-15 minutes of sitting there.
Best tuna melt sandwich ever!! \nAlways makes you want to come back for more.
Most authentic European cuisine in Charlotte. Exceptional veal dishes
Pizza and garlic bread was alright. Lets get real the only reason we ate here is because it's the only place open 24hrs. Later on they do have breakfast items.
Horrible service, sloppy install, and late for appt more than once.  They had to come out multiple times before finally I gave up.  To top it off they damaged my car and didn't tell me.  Stay away!
- Overrated\n- Expensive\n- Hipsters\n\nThree strikes and you're out, Caffe Paradiso.
I love TEXMEX.  It's a nice place and the most favorite Mexican restaurant in\nCharlotte.\nI reccomed beef fajita and tortilla soup!\nEvery food is good what you eat!
BBQ is good; great flavor in the rub for the meats.  I would not choose a non meat item.  My wife had the catfish and it was so so.  Service was really friendly and fast.
Food was very good. I just can understand why they don't have wifi access for customers. This is not good for my business meetings.
I think this may be the first ever unsa unsa club I have enjoyed. Crowded but not annoying, great music, fun crowd. I would certainly go back!
Nice facilities. Line guys are awesome, desk staff not so much. Fuel is uber-expensive, but ramp fees aren't too bad if you don't meet minimum fuel requirements to waive the fee.  This is what you get when there's no competitors on the field.
The Mirage is an older casino that is still nice but is a little bit dated.  The location is outstanding and the gaming good. The check in can be long and tedious and they add a \"Resort Fee\" to your bill.
Went to the drive through just for an ice cream cone and I was informed that they weren't selling ice cream. When we pulled up to wait for the car in front of us to get there order we saw the worker hand them an    Ice cream come..
Love the tender steak. Everything is so flavorful! I would deff come here everyday if I have the money to!!! Love love love love
Not for anyone looking for authentic Chinese food. I would go for the location if staying in Bellagio. Otherwise, it's overpriced and the poor quality does not deserve it.
The pizza was very good. The salad need more to it.
The food is pretty good, but I don't understand why their lunch specials are so expensive. I once ordered a pad thai to take home to my husband, after I dined with a friend at lunch, and ended up like $40 in the hole. Brutal!
I enjoyed the pizza. The bar area is a great place to meet new people because the seating necessitates sharing tables.
The pretzel is the best I've ever had! Yet the service ruins it. Come here to drink not eat
My favorite place for steaks in Charlotte. They don't nickel and dime with family style overpriced sides or push bottled water. The filet tips are outstanding! Meals come wit salad and sides. The salad toppings are brought to the table, you pick the toppings. Reasonable prices.
I have brought my Cadillac twice to the service department to be fixed for the same issue. I now have to bring it a third time for the same issue. It is still under warranty. Very disappointed. I expected more from a Cadillac service dept.
Nothing spectacular. I actually think Panda Express is better than this place.
Eat here all the time...some of the best sushi in Vegas...out of towners agree too. Happy hour all day Sun-Thurs with 1/2 off rolls....great deal! Order the Crazy Boy Roll + cream cheese and you won't be disappointed!
The casino, sports book, cinemas and restaurants are above average. The food in the buffet could use a little work, but overall it is decent for a neighborhood casino.
Worst pizza I've had. They don't make it like they used to. Everything looked like it it was slapped on with out care no pride what so ever.  no parmesan cheese & peppers
Ok, so I came back again and had deplorable service. The good food wasn't good enough for the slow, in attentive and at times rude staff. Not to mention a side of regular, plain rice is $4.
They did the place over a while ago since that the prices went up and the quality of food went down. You use to come here at least once every other month or so but last couple of times the food has been crappy and there prices went up. Think I'll just start ordering in and find a game for the kids to play.
Hands down best buffet in Las Vegas. Save room for dessert cause the dessert station has quite a selection.
This place has never disappointed me and has always impressed visitors. Great drinks, an awesome happy hour, superb decor and awesome music soundbites.
Small, casual restaurant with excellent fish, prices and service. I had the grilled sole and it was enormous and delicious, especially with their special hot sauce. I also had a Quebec beer, Boreale Blonde, which was quite good.
Happy hour is what made me go here which was awesome then it turned into a club scene which I didn't mind either. Had a good night randomly here. Good bartenders and the hookah was good. I also like the location because parking was free.
Whats the owners name and I know Ms Li i don't her last name did sOmebody give me her name I'm not sure
It's great food, good service. We LOVE the green Chile bowl, just a great place to have good food at an affordable price.
This is by far the slowest Chipotle ever. Thursday night at 8:00 they have 6 ppl in the kitchen but only two line prep people. The line has gone to the door.
There's only one person I trust in the world cutting my hair and that's Erica at Infiniti Creations. I call her the hair sculptor for a reason, she is amazing in every aspect.
I enjoy the lumpia and pancit. Each year we have a roasted pig at our Holiday potluck at work. It's always tasty.
Lovely little coffee shop.  I had a salted caramel latte and a Good For You cookie. Both were delicious.  The decor is retro campy; the proprietor is very friendly and down to earth, as I remembered Pittsburghers to be. She's greeting the locals like old friends. Makes me want to move back!
Didn't stay here but was here for an event in their lobby, and it definitely had a weird vibe... for Vegas.  That is, there wasn't any gaming.  This is probably a great hotel if you come to Vegas for a trade show and are a boring person who doesn't enjoy all Vegas has to offer.
They Horrible Service And Hospitality,  I Was Charged and Never Got Any Pictures Nor DVD. Because of the baby's position, and in order to reschedule I have to pay again, so I will be reporting them to the better business bureau
Interesting menu, great service. Really good alternative to a chain breakfast experience!
I can't believe the the Bourbon Hamburger can not be ordered without mushrooms, unless of course you also leave off the onions and peppers.  as I despise mushrooms, I did just that and ended up with a rather dry and tasteless hamburger.  I was very disappointed to say the least.
Great deal, great pizza. We never dine in, always take out so can't comment on the that, but our to go experience has always been great.
Liked it years ago, but it seems to be getting  worse as time goes on. At this point I don't think we will ever go back. The service is consistently bad and the food has really gone down hill. With all the dining options in Vegas, there is really no reason to waste any more money here.
They definitely need to fire there staff. What kind of worker doesn't even greet you with a simple hello???? Waste of money and time. Take your money to Fat Tuesday at least for drinks anyway
Pretty good sushi, pricy but happy hour prices are good (50% off). Not really filling, but nice customer service.
Ain't the cheapest spot.\nFood is above average.\nWins for aesthetic.
Sad news! It looks like it's the last 2 weeks for this cafe shop. Unfortunately is closing.. It was a warm and inviting place, great food and amazing people. I wish them the best of luck in there next chapter..
5:38 pm on a Tuesday nite and the bar manager lets the Guinness keg run dry then takes 20 minutes 2 change it.  Really? In an Irish bar?  LAME!
This was quite bad. We received a deep dish pizza to our door that was literally cold in the middle. Of course we had the pleasure of paying $30 for it!\n\nPass. Better pizza to be found within a 15 min drive.
It's ok. Nothing that would blow your mind. Just a normal asian fusion restaurant.
I absolutely love this place!  Heather the owner is a gem! The food is consistently good!  I recommend her spaghetti. She knows how to throw down!
We love this store for our soccer needs. The owner and staff are all extremely helpful and I love the fact that they have everything we need and we don't have to go anywhere else. Thanks Soccerloco
I was SO excited to see Golden Krust outside NY so I had to stop in while in the shopping center.  My curry goat was SO delicious and had all the right flavor and spice.  The flavors reminded me of the great food I used to get when I lived near a Jamaican area in Brooklyn!
I cannot stand this place. Servers were rude and the food was not very good. I got better service at fast food. don't do it4!
Great sushi and atmosphere!
The angry grinch guy with the glasses pretty much annoyed us the whole time we were there. If you work at a place with children be happy! Don't ruin an experience for people who are paying to have fun.
Good food for the price. Good selection.
More like underground mall. There's nothing city about. It's a bunch of shops and places to eat, and just happens to be bellow ground. If you want a good mall, sure check it out. But if you're looking for something more, this is a waste of your time.
Just stopped by for a quick bite to eat. Seen the adult smoothies variety and just had to have one. I was expecting a small cup size but it was actually larger and really good. Had the wings and was surprised how awesome they tasted.
We came here in 2011 and had the best wonton soup ever. Fast forward to 2013, tried the wonton soup based on previous experience and it was definitely a let down, not even close to what we had in 2011. If you remember great soups at this place be careful you might be disappointed.
My first time eating here I had the Palo Verde burger that had green chilies, fried shoe string onions, and a chipotle mayo that was one of the best burgers I have had in a while. And I just ate at five guys yesterday. \n\nI will definitely be going back with the family.
some of the food was really good other stuff was horrible. the company party we were apart of had the party outside it was freezing....  i dont think id go back here ..
Great service, nice menu, but don't order the pannini' s,  they  are just a sandwich.
I was in Vegas for business, just wanted to pick up a show one night and O had inexpensive seats. I really need an experience to move me in order to dole out a 5 star rating. It was a great fun show but not a 5. Loved the water and the fact that it is at the Bellagio really helps also.
Met up with my friend and her mom for some day time drinking. Was not disappointed with this place. Great beer selection and the poutine dish was perfect. Will absolutely be returning
The best smoked meat!
Just drove 12 miles to get to Tacos LV, based on 5 Star recommendations, and it has closed. It is not there anymore and the phone number has been reassigned.
Fast, friendly service. Breakfast was very good. My husband had ham and eggs. It was perfectly prepared, and the slice of ham was as large as a dinner plate. We will definitely go back when in the area.
Thank u danyal...although I don't see u much but I'm always relaxed when I see u. Usually do all the facials but this time I did the body wrap. Felt really good after it and looking forward into coming to u for more treatments.
Great place for an amazing price.
Cannot remember his name but the sales associate who track down a pair of shoe I wanted and didn't stop until he located it at another store and had \"Daisy\" hold it for me. Thank you! That was great customer service!!
I have only gone inside a couple times, but WOW on the customer service!  Chase is the best bank I have ever used, and I've probably had accounts at half a dozen over the years.  Everything is stellar, especially at this location.
Beware of these folks on Groupon.    We bought a groupon for these call several times with no answer and finally got an appointment several weeks out.  Despite calling yesterday (to no answer of course) to attempt to confirm appointment,  they are a no show for the appointed day/time for the car detailing.
Just a killer breakfast.\nEverything was perfect and the service was splendid.
Me and my wife want there for \nCelebrating anniversary. \nThe food was in the table in 15-20 min \nAnd the taste was beyond expectation\nLove this restaurant for good ! \nI would recommend it to everyone I know.
It's an Applebee's...what do you expect?  Every Applebee's I've ever been to has sticky tables...must be something in how they are made or cleaned.  The shot glass desserts aren't bad, but if you go here, you know what you are getting in to.
What a great place. I love the idea they have come up with. The servers are all volunteers and so is much of the other staff.  All the profits and tips go to feed people in need.  Cool idea!  Then, the food is also great!  What a peaceful and enjoyable place.
Very friendly staff. Was a new customer and after just 3 visits they knew my order right away. :)
The name is more appropriate than ever. Weird that I now long for Coyote Alley.
Love this place first started going off to the one on Warmsprings been going to this one lately just because it's on the way to everything that I do in town always consistent love the spicy beef and chicken combo macaroni salad is out of this world
This place sucks so bad my medium steak was burned to he'll my wife's pasta had a pice of plastic in it \nI will not go back here if it was free\nService was great they kept us ocoupied for 1:30 min before we got our food
I worked out with the friend of mine at Golds we decided to go take a look and see what Spartan had to offer. The store is very small so the selection is poor and crowded ,prices are good customer service was very bad the guy just sat behind the counter reading his phone . I asked him a question and he seemed annoyed by it.
The food was good -- not great. Service and management was really poor: amateurs with wrong antagonistic attitude towards their clients. Typical provincial attitude of somebody that thinks/acts as a big fish in a very small pond. No finesse, no style, but OK heavy food.
The food is pretty good, but honestly feels like your a burden to the staff. Drinks were empty the entire meal. Had to flag server down for service.
Absolutely horrible. Smoothies all taste like dirt and are extremely overpriced. Go to Jamba Juice or make your own smoothie if you're obsessed with healthy juices and smoothies.
Really...!! The security guy (white tall dude) need to fuckin chill and stop fuckin disrepect people... Fuckjng dumb fuck....
Friendly staff. Great course. Wellmaintained. Saw my first desert snake. Help! Highly recommended
If NO stars was a choice these clowns would earn it. Horrible service, lies, awful business model. Beware. Missed deadlines, made up stories, and pointed fingers to other irrelevent milestones. If you need quality on time work performed, you will not find it here.
Friday night early. Pizza satisfactory, Caesar salad lacking in tangy taste. Cashier, also the wine uncorker had not idea how to do it. Staff seemed to be rushing around without too much guidance.\n\nOur take - okay for takeout, not for dine-in
Great filled doughnuts.  We used to get a box of these every Friday night at work (I worked second shift).   Good memories.
AMAZING!!!  We drive all the way from Summerlin.  A good 30 minute drive!!!! Everything is delicious.  Please build a cafe in Summerlin!!
Love this place. Close to my house, reasonably priced and everything have tried on the menu has been delicious. My favorite is the Tacocombo, Carne asada burritos are awesome.
The ladies that did my mom and my nails were really nice! They did great with our nails! 11$ for regular nail polish and 5$ extra for a French. I say it was a good deal!
The best Chinese fast food place so far. We bough Mongolian beef, general Tao chicken, combo kungpao, chow mein and the stuffed wontons. All were pretty good except the wontons lacked flavor and stuffing. But overall pretty good...
I love this place!!!! The best my dog has looked ( and smelt, lol) in a long time!! they really took their time there and made sure i was happy with everything from start to finish. I give it a 10 thumbs up!!!
Couldn't have asked for better made it super simple took no more than 20mins
Great theater. When I lived here, I came every week, religiously. I saw an opening weekend movie and I liked how it showed every hour on the hour. \n\nConcessions were good and all staff members were nice. However, there was only one ticket agent on when we were there and a big long line.
These guys make it very clear they don't like working with home owners. Short answers with an attitude is a typical Dunn Edwards response. Frazee is right down the road and they are fine working with contractors or home owners.
Skip it.  Great atmosphere, but over-priced mediocre food.  Grilled cheese was nothing more than I could make.  Chicken club was edible... But nothing special .  Food quality was way below expectations and nothing was very good.
Had a wonderful evening, great intimate theater, not a bad seat in the house....
This place totally rocks, have been here countless times.  Love the chicken steak, and the drinks here.
Thank you yelpers for helping us find this place! I've never had shaved ice/shaved ice cream like this before. It was amazing! The place could use more seating though.
Why oh why would you choose to wait for 45 minutes on a Thursday morning to eat here? I have no idea but we did today. \n\nThe eggs benedict was average at best. The juices were your typical supermarket brands. The atmospehere is tropical, but very senior. Meh.
I ran into some trouble with my stereo system and stopped in here to get some help. They were all great but Joey really did a great job fixing it for me excellent customer service!!
A slightly older crowd, drinks are good..crowd? Well I can't even describe it.  Odd and bizarre. Music is pretty good.
I thought this place had a great idea but the quality of the ramen was lousy. The tonkatsu broth did not have any pork flavor at all and noodles was so so. Hope they get better.
One of the greatest places to have a beer and meet good people.
Just a well run facility. The Vets on staff are always been young, attentive, sensitive and caring to both of the dogs that I have taken here.\n\nWait times have never been long, and the front desk staff has always been sharp and \"on it\".
Not impressed, waiter not attentive to empty drinks. Expensive small plates, won't be back! Entertainment ok
Very average food and horrible service. Waitress gave us attitude for not understanding her accent and never even bothered to check on us once during meal.
I had heard about the famous location in Holywood, so I had my wife try it.. She wasn't very impressed, but I had a bite too and it was pretty decent. Typical hot dog if that's what you want. Onion rings looked like they would have been really good. Cool people watching on the strip though!
Love the OTB they have there!!! Went on Saturday for the Kentucky Derby and it was busy but services was great still. The Chopped chicken salad was excellent.
Completely average in every way. Average ingredients, no chefs and small selection of deserts available from your grocer's frozen section.
This is the REAL DEAL.
Love this place. Lana is such a perfectionist and I never feel rushed. My gel nails will last 3 weeks and still look amazing. Lately have been wanting fun designs and Lana never disappoints.  Only downfall is they are always really busy from open to close so you should call for a appointment.
Nice selection and pricing.
Good Euro Zza & Happy Hour
Fun place to visit, especially if you have kids!
Great little shop and cafe. They do scrumptious toasted marshmallow milkshakes,\njust choose the  flavour youd like!. They  have beer marshmallows too! Nice for gifts too & not expensive.
Poor atmosphere, poor service. \nCareful with your receipt these guys overcharge the credit card.
Delicious.  Great place for a sandwich, especially late.  Good alternative to Filiberto's or Amado's when you work overnight.  Quality sandwich.  A bit pricey, but no argument here.
Nothing special, but for some Pho, the price is on the higher end. I'll stick with some of the other places...
Had steak and lobster !  Surprisingly great stuff didn't know TGIF even had this on the menu! Fantastic!!!
Very helpful every time I visit.
A step up from the Olive Garden in a nicer, better ambiance, fun location. Bread and pasta taste very fresh. Great service. I would only go here again if I'm staying at the Monte Carlo ( which I was ).  I can't picture myself driving out of my way to get here..
Very nice and unique place,\nGood service. No way to get a table without a reservation on the weekend. Worth to think about the place when you around.
Cheese Steaks!  That's what they do ... place looks like a bar (but no liquor offered) ... very clean ... very nice ... GREAT Cheese Steaks ... with Cheese Wiz and the buns rock!!!
Terrible lol. Lady that Works in the night shift was terrible, doesn't know how to take orders,, just straight our mean! Lol
I had a pizza topped with pineapples and ham (Hawaiian is my favorite!)  Although it tasted great, I did not like that the cheese was somewhat greasy.\n\nThe service was excellent; could not have been better.  The restaurant was very clean and the architecture is gorgeous.
Wings with porter buffalo are superb the house burger is totally worth the price the house salad is huge and the breakfast buffet is so fresh and clean. Ever if you are not a hotel guest go there for the food and happy hour alone a hidden gem in central Phx.
Although the resturant is only blocks from Notre Dame Cathedral it's certainly not a tourist trap.
Fried rice and duck is awesome!
Service was slow, food was overcooked, and served cold. I feel that the server we had and manager definitely could've handled the issues we had much better.
Best dealership hands down. Service department is awesome. Love dealing with the people here and they are all very helpful
Nicely remodeled local bar with great service. There is usually a large mix of patrons from the working class neighborhood. Strong drinks for a good price.
Late night mini golf is fun but not incredibly fun -- I think my lack of complete enthusiasm stems from no longer being a middle schooler.  Still, bonus points for very convenient hours through midnight (gotta start golfing by 11).
It is a special place for me :) Cheap, good, fast. Pick two? No, you've got it all here. Super chill crowd.Squirrel Hill is just a super chill neighborhood and diverse, too. I'd say the NYC of PGH. LOL.
Just average. Nothing to write home about and a little pricey.
I love their bruschetta.  I love their salads. I love their sandwiches.  I love their hot tea.  Oh and I love postinos.  If you want consistently good food and a great place to eat with friends this is the place for you.
I love this place it's very different from what I usually eat but I love the great customer service they have and how attentive they are with my family ; ) the food is always warm and they have very fast service I recommend everyone to go eat there .
Great happy hour food menu! Fills up quickly!
Very bomb sandwich place choose this place over Jimmy John's and Subway. The milkshakes are great you can combine two flavors of your choosing and they're very tasty! I also love how they can toaster subs through toaster to make them toasty!
People here are nice, service is good, you can actually find help if you need it (except for the deli, where the service always sucks, and I mean ALWAYS) , it's always clean,  and it's close to my house.
The new Firefly on Paradise is beautiful! Upscale and trendy! Lots of delicious and fresh vegetarian options!!! And the best sparkling white sangria! Check it out!!!
Drinks were too light. We really questioned if any at all. Our group of ten didn't get any good mixed drinks. We had to switch to beer and wine to make sure we got what we were paying for. Slow service for a Friday night. Looked cool but not worth the money for crap drinks.
Love the burgers and shakes, alcoholic and non alcoholic. Good beer selection.\nI build my own with a fried egg with the pretzel roll. It is pricey but this is one place I almost always go to when in Las Vegas.
Awesome venue! So spread out and enjoyable on a mid October day! Beer selection was great and food even better! Pull up a blanket on the grass, drink beer, and listen to music
Better than Big Wa. . .Not a bad recipe and its actually has alot of flavor. . .Fried rice kinda needs some vegetables, but that's alright.  Healthier with the steam rice.
Good but can't wait to be excellent
So far I like it.
Great. Fast and nice. Little pricy but good food
I was in need of a whole house full of furniture and there prices were out of this world. Plus the sales people were so helpful and i met Mr Kerby himself. love the small business in mesa ..  wish i could give more then a 5 star
It chaps my hide to see their signs in the coffee 'drop' machines offering varying roasts , only to hear them say \"All we have is Pike Place right now\", well then take the stupid signs down!
Security line is extremely unpredictable. It may take 15 or 75 minutes to clear....
The coffee was good, the place was clean and the staff was friendly. I really like it, and would like to go back when I'm in Phoenix. \n\nUnfortunately it's TOO EXPENSIVE.
Best pancakes in Pittsburgh besides DeLucas. Always delicious and the service is nice.
Don't know what the hype was. The curry was very different. The service was awful.
Always out of chicken. Staff in a hurry and throws your food around. They act like you are bothering them.
The Casino layout was nice, but unwelcoming. Basically half of the advertised games they claimed to have they in fact did not have so it was a wasted trip for me. Many of the tables also seemed to be closed during peak period.
It usually is better.   This time, so-so.   The gyro was missing flavor.   The sauce was so-so.   If you ask me whether I take it or leave it, I can take it, but I can also leave it.  I think reducing the size of the menu and focusing on making a few dishes better would improve the place.
This place is the shit!!! Especially when you can walk across the street! Welcome to the neighborhood!
Is this place closed?
Gg
Nice clean bakery.  Good selection, good prices, good taste.  You have to have good products to even think about being in this competitive Chinatown market.  We tried their cheesecake - nice, light and delicate.
Loved this place!  Great memories of getting Ramen in Japan.  Prices reasonable.  Great fun and great meal with the family.
Not a fan. Local organizations (Apollo Group, US Airways, Intel) converge on this location making it a difficult experience. If you do go on a weekend night, be ready to navigate that small parking lot.
I didn't understand the hype of this place as we arrived at the spot because it doesn't look so special, but the food was pretty good. I had a hard time deciding between omelets or french toast. I think I chose omelet but no idea which one because all of them sounded amazing. Great service too.
Loved it!  By far the most interesting and huge club in Vegas.  We were lucky enough to bypass the line, otherwise I might not have such a happy review...I really liked the inside/outside concept and the decor was amazing.  Definitely check it out next time you are in Vegas!
Eric the massage therapist and Dr. Dollarhide are both awesome in their craft. If you've got a kink or need to get adjusted. I highly recommend this place.
Good service, nice folks, but the sushi smelled fishy and upset my stomach, the rice didn't stick together well or have a good taste.  I won't be eating there again, been a year since I had sushi and was very disappointed
Not easy to find. In the back of a shopping center. In went there for Pho all the time. It's the closest I can find to the noodle I had home in China.
A wonderful breakfast/brunch experience. Menu is varied, but dedicated to french inspired cuisine. The food pays close attention to detail and offers fresh ingredients and creative cuisine. Service is good and the restaurant can accommodate large parties. I highly encourage you to try Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast.
Love this place. Although not as flavorful as Los Taquitos, they are at least very consistent and I can always know what to expect (and their horchata doesn't taste like it came out of a candy machine). Counter staff is always friendly. Oh, and the food is never too greasy -- always a plus.
\"simply the best!!!!! they catered our grand opening and it was the talk of the day...\"
Would be 5 stars if you could carry on a conversation. If they'd turn the music down a bit they wouldn't have a restaurant full of patrons yelling at each other to be heard.
Eatable, but far from amazing Indian food (which is however better than what one gets elsewhere in Pittsburgh - which says a lot).
Incredible!  The bartender was so sweet and made the night for us!  The food was great and we would 100% come here again
The worst service ever. Ron is dishonest, rude and condescending. Did not honor his 1 year guarantee after the used pump he sold me leaked only after several weeks of running it. There are many honest and hard-working contractors to choose from. RON IS NOT ONE OF THEM! DO NOT USE!
I don't think it's the best place I've been to but it was ok. I agree that it's small. Drinks are outrageous but I guess that's what you can expect. Will I go again? If I have one of those free entrance cards.
A waffle, eggs and hashbrowns to go was not such a good idea.  Never eat waffles to go as they soggy.  I have to admit it wasn't bad but I'd rather eat my waffles at the restaurant next time to enjoy them crispier. :)
This is great food I never had. It is so yum yum . Will come again
The only reason I would give this place less than five stars is the price but the empanadas over rule that! Hands down the best empanadas in Arizona.
the Good: They make the most of the atmosphere. It is in a strip mall. Once you are inside you forget that it is next to a Subway and Tropical Fish II. The menu is huge. The chicken and rice is good. The drink specials are tasty. \n\nthe Bad: Skip the Cuban. Average, at best.
Hunan style food. Fish head is not so fresh and too salty.
A must visit when you are in the phoenix area.  Reminds me of the old western movies.  Love the shops and great picture opportunities.
The Morning Glory Cafe is absolutely gorgeous.  The food portions filled me up halfway through.
Pho was phantastic!  Thrilled to have found this place, I'll be adding it to the list of my favorite Vegas restaurants.
Loveeeeee my Roberto's !!! Awesome people and delicious food! Carne asada fries, cheese quesadilla, beef tacos!!! Sooo yummy love this place !
Great selection, great service, great food.
Came by today at 12:15 and they were closed . Not sure if this place has since \nClosed their door for good  as no sign was left but  the hours on the door said 11am for Sunday .. Hmmm  mystery . Please update business status .
Two stars is all I give this place because of service. I really like the sushi here but after more then one really bad experience with the service, my good will has run out. Now I just avoid the place.
PROS: Never a long wait. Prices are affordable. Prime rib, alaskan crab legs, and oysters!\n\nCONS: Smaller, compared to the newer buffets.
Free pool... chill place...  tea selection awesome place and in town....yeeeaah
The best complete workout I've ever had and all from my own home. Ryan is very knowledgable and designs the workout around your specific needs.  He also taught me about proper nutrition and making healthy choices.  I would absolutely recommend Ryan and The Get Fit Group!!
I have had better food at cheaper prices. The atmosphere was cool... quite loud. I was expecting more from the food... for the price. There was 5 of us and our bill was almost $500 with no alcohol. \n\nI have had better.
It's a great show with amazing costumes and an awesome stage.  With water how can it not be great...but compared to other shows of this type this one is not the best to me.
I went there to check out the venue for a private dinner.  The waitress was attentive and cordial.  The manager really turned my head because he called me after the meal with our small party.  What attentiveness!  The seafood tower was great as was the fish.  The steak delish~~~
Their signature dish is Thai Basil. Their Thai Basil was disappointing. Hardly any flavor. Their rice was way overcooked and when we dug down to the bottom of our bowls, it was burned. The vegetables were undercooked. \n\nHowever, I did get their red curry to go and that was very good.
chicken has no flavor and sweet tea smh horrible not sweet at all taste like rust water never again will I come here
Service was good, the guy behind the counter was really nice.   There was too much chocolate on the apples for me (is there such a thing as too much chocolate?).  Other than that, everything was great.
Sandwiches are prepared while you wait from fresh ingredients.  I tried the pastrami cheese steak, and was very satisfied - price, quality, and flavor.  A bit of a wait, but well worth it.
The Handlebar Pub and Grill is Apache Junction hotspot if you're looking for free food and cheap beer. You don't even have to buy a drink and they are giving out hotdogs all day everyday.
This is my grandmother's favorite casino and whenever I visit her in Las Vegas, we go here to gamble a bit and eat. It's a decent place and I enjoyed playing here.
This place has the best and most reasonably priced BBQ in Vegas! They also have a great weekly Saturday comedy show at 7:30 pm!!!
Ever since Peter Morton sold this place it's gone downhill. The hard rock used to be cutting edge and innovative. Now everybody else has everything they have and do it better. Rehab and the clubs and restaurants are all down. They have to be back on track hopefully soon with their new management.
Great in and out!  I have been to a few airports but this is well set up.
This is the worst establishment ever. Good luck getting your car out here. They are rude, incompetent, and lack knowledge. They make women sit out on a curb in a terrible neighborhood. They have no sense of customer service what so ever and don't know how they're still in business.
Great food, fun atmosphere
Every time we go here it gets worse and worse. Dirty, rude employees, and less and less flavor. All three of ours were white snow at the bottom. Worst location! Clean it up and treat people well!
Amazing local kine grinds. And super big good portions!! Love the new look. Really inviting and open and bright because of the windows. Love that you're able to make your own kine fried rice!! Get your fried rice with Kim chee...winnahs!!
An absolutely beautiful place to eat. They recommended we eat outside on the porch. Walking out, the music was beautiful, there is a lovely drizzling fountain and the lighting and decor was absolutely ideal. Not to mention cleanliness, great food and excellent service. The Bento Box is a great deal for dinner.
Three words:  food borne illness.  Frankly, their food isn't tasty enough to warrant the risk.
Who uses soup egg noodles for phad see ew?   Wholly a disappointing experience.  Under spiced and over priced.  Sure the decor is pretty and the service is pretty good but that simply isn't enough to get three stars.\n\nProbably not returning...
I frequent Iron Chef for take out. Food is served fast and hot. It is consistant, budget friendly and available. Not many great places to eat near my house. Especially like the Szechuan Chicken or the Kung Pao Chicken Combinations.
Have always used Turbo tax to do my own taxes, but finally have enough complexity to warrant a look by a professional.  Shayne was easy to work with, asked all of the right questions and handled my return in no time.  She definitely led me towards a much more desirable return than what I would have filed on my own.  Very much recommended!
Typical american food. Burgers, sandwiches, and wings. \n\nLove the all you can eat peanut and how we can throw the shell on the floor. \n\nPlace feels super cramped though and it seems its hard for them to accommodate large groups.
a glam dive bar....looks nice inside and some times they have good offers for girls.
Ultra modern and trendy feel.  Normally have great deals for identity program members.  Overall feel high end bar/club.
A great place to have breakfast, the crepes are made in the moment and the coffee is delicious. We went near thanksgiving so we got their delicious home made cranberry sauce. I highly recommend this place!
The service here is awesome.\nCool little hardware store.
I gotta say this pizza was just fine. Nothing spectacular just okay.\n\nLooking foward to trying other stuff ... until then there's the 3 star \"a-ok\".
Be sure to really check your order before leaving the drive thru.  Always mess up my order.
This is a great team.  Bonnie is efficient, courteous, and flexible.  She drove 45+ minutes across the valley to come meet with me after work one day.  She returns phone calls very quickly, and helps to save me money.  Thank you so much for all that you do, Bonnie - your hard work is appreciated!!!
Another good pizza find in Phoenix. A nice, thicker crust, lots of sauce, and crispy pepperoni. We ordered this in to our hotel room and had a perfect, air-conditioned evening in.
Fabulous food, great service, enjoyable live entertainment on a Wednesday night!!!! Great place for Cajun fare!!!
I highly recommend Pete! He is trustworthy and gets quality work done. Thankfully I found him on Yelp, the gift that keeps on giving!
The service is very quick and nice and the portions are a good size. \n\nDefinitely go during lunch time for the great lunch specials.
We ordered the pepperoni pizza and garlic knots...both had great flavor.  This pizza joint has a nice New York feel to it, and the customer service was wonderful!  The staff was friendly and they gave recommendations.  I can't remember how much our bill was, but I know it was reasonably priced.
Do not eat here..the worst buffet in Vegas..
Frequent visitor. Quick and convenient. Carne Asada Burrito is decent size and delicious enough. I prefer having burrito here over Chipotle, considering price and freshness
These are some of the best crepes I've ever had.
After a long night out, the place to go in Downtown is Market Street Cafe in the California.  The oxtail soup is almost a requirement for Hawaii locals visiting the \"ninth island\" at least once during their stay. The homey soup will warm your belly and is a great late night snack (served from 11 pm).
They have the absolute best General Tso's I have ever had.  It is a bit pricey at 10 dollars, but well worth it.  Great late night food.
A must visit when you are in the downtown area!  Love this place!  When you go to the top, it shows the Vegas Strip (which is best seen at night).  I never experienced the rides, but did go to the show and love the casino itself.
These tacos are nasty. I have no idea why people love this place. At 2 dollars a taco, I have a sneaking suspicion that this isn't real steak or guacamole. I must say that it is authentic Mexican down to the owners and workers.
This is a scam... They're pretending to be another shop and they're really sunwest auto trying to rip you off. The real Simon and sons is a dif number and address. I was ripped off and both shops were caught in lies when confronted. Going to the better business bureaus to file complaint
The DMV.... never fun... Bring a book and be prepared to wait. Very small parking lot. This is the \"best\" DMV in town, but thats like saying getting the flu is preferable to malaria :\\
Closed as La Collina, then Carmines Italian, now soon to be Lindo Michiocan Mexican Food. Should be a pretty place, I wish them well. I am not a fan of Lindo Mich even though they seem to get rave reviews and awards. We might stumble in one day.
I will NEVER use this company again! !!!!!  I bokedd it for my wedding night got the wrong lime charged us a lot more than what they quoted us terrible customer service.
This location could use an update,  it's pretty run down.  I do appreciate their selection of toys are better than Wal-Mart and target but I do know that they're bigger stores elsewhere.  In the EV this is the best we have.
My friend was stopped as we were walking out of the Palazzo.  We were offered a daybed with no minimum to be charged, and open bar.  Glad we checked it out, it was a relaxing pool party experience.  Just what we were looking for.
Good, cheap food, with a twist. I liked that most items could be ordered as a wrap or sandwich. Fries were good. It wasn't crowded at all and the staff were super nice and fast
I give this location no stars cuz they are horrible at there job took them 15 min to make a latte and my girlfriends iced coffee taste horrible!
Majestic Wine enforce a 6 Bottle purchase minimum.\n\nThe prices are no less than bargains found elsewhere.\n\nSnobbery at it's worst from youngsters who should know better.\n\nI am not impressed in the slightest.
Food was good, no complaints there at all. Dining room was absolutely filthy. Trash scattered all over the floor, dishes with stale food left on the tables, sticky table tops, etc.
dinner sucked .... The brisket was horribly tough ... Mac and cheese so flavorless .... Only good thing was the unlimited alcohol included ....thank goodness for the 2 for one coupon bc this place sucked ... Pay a bit more and go to the ceasars!
Excellent customer service!!! I came in to apply for a passport 20 minutes early, & they helped me anyway! Super efficient, knowledgable, and friendly. Thank you!
Worst place for service.  Manager was above clearing tables to seat people. The waitstaff was more into chitchat then serving customers.  Will never be back. My mom was in from out of town and was going out to lunch with her. Will not take clients here either.
The Morning Glory Cafe is excellent.  My boyfriend took me here for the first time to meet some of his family, and I just fell in love.  I like the atmosphere and the food is hearty.  I scheduled a morning brunch with all of my girlfriends there a few weeks ago and it went off without a hitch.  The staff is great!
been there 2 times.  it is way overpriced and the service is average.  capital grille is much better.  mortons is better. not a big fan.
Brought my friends to Sura today. Would not recommend this place..meats tough and not fresh including shrimp. Not good value for your money ay 25.99 per person. Did not enjoy the food.  Would not go back.
The salon is 5 stars. My wife has been getting her hair cut there for a long time and the girls in reception are fantastic and particularly her hairdresser is exceptional. It's a neat building and the salon is clean and friendly. Makes my wife look like a star and for that I am grateful..
Awesome selection of vintage clothes for men and women.  Many sizes. Many colors! So cute! and the staff actually wears the clothing! :D great time! \n\nCHECK IT while you're in Las Vegas!
Excellent fast food that's not terrible
Populated by a surly staff who, due to the neighborhood, start from the assumption that everyone in the store is a criminal, it at least has a larger selection than the one on Trop @ Pecos.
Worse food ever!!  My family went here for lunch for the first time and it will be the last time.  We had never tasted anything like before.  We got the com, pho, bun thit nuong, che, and it tasted really bad.
As far as subs go this place is hands down a winner over the 5$ FT LNG place! Sandwiches are great.
Service & Staff are A ok
Horrible!  Service, atmosphere, and food were absolutely awful! The staff was not friendly. I don't even know if my waiter could speak....I never heard his voice.There  were holes in the broken seats. A disgrace for Las Vegas!
Food is great. However, it is very very small portions. It is not worth for the value. I will recommend different place.
The tall blonde is rude and is very unprofessional. The help is unorganized many people were complaining. The sweet tea tastes like dishwater. Won't be back... don't waste your money.
It is completely and totally awful.  The food is hideous.  Don't go there, you will thank me.
Nicest casino in arizona.  Lots of cowboy boots and rednecks.  Nothing like Las Vegas or a real casino. :(
Stopped in on my way to work to grab a coffee & they have 2 cashiers and only 1 guy making the drinks...WTH??!?? Super slow!  This location is not recommended if you are in a hurry!
The smoothie I had was delicious.  The salad was terrible.  But who orders a salad at a smoothie place?!?  I should have just stuck with the smoothie only.
Stopped to grab a drink without reading the yelp..... Yes I should know better! Read the other reviews and give this place a miss!
Whenever we come to Montreal, we try to get their dragon beard candy.  Authentic!  $4 for a box of 6.  Glad that I got 2 boxes before they close for the day.
A trip to Bass Pro is always fun. Love the decor, the displays and the locations.
I had him fix the front of my house and he did a decent job. Then I gave the assignment to do my entire backyard. To my utter disappointment it's 80% clover. He gave an absolute assurance that this will not happen. Don't waste your money get a real professional company.
BBQ was okay. Nothing spectacular. The beet was served in a small canning jar that smelled like chlorine.
This place is so gross!  Stale bread, rude employees and a boring sandwich makes for a place we will never visit again. Sorry jimmy you will never see another dollar from me.  Go to jersey mikes it's way better!
Food excellent over priced \nService not even 1 star \nNo water have to ask \nCoffee refill  never revil on a 3 serving \nAnd the nerv to suggest us $16.85 tip\nNever explain menu \nIt suck
David is the shit ... Don't listen to any of the bad reviews !!! Incredible show great for adults and children !!! Worth every penny if you got it spend for better seats if not .... Really not a bad seat in the house !!!
Very delicious meal and great serving size. I mean of course the size is small but I order three different dishes and I was full after two. If anything you mite want to eat slow and order some drinks. \nI definitely think the bacon wrapped dates were ridiculously good. But I won't just recommend any certain dish just because everything is good
Ramen here is reasonably price and the miso ramen is delicious! Definitely going to in here next time I'm in Las Vegas!
Great prices in produce :) Meat is a hit or miss. Kids love to watch tortilla being made. They give samples sometimes too! YUMM!\n\nThe restaurant inside has good deals on already prepared meals like carne asada or carnitas by the pound.
Great choice of beer on draft as well as in the bottle. Great bar staff and waitresses. We only had a half a dozen of the Hot Buffalo Smoked Wings which are then grilled with great charcoal flavor and just the right amount of sizzle on the lips. Great wings. Cold beer and an awesome Bloody Mary Bar. We will return.
I have a feeling this is going to be our new goto place in Pittsburgh.  Went here for a date night with my wife and everything was excellent.  I had the steak frites and my wife had the mussels and both were excellent.  I love Belgian beer so the beer list was to die for.  Will definitely be back!
I have taken my car in to Crutcher's several different times for various repairs. Each time they have been honest and forthcoming about what needs to be done and what can wait for another time. I have referred them to all my friends and family looking for an honest mechanic....a rare find!
OMG\n\nI Love This Place!!\n\nThe Staff is so nice and friendly and the Owner Penny is a Doll.\n\nAwesome Food and Great Prices !!\n\nI recommend this to everyone who loves A Great Chinese Meal !!
Just a place to get food when you're desperate. Fourthmeal
We finally tried it for lunch. The food was ok, not particularly cheap for such a casual venue.  A bit anti-climatic after all this wait. I decided to give them a little time before we tried a second time.
How is this the best fish and chips in town? It was like a government meal with dehydrated peas. My coke was flat. And an old man sat right next to me and lit up a cigarette....that didn't help any. The bartender was sweet, that's about it.
Nice big restaurant.  Our server was great.  Great fresh chips and salsa.  Food was hot and delicious.  Tortillas tasted like they were made in house.
The Rose.Rabbit.Lie was a great experience. We went their for drinks and were pleasantly surprised with the entire evening. Lots to look at, great drinks & great staff!\nFrom the outside you would never guess all which awaits you..\nMust visit place in Vegas...
Scott and his team at AZUSA builders are amazing!  They are always on time, professional, and I would refer them to ANYONE!
Their specialties is noodle soup, but I like coming here for just two reasons: the blueberry donuts and cotton candy! Yum. Otherwise, the rest of the buffet is average.
Quick, decent nothing amazing. the fried rice was good and egg drop soup decent. if you're looking just to crave a Chinese craving it works.
Service was non existent.  Took at least 15 minutes to get my first beer and I was one of 4 people in the whole place :(
I love going with my best friend, so much fun and strong drinks! Great dancing and delicious food truck. Sundays are the best!
Love this place! Very casual and the staff is friendly... I always love lotsa cream in my coffee.. They'll bring it to YA!
This place is terrible. The whole idea of the place is dumb; I'm not paying overpriced prices for bad service, bad jokes, and to be seated on a bench with other couples. I left before I ordered.
My daughter loves shopping for our cat here.  Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.
Love going here.  Great atmosphere and great food and a dance floor.  Had a wedding reception here and it was on the outside patio in back....Was a lot of fun and cant wait to go back.
Great pizza and house salad.  Small house salad is big enough for 3 or 4 people to share.  We ate here twice in Vegas, both times at the Palazzo.
It's great to have a high quality neighborhood place like this in the area.  I had the goat cheese and basil omelette and a crispy on the outside, soft and buttery on the inside croissant.  Brilliant.
I had the ribs they were great.  The beer selection needs work.  I do not understand why places like this have Bud Light on the menu.  There should be a lot more craft beers on the menu.
-slowish service\n-great chopped salad\n-okay burger\n-yummy pretzels and mustard (which probably made the whole meal worth it)
I ordered 2 slushs. Got my total, drove up to the window to pay. Waited for 4 minutes and they opened the window to say \"we are out of slushes\" ugh, why couldnt they just tell me that to begin with
I love port of subs and this one is very clean, professional and the sub was excellent.  I recommend this location to any one in the area.  Clean, bright and well lit with a very clean bathroom.
20/15 after my 1 month check up! Everything looks great! Just used my $150 Off Coupon for some new Maui Jims!
Ordered items to go. Gyro plate (3.5 stars)olives and feta (3.5 stars) and spankopita (5 stars). Gyro meat was just a little dry in some spots. Quick friendly service.
Simply put, this place is fantastic.  A rare find in an area of dirty restaurants with sub par food!  Kenny is the best.  As long as it is veggie, he will make it for you.
Bungalow turned cozy, cool neighborhood restaurant with fantastic outdoor dining and intimate indoor spaces.  Pizza is amazing.
I love the pizza here. It's absolutely what the doctor ordered for those nights when you want to just order a pizza. I particularly like the Barro's Special pizza. Gotta say I'm not a big fan of the wings here, they're kind of dry and have thin sauce on them.
Came here on my wedding night! Had a wonderful experience. Our server Valentino was great!! The Giada cocktail was delicious!!! Loved the bacon dates and the pea pesto tortellini!!! Will be back soon!!!
This is my favorite Subway! They hire the best people with great attitudes. There's never a dull moment when I go there! And the food is good, of course.
Cool samples often, live music, friendly employees.  Parking lot SUCKS!!!
Friday Fish Fry!
Great shop, friendly owners-could spend all day there!
Looked like a great place, but not a member of the association of children's museums, so our membership was not honored.  Went to the Science Museum instead
I love taking my dog there to be washed. The staff are very helpful and friendly. Their items and food items are so expensive. It would be nice if there are some inexpensive items. Other than that we love washing our dogs there.
The ambiance is nice, the food is decent, portions are small.  I think the prices are a little on the high end for what you get.  I took a couple of girlfriends there who were in from out of town and they thought is was an okay place....so it deserves an ok review rating.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! I have been here about five times and everytime is like the first time! the service is incredible, the food AMAZING!!
Showmars on 3rd delivers solid food, not great but they do a pretty decent job on meat and 2 veggies and the fish or chicken pita's are definitely worth a try......and on your 'cheat' days enjoy a milkshake if you dare:-)
Love the salads and great bread!  I WILL get in the car for GREAT BREAD!  Not bad pricing for such a pricy neighborhood.  Next time I will have to try the pizza!
Bland, utterly flavorless. I wish I went to subway. Oooohhh, their receipt was printed on their paper, too. I think dog food is better.
I have had my Toyota Camry serviced here a couple of times and my husband recently had his older Infinity worked on here.  The service, professionalism, and expertise is beyond words and will keep us coming back every time.  Highly recommend this place!
Went for lunch. Ate in the bar. Pretty good american fare with asian and southwest influence.  I had the shrimp tacos which were fantastic. Full bar and OK draft beer selection. I particularly liked the double fried spareribs appetizer. Went great with a cold beer on a hot afternoon.
This place used to be SOOOO GOOOD. Now it's just crappy. :(
I had been hearing of this place forever and finally had the opportunity to check it out - definitely glad I did!  The food is very authentic, but a bit heavy for my liking.  The queso dip was lack luster, but the rest was good.
It's okay.\nA decent selection of stuff, plenty of it new, but ftmp so much of it seems overpriced and they don't have the weekly tag color to offer additional savings.\nLong drive for not much.
Does one have to give 1 star?  This is the worst Macdonalds in the Valley. Avoid it if you can.  Worst management & staff imaginable and all follows from that.
My husband and I recently returned from a honeymoon in New Orleans craving the cuisine. At the Bayou, my po-boy was good but the oysters left much to be desired. There was some kind of coagulated cheese mess on the oysters and they were gritty. A major disappointment.
Great food and outstanding service! Always has fresh and good tasting food.  My coffee cup never goes empty!!!!!!!!
Geek squad is the worst to deal with and NEVER shows for appointments..When you call they can't find work order and when you provide the number that was given for service call they tell you it is someone else and where did you get the number.\nNever again!!!!
Great new SAQ. the selection is not the best in town, but who complains about a shiny new express?
Surprise !!!   The prices in menu are not the same on the bill.   Guess which is more ?  Oh it was nicely explained by wait staff after we ate.  Food was bland or I would not have minded.  Our order was screwed up too.
Worst service we've ever had at any restaurant.
The service is outstanding. Portions are large, and meals are relatively cheap. Always yummy!
The food here was average. I was surprised at how dingy it was, felt unclean. Most of all, the waitress was terrible. I will never go back here.
Starbucks is Great!  The staff and service at this location is outstanding!
My husband and I ordered takeout tonight, and the food was absolutely delicious!  We will definitely return.
CLOSED.  Commander's Palace is currently closed, trying to find a new location. Let's hope it reopens soon.
One of the only arcades in MTL. I come here every birthday / bad night to play Buck Hunt and nail some high scores. Friendly staff and fantastic game selection.
Food was great.  Service was incredibly slow....\nWay better options in the area.
Fun place to hit for some entertainment. At a good price too. YAY for Torch Theater improv!!!
Nothing special about this place. The food was acceptable, nothing more.  The service was slow..friendly but slow.  The patio looks like a place old furniture goes to die.  And it's in the middle of NO WHERE.  It's for a specific type of crowd for sure.
Ordered chili cheese fries and they ran out of cheese!  Was close to their closing time but i really was craving bad bad food!
This place has the right attitude as far as catering to the customer. It seems like every time I order from here and pick it up they go above and beyond to satisfy my needs to make the pizza just how I want it. I can only hope this place does well because you continue to always go to great measures.
Located right on the strip and still honors the $5 footlong deal. A wise man would get 2-3 of these and bring them back to the room.
We have a great airport but I will be so glad when the road construction is finally over. There needs to be a taxi line that they HAVE to use too because I'm sick of the cabs dropping off in the pick-up lanes
Food bad, service worse. Don't bother
Make a reservation. This is an absolutely outstanding dining experience from beginning to end.  Anything on the menu is great. The rack of lamb is perfect. There is nothing about Prime that I wouldn't recommend. Excellent service and staff. Worth the price.
Was recommended by Discount Tire shop. Booked in. Turned up late and they still fit me in right at the end of the day. Friendly staff. They were faster than expected.  Price was exactly as quoted over the phone. Would highly recommend.
Terrible service. Reserved a non smoking room and was given this disgusting smoke room which suffocated me all night. There were no other rooms available so i had to stick it through.
Not the best car wash I've ever had, but not the worst either.  I wish it was done entirely by hand, but it's cheap and basic.  You pretty much figure that going in... so for what it is, it's okay.  Not great... just okay.  And I'm okay with that.
We having been bringing our bulldog here to play ever since she was a pup.  This place is heaven for our dog as she gets to run around, fetch balls, swim, play with the hose, and receive lots of belly rubs from the staff.  The owners are the nicest people in the world.
Nice location very near home. Great thin crust pizza and plenty of wine. Weekly specials and live music every weekend. Had a nice time sitting on the outside second floor deck. Pricing is a little high but after all, it is north Scottadale.
These guys are the greatest.  They are super ethical and have integrity.  They will fight hard to achieve the best results.  If i were in trouble I would use them!
The Panang curry and Panang noodles were one of the best dishes I've ever had.  I could come to this place daily!  And their prices are really cheap too!!
Good lunch Chinese food, they deliver also.  It is nice to get out of the office though for a hot meal.  :-)
The atmosphere was fun and vibrant...reminded us of Austin.  The tacos were a bit bland, but the margaritas were great!  Not sure if we would go back for the food, but the drinks and atmosphere were great!
Good atmosphere. Bad food and service. Go here for drinks, but eat beforehand.
I have to admit. Someone at work bought a bunch of Tommy's Chili Cheese Hot Dogs. I think their hot dogs were pretty darn good, I think my new fav here. Big beefy hotdogs. Not them little scrawny things you get at Weinerhouseschnitzel.
Good food! Nice variety of southwest comfort food. Live music is a nice touch, you can have a conversation without talking loud.
This is the wrost place ever ! The man in this place is so rude it's unbelievable. I can't see how this place is still open. Please do yourself a favor and don't shop here.
The atmosphere was good the service was very good we had steaks ordered med they were not medium and no seasoning on them ordered saut\u00e9ed mushrooms and they came on my steak in a runny white sauce will drink there again but not eat
It's really good if you're vegetarian (which I'm not). You can get great to-go value if you squish your food in real tight.
Mostly dudes\nnice theme, schoolgirls are nice\ncrap music.\nthe decor and theme are unique\nthe kinda place to go there once to say you've been, any more will drive you mad
Very torn about this place. They make the best traditional wings around. Unfortunately every other food item we have ordered has disappointed us. Good beer selection with the opportunity to order pitchers rather than just pints. Service is okay - sometimes I wonder why the waitresses are dressed the way they are - probably wouldn't bring my kids here.
Can watch your food being made, line moves very quickly for the rushed lunch crowd. Great spot for lunch uptown!
I came to Mike N Molly's to see a relative play in his band. I got there late and there was no seating. Across the street a building wall  is painted in chalkboard paint and people are allowed to draw pictures and write whatever they want. I liked that there was no cover charge.
Service was good, attentive and pleasantly polite.  Wings were so so and the sliders were decent.
Awesome...all 3 of my huskies looked and smelled amazing. Will totally be back with them. The staff was very friendly and great with my furry babies.
Ordered small deep dish pizza. Quality of ingredients is good. Unhappy with the price, the fact that it is was super doughy and the toppings are completely detached from the pizza itself.
You won't be swept away by the sandwiches at Joe's Panini, but it is still a standout in our downtown core, especially if you want a quick bite on-the-go (they wrap the sandwiches well enough not to spill anything on your business attire).
Ate here once with a buy one, get one coupon. I won't be heading back. Go to Los Gemelos off of State St instead.
Walked in ordered a traveler to go, waited 25 minutes then was given attitude when I asked if it was ready. They told me to call in cuz it takes 20 to 30 minutes. I beg to differ purchased one in am took ten minutes to brew.Have been here for 30 minutes now still no traveler .Service very poor.
Not sure if they have napkins or silverware for to go orders, but our salads did not include them.  To eat my salad, I had to rip a piece of bread like a spoon and scoop up salad to eat.  So be sure to ask for silverware.
Good place to spend time with your family. Kids seriously love this place. It is very convenient to have a vacation without having to leave the resort. If you choose to, it's in a prime location to restaraunts, shopping, walmart, etc. LOVE ITT!!
This is definitely not the place to go if you have older children.  This place is catered for kids under the age of 8.  They do have laser tag though which can entertain the older kids- but beware of the little ones in there too!
Bring your high limit AMEX cuz ya gonna pay big bucks - and it is worth it!\nWine list - is stellar - food is outstanding - get the seafood appetizer.\n\nRequest Russell - \"bad Russell\" that is (self proclaimed) but is a great server just asked him!
Always a consistent sub from Kevin and his staff.  Never had a poorly made sandwich there.
I have to say we went there for NYE and had a great time. It was well organized event and all the staff was friendly especially on a busy night.\nHAD A BLAST !!! ROCK IN 2011
This is a good In N Out. But not the greatest location. The parking lot is next to Wal-Mart and line are long. They have messed up our drive thru orders several times so just check your bag before you leave. Other wise their food quality is good and standard to the average In N Out.
Sent defective part and then would not take it back on return.  Now i'm out the $70, BEWARE!! Cheap parts but if it doesn't work you're stuck with it.
Absolutely love Wholefoods. Best variety in organic foods. The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is b/c of how expensive they are. I realize quality comes at a price but there are other places I can find some things cheaper... it's just inconvenient.
Over hyped pizza place. Pricey pizza, limited toppings, nowhere really to sit, and not that tasty. Disappointed.\n\nIf you want a  pizza that is fresh and super delicious then head over to MGM and eat at Project Pie. You won't regret it!
I will never stay here again. So disappointed in the service at checkin and at the pool. I'm used to staying at MGM properties and tried something different, boy did I learn my lesson.
The best and most unique pizza around!  Plus, it's extremely affordable!!  Taste and cost...there's nothing like it!
Coffee and my bagel sandwich was fantastic. Also the atmosphere is really calm and warm. This will probably become are new little hang out,
awesome.  each dish was balanced with lots of yummy flavors and textures.  by far the best food I've had in Montreal if anywhere.
Best pizza in town.  If you haven't tried it please do.
We were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and great service. The hot salsa lived up to its reputation, but the chips left much to be desired. Unfortunately, the entrees were rather bland and we probably won't be back.
Dharma Lounge is the perfect size venue with a very loungy feel which is refreshing in Charlotte over saturated market.
Great place for late night eats at a good price in the beautiful Wynn/Encore Hotel property! \n\nI highly recommend their sandwiches and chicken tenders with French fries!
Love this place bartenders ROCK!!! Service is Amazing eat her every Thursday and when I come in, They know me and have my order ready! It's like a 2nd home EVERYONE BRING YOUR FRIENDS!!!
Feels like I got forced into a time machine and got transported back to the 80s. Casino looks really run down... Stay on the strip. Only reason we are here is cause the wife and her gf wanted to see chippendales. Lots of old timers and people that look like they have a gambling problem.
Cheap beer, darts, and creepy guys...what more could you ask for?!?!?!\n\nEcho Tap is fun, but definitely not near the top of my list as far as Madison bars go.  The bartenders and staff have always been really nice when I've gone.
Seriously worth the wait! Best burger ever!
Sadly I was let down on this, I had heard so much good about it, but either today was a bad day or this is not my style of Mex. \nThe highlight was the Mexican Pizza we had as an appatizer.
Their show is fun, but it would've been better if there was more dancing involved as they are a dance group.
I dream about the FEZ burger! Over all I really enjoy this place and it's priced well for what you recieve. The only drawback is sometime the service could be better which is why they get 4/5 stars, but don't it deter you from their tasty food.
They have a great selection of western wear. The sales person was very helpful. The boots are name brands I'm familiar with so I can tell you the prices are reasonable. If you are into western wear, this place is worth a look.
I like that there are a few restaurants in this center. And one in the Market too, which a while ago changed ownership to the store (vs. 3rd party vendor). The food choices got slim, and were less fresh, but they seem to have that all fixed as of recently.  So I am going there almost weekly again.
This is THE BEST experience I've ever had. I loved my pedicure by Donna and Kevin did an awesome job on my nails. I will never EVER go anyplace else again! And, to top it off, I got a glass of champagne to help me unwind. I don't even want to leave.
Owner is rude on more than one occasion.  Will not be returning.
amazing!!! better than anything. anything. I ordered the pastrami sandwich and let me just say... I wasn't expecting the amazingness. I even had to go back later in the day and order something else because it was that good.
Been here a number of times and it has not ever been good. I thought it was off just once but it can't be off 5 times. I won't go back.
Total Rewards discounts, yes please!  Very glad I came here with people that like the same food as I do because these portions are HUGE!  I split the balsamic strawberry waffles and still felt like it was Thanksgiving dinner!  The food was fantastic and I hope to be able to try the desert next time!
The Pasta Bolognese was pretty good but overall I didn't think it was anything special.
Either I am very lucky that she isn't working when I come in, or they fired the lady that had quite the attitude problem. Now a nice young man is there who has great customer service skills. PO Boxes are excessively over priced though and the inside needs a big upgrade but as for customer service they have earned themselves another star.
I loved this place when it first opened, however, they have gotten my order wrong several times since and the portion sizes change all the time. Their inconsistency is a disappointment.. You never know what you're going to get!
Ive been here twice now and i love all the employess  are great. Lisa is my nail tech and she is awesome, she had great suggestions on how to care for my nails and most importantly she listended and applied what i wanted.  Its a family owned business with a great vibe. A must go for all nail needs
If you are looking for good BBQ-Move along-nothing to see here.
One of the best broths I've ever had. Definitely a hole in the wall type feel. It always seems to be busy, especially around lunch. I highly recommend this place, seeing that I have tried other pho places around town. This place is for sure my top 5.
The service is slow, pizza is ok. I will say their burgers are really good. Pasta sauce isn't bad. Really wish they would upgrade the ambiance. Better table and chairs would help.
Amazing Photographer, Great Energy, Can't Wait to work with Shane again !!!
Nice place. I needed two different types of coils and walked out with both and some good tasting juice. Friendly staff and chill atmosphere.
Just finished lunch here which I guess is a new menu. Pierogies were cold and the chicken on my friend's salad was partially raw inside. The staff was really nice, but we are currently waiting for the check and trying to decide where else  to eat to compensate.
Best fountain soda's in town!
This place is so quant I LoVE it!! Try the traditional marguerite pizza it is soo yummy and thin crust with a great crunch! I will definitely be returning
This is some of the best food and beer in the Phoenix metro area.  I highly recommend the pork enchiladas.\n\nAs for the beer, I'm a huge fan of Epicenter amber.
I lost $4000 playing blackjack and they tell me I cant play anymore?  They will not give me a chance to win it back!!  Don't gamble here.  Contact me for details.
Pay double, triple, whatever it takes but don't rent from here.  1 1/2 hr wait and old car
cool setting for Vegas locals that want a hideaway!!!  Watch out for the Zombies...2 is the limit!
Candice was an excellent waitress and a real pleasure. Had the chicken mole verde which was great. We had six in our party and no one left hungry.
Horrible service..and (3) $40.00 steaks that were a bit dry and tough i...we personally had a bad experience an will never in this life time return..so don't believe the hype..Believe me folks the place look nice but ain't all that..!
Meh, nothing exceptional, typical sports bar and typical food. They popped up on Yelp for craft brews but didn't have that much when I was there. Dead on a Tuesday night.
garlic bread is cheesy....
The sashimi was great, however the spider roll didn't seem to be made fresh, the other rolls also were falling apart because the rice wasn't made properly.   the service was fast and very friendly.
For Taiwanese style of breakfast.  The  seasamebaked bun is as hard as a stone.  Disappointed!
Beware Ear, Nose & Throat Consultants of Nevada. Arrived early for 2pm appointment.. Brought back after hour and 15 minutes in the waiting room and I'm still waiting. There must be a better way to treat your paying patients (customers)!
Was definitely a meat and potatoes kind of place, food was not spectacular, service was good.  And they kept the meat purchases we made at the store in their fridge until we left.
The environment is awesome. :) the dessert is not bad ;)...french style.  The food are ok -.-..  I would say it's not bad.
Typical Bloomfield dive bar. Typical Pittsburgh Dive bar. Nothing wrong with that. Saw a band here one night on my only visit. Great acoustics for an old building. Nice prices in beer and well brands. Parking's a bear on the weekends.
Great beer specials but it's always over crowded and very noisy. It would be an awesome place if they could somehow do better crowd control. Pretty sure the fire marshal wouldn't be thrilled to see the sea of humanity within.
Don't understand why this Walmart higher prices I buy the same stuff at the other Walmart and this is a neighborhood Walmart and the prices are like two times higher what's up with that.
Fairly clean. Very busy and was definitely understaffed. The girl with large gauge ear piercings was keeping it moving pretty well though. Our ice cream and corn dog was good and came out quickly.
HOT- no air so maybe I didn't stay and look as long I would have. But I found their prices a little expensive for items I was looking for. Or maybe it was just the sweat in my eyes...
Why does delivery take so long. I dont get it. My sandwich wad freezing cold when i got it, and if i wasnt starving i wouldve never eaten it. Plus the delivery driver was so unfriendly.
Don't Do IT!!\n\nMediocre food, inattentive staff, slow bar service.\n\nThey have several different beers you can try and they food is basic bar fair but, not very good. (they served our appetizers with our meal-and thought nothing of doing that!)
We stop here a couple of times a month. We didn't have any of the service slowness problems a few have mentioned, and the food is spicy, hot, and good.  I do miss the salsa bar and yummy flour chips, but get here during happy hour and get them for $2.
Everything here is so delicious!  The seafood is tasty and fresh.  The decor is beautiful inside.
Venue is stellar but staff is apathetic and shove offish. Wait times for anything ordered is longer than necessary. A bit overpriced and poor cocktails. Only thing worth this place is the interior and the entertainment.
Not a local company, they just contract out  to anybody. The lady I got was average. Overall the price is good but if you need really hardcore cleaning you'll need more than 1 person. The cleaning lady said cleaning inside cabinets and the fridge are not included. NOT all inclusive !!
We were a party of 6 and each steak came out cooked to perfection and exactly as ordered. The sauce tray was an excellent touch and the bread to start was fantastic with the dipping sauce. Good wine list and great service.
Very disappointed we drove 500 miles just to shop here, and it's the worst shopping trip I ever had. Most of their stuff especially handbags are in really bad shape most of them are damage and it's only 20% off from the retail price. I'm not going back here again not worth it.
My wife and I have been coming here for years and the waiters have always been awesome but today we met Danny and this guy knows how to provide great customer service.\nAsk for him when you go !!!
The fish was good. But not better than other places in Vegas that have much better service and atmosphere. I'm giving this a 3 because that's what it is--pretty mediocre. It was good, but not a notable sushi place.
Beyond horrible service.  Would have rated as negative stars if possible.  Selection of lights is decent but when coupled with hard-to-find, rude staff completely not worth your time or money.  Strongly suggest you go to another store
Best wine bar in town
Soooooo good! Love this place for fast and cheap but yummy Mexican food. My favorite is the carne asada tacos but my boyfriend never gets anything but the pollo fundido.
Ordered a cornbeef rueben.. and its bomb.. cant go wrong with this for lunch. :) also comes with free bread.. :)
Flour & barley was amazing. We walked in with a huge group after our foundations event, and they were able to acclimate us without problem. The pizza was great, the feel was homey. I can't wait to bring everyone back for a wonderful time and fun night again.
Pastrami, roast beef and turkey oh my! Not sure if a pastrami sandwich was the best meal for a hangover but it was worth it! Cold sandwich, kind of wish the bread was toasted but was still delicious! Best pastrami sandwich EVER!
Definitely not the same as the original. I knew it wasn't going to be as good since there was hardly a line compared to the one in LA which is about a mile long. The hot dogs seemed smaller and the buns were hard. The chili was a little bland too. I was a little disappointed.
Great buffet for the price and value.  Unlimited mimosas for Sat. and Sun brunch.  8 am - 3 pm.  Good selection of food.  The desserts were alright.  I liked the prime rib, eggs benedict, mashed potatoes.
Legit breakfasts and fair prices. Layout is cafeteria-style. The employees are pretty nice. Fair ambiance and lots of windows. Probably good for a snowy day. Good coffee too.\n\nAs other reviewers said, there are better near here, that's why only 3 stars.
This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in town. Everyone is friendly, and the service is great. The cheese platter never disappoints. Chef Eric Lhuillier came out to meet us and was wonderful. I recommend it to everyone!
Honest. Reliable. Trust Worthy.\n\nTim goes above and beyond with his service. He came to my house 3x one day to check everything he could before I ended up towing it to the garage. I will definitely go back!
I'm a fan.  Love the atmosphere and ambiance.  Great for a couple beers and some live music.  I liked that it's tucked away and not inundated with tourists.  Good beer selection and great patio seating.
The stars say it all.
This place is pretty cool and definitely laid back. I am a total amateur and I have really enjoyed every time I have been here. Parking is easy, the course and shop are laid out well and I have played the course and gone just to hit balls at the driving range. It's cheap and a lot of fun.
Roast Beef Sandwich.  Nice textures and excellent bread and onion straws.  Could have used a bit more moisty type contrast like a mayonnaisie creation.
Good food, plus it's usually pretty fast. Language barrier applies at times, but not usually a problem. Prices are reasonable, too. UI students get a discount with ID!
I love this place. I never have a problem getting my dogs in and they do an excellent job. My dogs are my babies and I totally trust them at Doggie Den.
We love recommending Market Bistro to our friends and family because we know they will have a good experience every time. We have tried a majority of their pizzas and sandwiches and everything is always great. Our favorite is the market ceasar, easily the best salad in the valley!
Yummy Ice cream. Thrifty ice cream has been a LONg time fave! Cookies are yummyyyyyyy too
Service was good fast and just like I like it and those who've read me know I like my cheese stakes
order the pork grinder (my favorite) .. only to be bone chunks and fat..guess i'll have to find another favorite
Came here for a snack.  Hash-a-go-go had a crowd.  The margaritas had a bitter taste.  Strawberry margaritas were too sweet.  Food was just okay.
We were ignored by the servers, received the wrong wine on a re-order and the food was disappointing. I will not come back.
Not the best show I've been to. I think this comedian is really so into himself that when I was watching the show, he was talking mostly about himself. I had a few times when I kept thinking to myself \"I'm getting bored. PLEASE make me laugh!\"
Pricey and not very good food.  The Budweiser vendor showed up and gave out free beer which was nice but I will not be going back.
I take myself and I keep on saying out loud to myself \"I'm wanting a shake\" my friend wants one too so after the cashier here's us and when we ask to order he says the shake machines busted. I also had to go up to the counter 3 more times because of horrible service.
Love this place! Here almost every Monday.  My kids love the food. Love the ultimate burgee and ribs are great.
Did I just pay $10.43 for that?! The soda is good. They barely give you cheese or sour cream on your burro.
Very nice office.  Conservative treatment.  My son went there for acne and docs were careful and conservative.  His skin is much, much better!
Lucci's does the best gluten-free pizza I've ever tasted.  It is indistinguishable from a \"regular\" wheat-based pizza.  I doubt many people could tell the difference.  Great staff and service too.  I LOVE LUCCI'S
Food was very good. We sat in the bar area there were 6 of us, the service was not very good at all.  The mussels were incredible the prawns were so so the lobster/crab dip was really good.  They have an upstairs outdoor patio area but get there early for a seat very small.
We loved it. Large portions and good home cookin food.
Didn't eat here.  Only had iced tea.  Sat at the bar with a fellow comic and talked for hours.  Service was super friendly.\nThe end.
Good food I must say. But this place is a little dated and tiny tiny!!! Its American food and a one hit for me.
One of the best breakfast places you will find in Vegas! Hit this place almost every morning we are there; the food is GREAT!!!
heeelllooooo chocolate chili milkshake!\n\ndulishus.
It was ok. Parts were good. The sea bass was ok the crab cakes were very good.   I still prefer the bone fish grill. They had great service.
A must do in Phoenix.  Even though the wait is like 4 hours long!!!  Try the margarita and add roasted garlic....dang I want to drive to Phoenix!
Delicious food, honest pricing, a great St. Mark's environment. This will now be one of our go-to dinner places when at the Venetian.
For me, this place has a \"bang-for-your-buck\" problem.  For the (high) price, the cleaning and pressing should be perfect.  It wasn't.  I'm picky ;)
The food was great at a pretty reasonable price. The line for fresh eggs is going to be a wait but overall it was a decent buffet.
Apps were good but that's all......mgmt didn't even apologize for the bad shrimp. ..pad Thai was unimpressive....server was nice.
Popped in for an impromptu dinner. Fab friendly service & delicious food at a great price. This was my second or third visit in the last few months and I think I've tried/tasted most of the menu. There's nothing there I don't like. Good food at a good price.
Terrible is not the word for service. We went there last night. The waitress showed us an attitude as if she is doing some favor by getting us food. The food was also so-so, not up to the mark. I am very disappointed with you Lotus of Siam. Had heard some great reviews here.
Am still trying to get the metallic taste of the special meatloaf out of my mouth.  I would never eat at this craphole if you paid me.  Ugh.  Anyone who posts a positive review of this dump has no taste buds.
Don't visit or eat at this Denny's! They won't accept online coupons! Manager when asked why not, he gave an excuse that accounting won't take it. No way to honor veterans on this Memorial Day! Next time we're eating at a local restaurant!!!
This place sucks. The food is horrible. I just moved here from Long Island and I am not impressed at all. I guess you guys have never had good Chinese food.
We go to Fresh Wasabi a lot and usually it's the same thing...the service is not the fastest on the planet, but when you are there with good company you hardly notice. Their sushi is amazing and they have a perfectly priced menu. Love it!
This place has gone out of business for quite sometime - and its not surprising. Yelp should update the status.
Needed 4 new plantation shutters to match the rest of the house. Boyd came in, measured, ordered, and installed within about 3 weeks. They match perfectly and have really added a fantastic element to the bedroom. Great guy and company!
Watch out for a salesman named Val. He totally tried to lie and sell us a whole bunch of stuff we didn't need. We called over the manager who totally contradicted val. Buyer beware! Take your business elsewhere!
so i drove by there the other day. they closed. no surprise there, and no big loss. better luck next time.
1 star for customer service, 5 stars for selection, real drab bored unhappy ,and surly employees especially the short old Asian man that never smiles or says, thank you ,stay away from this location, lots of people outside lurking all the time..
My girlfriend and I ate here during Phoenix Restaurant week.  We had rapid and friendly service.  \n\nWe had 3 courses and my girlfriend had a Margarita.  Everything had the gooey deliciousness that I expect from Mexican food.   The Chile Colorado had a lot of spice, so come ready for a lot of powerful flavor!
Always love an honest to god good diner!  Nothing fancy here.  But the food is yummy.  Try the biscuits and gravy.  MMMMMMM.  And the service was friendly and competent.  We will be back for more!
I love this place!!! Lots of space and cheap, TASTY Mexican food. Not much more than that needs to be said.
Awful service. The service was very slow and when they botched our order the manager did not even come over. Awful food. Very salty.
Food is excellent albeit a bit pricey.\nBut the noise level is Outrageous--We could not converse at all.\nWill not return during lunch or dinner hour unless some acoustical treatment is installed.
Terrible host!!  Completely ignored us.  We finally left after 10-15 minutes.  The place wasn't busy at all and like 8 employees standing around doing nothing.  Opt for better service and skip this place!
Most pathetic food.. If I am sitting at the restaurant and posting this review, you can imagine how bad the food is... You can smell oil while eating.. No variety in food.. We went seeing the reviews on yelp, but guessing things have changed. Worst Indian food.. No recommended at all..
They advertise free accounts, but I have found that the opposite is true.  I have paid inactivity fees, falling below the balance fees, not using auto pay fees, etc.  More of my money went to them than to me or my household accounts.  Very disappointed.
I was extremely underwhelmed with Tuesday Morning. The commercial with Lauren Bacall is classy, this place is not. It remined me of a thrift store. There is nothing wrong with thrift stores, in fact I've been to many, but the prices are thrifty....not at Tuesday Morning.
One of the best clubs in Vegas! The only thing is that it gets way too crowded that there's no room to move sometimes. Their rooftop lounge is absolutely stunning! Make sure to put this on your Vegas to-do list!
Great happy hour specials.  Couple of glasses of wine (or beer for those beer loving friends) and sharing a couple of the apps is a great way to spend a few hours.  The service is good during happy hour (it gets a CRAZY on a Friday or Saturday night).  Seared ahi is a yummy delight.
sitting out on the patio on the vegas strip with a margarita and some nachos...little bit of heaven!  Nachos were big though...plenty to take back to the hotel for a midnight snack!
So disappointing ... Love the Squirrel Hill place, but the service downtown was horribly slow and snotty. The place was half empty to boot. Food was a bit overpriced.. Guess they are shooting for bankers lawyers and foundation types...
Huge menu! Lots of gluten free and vegetarian options. Friendly staff, beautiful dinnerware. I'm their newest regular!
Food: 3 stars, Service: 4 stars, Location/atmosphere: 5 stars\n\nThis place is where you wanna come for a nice drink and people watching on the patio. Food is way overpriced and nothing special.
Love this theater and the location, especially being right by pinkberry. However the staff all seem to be missing a few crucial brain cells.
Possibly the worst dim sum.  Granted we are used to San Fran or Hong Kong, but this is what Domino is to New York pizza.  Weekday late lunch may not have been a good time.  Service was courteous and attentive, place was clean, so two stars rather than one.
The best gelato I have ever had. An AZ favorite for sure. Super clean and lots of variety !
I just dont understand how it used to be sooooo good now its barely passable :( noodles are soggy, not enough variety of vegetables sour taste etc, im still looking for a thai place as good as pin kaow used to be. Hard to order with someone who doesnt speak english too
This place has BOMB food please try walnut shrimp, country fried steak and steak and eggs at 3 am :)
We are so excited that we have found a great local bar!!! Amazing food.... great service... and the live music tonight was amazing!! We will be back!
Very good, but kinda pricey. Staff is very friendly, the interior is super cute though!
1 car in the drive thru = 15 minutes
If you're looking for a great stylist, book an appointment with Heather Galwey. She does great color too. My hair never looked better.
Bagels are always good. The nova lox bagel was on point.  The low cal egg white sandwich was fine but not remarkable. Nice casual way to spend a Sunday morning chilling with the family.
Mediocre to almost not worth it sushi, service was the slowest in the world. Rolls were of same caliber I can find at qfc or central market (local grocery stores with sushi islands)...horrible service on top of that....SLOW!
The 2 tacos for $8 is way too expensive, as the tacos are very small. Had to get more food after I ate them. Taste was ok. Overall, I was unimpressed. Probably won't return.
I really want to give this place five stars because their food is SUPER yummy! :) Unfortunately it does take a long time to get your food and the place has a very vacant feel to it due to the empty shelving. There is also a sense that they are understaffed. I look forward to their growth and development.
So the first time I ate here was with my girlfriends in April I was the only one that got sick so I thought it was just me. I went back in July with six other people four got sick including me. I will never go back!
We went with a large group for lunch and the service was great. Friendly and totally cool about having separate checks. The food is decent too. I wouldn't say I'm a fan but it's better than OK. :)\n\nCheck out their daily specials too!
If you want good Mexican food do not go here. It's the Mexican version of mcdonalds and I will never have it again.
The oldest pub in a Edinburgh is no place for a high end meal. But the crowd is fun, music good, and whisky great.\n\nThe haggis nachos were fun and tasty. The salad and burger were adequate. Come if you want some music and some single malts.
This fletchers really does take a long time. It is very boring in the waiting room. We sit there watching stupid infomercials. Its warm they should turn air just a bit down because the room gets full. They forgot to put the reminder sticker on my windshield.
Great mojitos!  Fun place to meet for cocktails.
Some of the worst service I've had in a long time. Waiter forgot multiple things on our order more than once and tried to charge us. Food was mediocre at best and the restaurant was dirty.
Great for kids, friendly servers and cute old-time decor.  Met the owner in the parking lot one Sunday and he was a gem.  Love the chocolate peanut butter ice cream.
Delicious. I was in Charlotte for a week and went to Luna's for lunch or bfast every day. Fresh, organic, vegan, bold flavors - dazzling your senses!!! My partner isn't vegan but totally loved all the dishes as well. Smoothies were delicious as well.
I love Harrahs becuse it is right in the middle of the strip and I love Carinval Court outside because since it tis outside you can see and hear the music...!
My favorite ice cream! I grew up eating Thrifty ice cream and it's still as delicious as I remember. My favorites are Mint n Chip, Rainbow Sherbet and Pistachio. If you haven't tried it, please do!
Pro- service was good. Athena omelet was very good. Seasoned potatoes were ok. A little too salty for me.\nCon- Decor is cold. Not hip diner vibe they may have been trying for. The AC was not working too well that day.
AWSOME place for breakfast. They said they were slow, but I didn't find them to be such.\n\nVery friendly staff. VERY eclectic tunes!
Super cute place. Came for the first time on Tuesday for a private event. The instructor was great and the staff was so sweet and catered to whatever we needed. I will definitely be coming back. Great way to spend time with friends/family.
Very nice and modern view external facade. Great  SMoCA - Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art that can be visited without there being an event. Quiet garden spot in the upper floor. The position is not quite adequate in the center of the old Scottsdale, Council a snack in the old market nearby at truly Cheap
Great service and a very attentive staff.  The food was excellent also. We had several types of food in this Pan-Asian restaurant and all was great
Zero stars!!!!!! They skipped my son admitted they did then proceeded to take another customer BEFORE him! I am trying to keep it together in front of him but this is ridiculous!!!! We are still sitting here waiting,  patiently!!!!! We will NOT return.
What can I say I love burgers! A whole new take on fast food burgers. The STEAK BURGER is a must! Try it with all the works you won't be disappointed. For the price and quantity you get nobody can beat..
Food was really good! Service was awful! It's a seat yourself kind of place. The guy that came in behind us got his meal before we got our chips & salsa... He had a different waitress.
Robbery in the middle of the day! 52$ for a few passport picture!!!\nDon't take pictures at Walgreen!
This place was amazing! You need to try their chocolate mousse, their prices are not bad either, we order off the prix fixe menu and were VERY surprised on how wonderful everything tasted, service was great, courteous and quick, will go back over and over.
Absolutely delicious hot dog with pretzel bread & the lobster mac and cheese on top! I will definitely go back again!
Great service and great quality!  Best cab experience I've had! , Sun Devil Taxi  clean cabs and the drivers actually were friendly and helpful. Their drivers always arrive early, which is definitely a good thing. Will make sure to keep their Biz card and call them again.
Toque offered seven delightful, ingenius courses, professional staff and wine pairings that brought us to the gates of Vallhalla.  Bring your platinum card.
2 woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable. I haven't received my piece yet and its been about 5 days. Iffy about who owns the place but, ill see what the end product will be once I was receive it. If it approves I will change my rating
Paciugo has CLOSED!\n\nA new gelato place has taken over this location though - La Coppa.  A friend and I ate there this past weekend and they were very good - just need to expand their variety of flavors to some that a little more inventive, as Paciugo did.
Yes, it's ichiban! Very authentic!
The last time I went here I was served sweet potato fries that gave me and five of my friends horrible diarrhea. Instant one star for lack of proper food safety.\n\nThey were delicious though.
Bangin hot whiskey cider.\n\nFood truck events in the parking lot.\n\nCool bartenders.\n\nLots of TV's.
First time in, the staff wasn't really very welcoming, didn't get a hello or anything and they both looked at me when I walked in.  The clothes are okay just way WAY overpriced and considering the lack of acknowledgement I wasn't really down to spend any money in the store.
This is by far, my favorite location.  Although I have moved into the far north-valley, I still make a trip here several times a month.  The service is great, the food is consistently good, and I am always treated as a valued guest with each visit.
Excellent hotel and accommodations for Vegas.  I've stayed there two years in a row for the NAB Show and had a great experience.  Excellent views either direction of the hotel.  Beds, showers and rooms are very comfortable with a nice dose of chic.
This is my fav Mexican spot. It's authentic, a great value, and the food always tastes amazing. I have always had great service and the staff is very welcoming. The chips and salsa are among best I've had and be sure to try green sauce if you get enchiladas.
Good prices most of the time. Rooms are big enough to split between 4 people. Far away from everything else. Need to take a taxi to get anywhere down the strip.  Pool is nice enough
A bit pricey, but the food is amazing.
Great food and the lunch specials are great the ckn pram is the best and love thier alferdo scaue is the best
Their awesome during the week. But their weekend crew has huge inconsistencies in how the drinks taste. Give the weekend crew some retraining! They always forget to give me my stamp card back too!
Hair in my chicken and waffles! Will never eat there and still can't eat fried chicken.  Staff acted like it wasn't a big deal! So gross!
Very friendly and helpful. Excellent customer service. Would definitely visit again.
I've visited this place a half a dozen times over the years. Usually it's a quick stop for something to eat late at night after I get off work.\n\nThe food and the service have always been great.
No happy hour specials on the patio. 9\" Cheese pizza -$11.60. Almost rotten Hopalicious, $5. Potentially rabid squirrelzipping around under your feet - $0.00. No vodka in my first drink- c'mon, really?
Re-vamping it's image and demographic.  Liking it more and more.
I love diners, and I love breakfast out on the weekends.  I would love to like this place.  Food was decent.  Service was not.  And it is simply a VERY dirty place.  \nIf they spent a half-day cleaning it, and suggested to servers to greet people and smile occasionally it would improve drastically.
Very cheap quick lunch.  The sushi is about par with grocery store sushi.  It is mostly surimi salads and surimi sticks, and is a little bit on the dry side. It's nice to have an alternative to the usual food court fare, so it isn't a bad option, just a different option.
Brought my Mazda CX7 in for repairs.  Vince was great.  He kept me informed about my car through out the day.  It sucks being without a car. Had mine back in 1 day.
Nice atmosphere and everything we had was awesome! I recommend the fried meatballs, flat bread and their sushi.  The mountain oysters are worth a try if you haven't had them before, very unique texture :-). You won't be disappointed.
Mushroom quesadillas phenomenal. Chili relleno was excellent and the banana cream pie was perfect.  This is truly a great restaurant.
I would rather eat at Dennys!!! This place was not really good. It was just something to eat cause I was hungry. Kinda bland. . .  !!!
If you are patient and don't mind waiting for the cashier to make the person in front of you a double macchiato or chai tea before they check you out than you will like Einsteins Bagels and  Coffee.  They have the best coffee and their bagels are pretty darn good as well.
Yummy glazed sour cream ones...but the coffee can't be real Caribou...it used to be sooo good and now everything tastes bad...go for the food, not the drinks...and yes, they still do give free originals with another purchase if you like raised doughnuts...
Food is okay but so over rated, thai restaurant in same shopping center should try. \nI probably will not come back, service is ok
Over all this was a good place. It has been closed for over a year!
They do such a great job on pedis and manis! ! Also get eyebrows waxed! Awesome new massage chairs. Highly recommend... been going there for a few years now!
I went there last night for dinner and they closed the place down!!!  I am devastated!  I loved Furr's...
First time here, will be back for sure. Had the lamb vindaloo, chicken tiki, naan sampler and some kingfishers. All amazing. Paulo our waiter was awesome, very attentive and took time to explain everything thoroughly to us ignant white folks. Give Paulo a raise!
Great sangria, and the sliders are tasty!!\nGood place to hang out, just a little pricey. Hit it up at happy hour.
Best balcony in the city. Though I don't live here myself, the shared balcony has an amazing view. Great for an outdoor dinner, wine night, or happy hour.
Good service. Fast service. Bad food. I don't know who tells people north of Mexico what Mexican food is, but Fajitas, burritos, hard tortilla tacos, are NOT Mexican, and what they serve is not good.
Great pastry filled goodness. Had the Bangers and Mash. Excellent!
I frequent this place often, it makes decent bagels but I've eaten NYC Hot Bagels in brooklyn and this doesn't even compare.\n\nBut its an ok bagel place for sin city
Loved the special margarita prepared tableside!  \nIf going with a group - definitely order \"The Feast!\". One of everything on the menu. The portions are small but the number of plates is incredible!\nWill definitely go back next trip to Vegas!
99 for deluxe suite.  Nice looking room with good view of the pool, Aria, and streets. Valet was not bad, about 5 to 10 mins wait. I would stay here again.
Let me tell you these guys rock the house.  We went in there Saturday and had a blast.  Bottle Service was affordable, girls were amazing, and the place just felt right.  We will definitely be back to check this out.
Love this place! The music, atmosphere, staff... And above all the best sushi out of all the places we've been to in Vegas!
Movie themed in decor, with lots of booths, and overall is a throw back to a casual diner 40+ years ago.  Traditional breakfast favorites.  Nothing we had was bad, but nothing great either.  Worth trying.
Great dinner items, the lamb was so tender. Desert menu didn't really exist, would have loved some more options to round out an excellent meal.
Needed a place to practice hitting. Otherwise I'd have found another place. Not enough room in the slow pitch cage to allow for a full swing. Thankful I had someone with me to pull the net away. Definitely not worth $25 for an hour of pitches. Two stars only because it's indoors.
We had so much fun!   We tried everything and everything was so yummy!  Just when I had enough, we found we had missed two different meats and we had to have a try.  As full as a was they were tasty too!
Although not the biggest or most up to date theater, I really like this one!  Rarely ever a line and supervisors don't look over people like hounds here.  Of all movie theaters, Harkins has the best popcorn by the way.
The ambiance was great. The food was ok. Even though the menu seemed quite eclectic and interesting, the taste was ok.
The food is not real Indian food, everything they made for native people. If you really looking for tasty, spicy Indian food this place is not worth it. On all food items are sweet and more creamy.\nThis is place is not meant for real \"INDIAN FOOD LOVERS\"
Bar Area great for chips/salsa and cheap beer.\n\nThe ribs tasted like they were previously-frozen, and microwaved. The burgers were not that good.\n\nThe food should be better for what they charge here.
The customer service is awful.  They did not return my calls.  My furniture was delivered 3 weeks later than promised, they gave me a one day option and 2 hour window for delivery and did not work with me regarding delivery time even though the furniture delivery was much later than promised.  They needed to come back to repair it after they delivered it.
Sushi was excellent.  Came for lunch and want to go back for dinner for Teppanyaki.
buttertoast is adorable!  i got to check out the shop (located in the anti-space strip on mckinely) last first friday and i was astonished by how much great stuff they had in such a small space.  the clothes are awesome, vintage-tastic and surprisingly low priced for a boutique.
Good food, but the prices were a bit ridiculous.
I love, love, love Trader Joe's. Some of the best customer service I've ever received have been from TJ's stores. I experienced one of the rudest workers ever at the checkout at this location. I will probably be picking another location to go to.
The sushi specials at happy hour are worth giving this place a try.\n\nlocated on southest corner of tatum and thunderbird next to kinko's.
I went Saturday for dinner. Very bad experience sand the service was horrible. The manager came over life he was interested and didn't do anything. I was really not satisfied at all.
Food is great just wish it was bigger and you didnt have to call to make a reservation
This is our go-to place for fantastic food.  We have NEVER been disappointed.  I spend most of the meal making groaning noises.  A bit pricey for a regular outing but perfect for dates, anniversary and birthdays.
Vegans Indulge!!!\nEating a vegan diet while traveling is quite challenging. Rest assured that PV is satisfying most, if not all, of your vegan culinary wishes.  Great atmosphere, friendly hippy-like staff.
this little place was great! fun day with great jet skis...the older couple is extremely nice and made for an affordable fun time at the lake. I would highly recommend giving these guys a chance! they have the trailer hitch if you need and include many sized life jackets.
Horrible service and hookahs took 40 mins to bring out ! What type of lounge operates like this
And the trend continues.  They are not interested in new business either.  I requested a call back even if they couldn't help me, so I could move on, but no response.
Tasty sandwiches, salads( Cobb salad, Yum!)and burgers. Good selection of wines at good prices.
Love this place! The food is amazing and I always get delivery and it's been great everytime.  Very friendly and fast delivery.
Great tan fair price great guy
absolutely the worst car buying experience in my life. i was helping a family member buy a car and this was a group of lying, underhanded, people at every turn. avoid at any and all costs. Peoria store is where we bought the car... run !!
After more than 5 minutes waiting for any servers we decided to leave. At least an acknowledgement would have been nice.
Not very good beef and broccoli tasted off. Orange chicken was okay. Don't think I would go back though.
I needed some boost with my social media.  I was dabbling in facebook but didn't really know how to take it to the next level.  I found Shyla with Premiere Social Media to be extremely knowledgeable and recommend her to anyone looking to get that social media advantage.
Neat idea but over priced and the drinks were not that great. I am glad we went but I wouldn't go again.
Slowest Starbucks ever !! Consistently slow and I'm not sure why because they are never much busier than any other location . Drive through takes FOREVER and they never even offer an apology or to buy your drink for the inconvenience . Maybe they need to drink more coffee to wake up !
I've been here 2 times! Awesome both times, just make sure u dont expect amazing raw fish quality...it was realllly good and some fish taste better than others, but overall I really enjoyed this place... so much I went a year later remembering how good it was.
When I first moved here this place was great and had large rolls. The last time I went though it has changed alot and I would not recommend it to people looking for good sushi in town. The rolls have became really small and prices are not in line either.
Been here about two times already and I really love their pizzas. The ogden was pretty good, not too heavy on sauce and meat. Also, the linguini with clams was really tasty. The clams were so huge! Very good for parties as well.
I didn't know noodles were supposed to be chewy? If you want crappy food and the ambiance of lonely public defenders then this place is for you.
I'm new to the area, and just tried this place out today. I absolutely love it. Kelly cut my hair, and took the amount of time necessary to actually make sure I was happy. Everyone was very nice and professional, and I definitely recommend coming here.
Been here several times. Their mardi gras party was the busiest I've seen yet. Their DJs talk waaaay too much on the microphone, though. Play the music guys. And the bar must be built well since it obviously has no weight limit.
Way too spicy! Very dry...should've known before I walked in to not to go in...when Nobody was in restaurant..and every other place to eat was busy...on the positive EXCELLENT customer service!!!!
Pancake cafe has just about the best omelettes I've ever had.  Light & fluffy, with very flavorful vegetables and the right balance of cheese.  I also tried the sausage patty and it was delicious.  Fresh squeezed OJ, good ambience all around.  I'm a fan!
I thought it was a great place to for a date. Nice atmosphere, good food, intimate conversation space. I'll definitely make a trip back and I'll definitely recommend the place to friends. \n\nOverall: Great Choice.
Best hidden gem in Old Town.  Great patio, wonderful staff and delicious food.  They pour a nice size glass of wine and the small water feature creates a pleasant atmosphere.  Wide variety on the menu and always have great specials.  You will not be disappointed!!!
Ask for Kenny.. He is super nice and super helpful! I am a gluten free vegan and they have lots of options!
The food was okay, but my coworker and I were there for lunch during the work week and it took alomst two hours start to finish which made us have to work late... grrrr!  It wasn't very busy for lunchtime either - this is probably why
best donuts ever! I bought the 2 dozen package...1 box is their original glazed and the other box is your choice..go with the jelly filled ones and the lemon..their all good! plus they give you a glazed donut for free while you wait in line!
Don't get your car get damaged by a fly golf ball from the club because Desert Pines won't pay for it.  Nice loop hole they have to avoid responsibility from balls coming from their property onto a public road and one that is heavily traveled at that.
Very nice tea room with cozy atmosphere.  It is where you wear a hat and gloves are optional.  Very girly and fun.  The gift shop next door has so many unusual and unique items.
If you havent tried this place your missing out! Go try it.. if you have kids go.on a tuesday they eat free. Love this place!! First time I had it I was in Missoula, Montana. Bomb diggitty!!!
Walmart needs to have a bigger grocery area!
Food was fine but not worth waiting 40min for when the place is less than half full. Just hire the staff needed to make this place run like it should.  \nI'd pass on it unless you've got nothing but time and you're not very hungry.
This particular location was not quite on par with the others in Houston and Dallas.
So far this had been the best CB I have been to. The wait is shorter than the one on bell and 101. I love the cheesy hashbrown casserole and it is highly recommended. It is always pretty loud in CB, but is still enjoyable. I love to go Sundays after or before church.
I got ice cream here just yesterday. And the staff are always excited to see you and not only this they are happy to see locals. They remember your name and the ice cream is always very good. I give it 5 stars.
Who doesn't love lemon custard?  So refreshing!  And really great in a lemon chiffon snowstorm.  The only negative is the long lines - but still worth it!
Went here with friends at their insistence.  Menu offered a good variety, but dishes were overpriced for the portion size and quality.  Service was only fair, in my opinion.  The location is way too far away from home for me to make that trip again.
Wow we had such a GREAT experience here. The calamari was really good, the stuffed pizza was AMAZING, the spaghetti pie was good, but the service was 2nd to none. I can not wait to go back
Total Wine is bloody fantastic. Costco prices, every bottle size you can imagine (yes, even those freaky tiny airplane bottles), wine, mixers, beer...you name it, it's here. Sorry BevMo, I have a new boyfriend and his name is Total Wine.
Had the crying tiger and roti. Very good! Will be back to try more for sure! Spotless kitchen is always a good sign and the owners David and Lisa were absolutely wonderful!
Truffle fries addicting\nTriple Chocolate Shake a Must\nOregon Trail Was pretty tasty, I substituted red onion for onion straws.\n\nI would come back.  It would be better maybe if there was waiter service instead of order than sit.
Nice vibe, ok wine list, good but not great food. Mussel appetizers were good, chicken entre was ok but not great.
Not bad, I found it a little pricey and the staff was either spacey or just didn't care (I didn't get a can of soda I paid for). The food is excellent though. I started getting the food to go, the place itself is a little annoying to hang out at.
Always stop by for snacks and something cold to drink. Of all places I find cell phone external battery bank (pack), which I have been looking for! Wide variety!
Best Chinese food I'd ever eaten.Delicious!  Loved the Lychee mojito.
What a nice great place. With huge washing machines. If i live here i would come here weekly. My compliments to the owner.
The staff at the Squirrel Hill branch are incredibly friendly, and the library is always clean and organized.
HOB located right smack dab in the middle of Mandalay Bay had a great atmosphere and the food was pretty good. We ate breakfast there and we left pretty full and happy. Our server was very sweet.\n\nMy friends and I had a really good time shopping in the little gift shop-really cool items!
This place is simply amazing,\nWe eat there at least once a week,For many years.\nDefinitely a place to go for people who appreciate good food and service.
Used this service to and from the airport for a recent vacation.  Both drivers were on time, called before they arrived and their vehicles were very clean.  I will use this service in the future.
My favorite place to go in Gilbert (Joes BBQ a close 2nd). Love the Salmon BLT. Awesome service, chef's approach you when you walk in to go over the specials and answer any questions you might have. All of the desserts are great as well.
This is a pretty good restaurant if you are looking for a quick bit. I had their Japanese lasagna and it was really good. Unfortunately they don't offer AYCE and it gets pretty pricey if you are hungry and are planning to eat more than a couple rolls.
The best bakery I've ever been to! Highly\nRecommend the Almond Croissant, Ham & Cheese croissant (have them warm it up!) and any of the Tarts!
This place is pretty efficient. If you go mid morning, there rarely is a wait. Make sure you print at least an online coupon before going. And stay away from any add-ons. ie, no,  you do NOT need to replace your A/C filter
Just a small little restaurant in the neighborhood and the food is outstanding.  I enjoy eating the Walnut Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, Mango Chicken, Crab Ragoons.\n\nThe staff is fair.  Our waiter has always been super nice.
We had lunch here. BBQ shrimp and salmon, both excellent. Emeril's food is fairly heavy so you will be filled. Everything was great. Lunch is cheaper than dinner and many of the same items are available.
Another rippoff but then what are the options for breakfast at 4am. As much as they charge for a Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit and 1 lityle 2-inch piece of Bacon. REALLY? This place sucks and I should have stsyed away. \nMake sure to count your change too!
The food is cheap, but not a lot of meat on the sandwich. The fries on top of the sandwich were cold but the coleslaw on the sandwich was great.
This place isn't as good as XS. The crowd is a little older too.\n\none need thing were the Dancers on stage :)
The food is wonderful.  We loved all the action, the crowd and activities apcked into an easy to find location.
Let's start with the positive.  The chocolates are beautiful.  I love to look at them.  When it comes to chocolate, however, I buy them for the taste, not the looks.  I think I like Dove chocolate better than David's.  Again, I am in awe of the beauty and artistry which goes into the product.
Food arrived cold, they said they would replace it but they reheated it in the microwave. Then they tried to charge me extra 50% for using a credit card?!! Crazy
Welcome to Surprise, BR!  Very clean and friendly!  Although there are other ice cream, yogurt and custard places in town, we will make this our \"go to\" dessert choice now!
Bought a detail for my car seats. They told me that they would give me the car wash for free.  I am asuuming they did that because they hardly cleaned my car.  They said it would be done in 1/2 hour, 1 later finally done and not a good job\n\nI will not return.
I had the Steak Freitas and Green Beans dish and it was excellent. Came here for dinner and drinks on New Years Eve and was impressed with the service and overall environment. They have a great draft beer selection as well to compliment their dinner menu. I would recommend this place looking for a good dinner and a beer close to the square.
Went here for some authentic Ethiopian Coffee. Think I got it, came out in a clay pot pored into a tiny coffee cup. Tasted like a fresh espresso, and seem to have a little more caffeine then a cup of coffee I am used to. I might venture into some food next time.
Great food and great prices!! My favorite is the green curry.
The hotel rooms and bathrooms really needs refurbishing.  My shower had mold and the shower head had green stuff all over it.  The bathroom was missing bath gel, shampoo,  shower caps....I felt that being a guest at their hotel was not important to them.
So the service was fast, and food was good, buuuuuuuuuuuuuuut, one of the poached eggs in my Farmhouse Benedict was overcooked. That's my only complaint. Other than that it was fine.
I cannot belive this place is still opened! Pancakes were ice cold and like rubber! Hard as a rock bacon, and very lousy service. Will not be going back there anymore.
Better than any coffee place I've ever been too. Great friendly staff, fast service (even on  Monday morning hah) and a nice place to cool off or meet up with friends. My favorites are their frosts. Every one is the bomb.com but the black and white is A++ Strongly recommended.
This place is wonderful. BYOB and no associated fees. the sushi comes out on a fun boat. The ambiance was great and felt very authentic. It is family run and the sushi is awesome. So far takes the cake for the best sushi I've had in Phoenix. Will definitely go there again
I don't see it. Went here once for breakfast and once for lunch. Neither were good. Place is clean and the staff is great. Food was mediocre at best. Much better soul food places within a ten minute drive.
Came here for lunch with my family while traveling. It was filthy and the food was salty and awful.
Really very good!!\n\nI am actually non-vegetarian guy, but I was really delighted by quality, taste and ambience. I would highly recommend this restaurant especially to vegetarian guys.\n\nCheers!!
Queen City had a great beer list and good, though not great, BBQ.  The brisket out shined the pulled pork by a far margin, and be sure to check out their beers from a rotating set of local breweries.
I went here for happy hour after yoga on a late Sunday afternoon with a girlfriend. The neighborhood in general has a very cozy feel to it, and this bar/restaurant is another one of those great places with a front and back door for you to feel free to enter. I shared the meat and cheese plate. It was very generous and tasty!
Fresh pressed juice! Juice bar is filled with greens and veggies. Skinny drink taste awesome.
I wasn't impressed , just keep on walking to New York New York, and get a better pizza. It was a waste of time, I wish I can have that back.
Worst service dept on the face of the earth even when it got sold DON'T TAKE YOUR MAZDA there ever and the star is because I have to
They have the friendliest staff around. I hope they stay the same under the new ownership!!!!!\n\nGood luck guys...
Good food, horrible service.  I've been multiple times and often I get my food and then I am ignored until I walk up to the hostess stand ask for my check.
Service was great, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We enjoyed the Farm Burger, Hells Kitchen Burger, and the Truffle Fries.  I am still thinking about those fries!!  :)
In town on business and a friend recommended this place. I must say the food & service was outstanding! Had the Thai tacos for an app and the Cowboy burger as my entree. I'm from TX and have eaten a lot of beef in my time and their burger was damn good! Has my seal of approval.
This place is always great it is never busy when we go im a afraid that it might go out of business soon, i hope not!! they have awesome food for cheap prices!!
I would never get another gyro from Salonika's the meat on my gyros are always cold...however I do enjoy thier bar, I go to salonika's 3 nights a week for an after work drink.  The staff is very friendly and they keep the place clean.
Drove all the way over there and the doors were locked!  The phone number is disconnected!
Passable food, but overpriced by a LOT.  Not going there again.  :\\
Great food. I'm trying to promote for you but your website doesn't work. It would be nice to have a online menu. Just a suggestion.
This is a meatball joint. They sell beer and drinks. It is not fine dining. I think they do a great job and they aren't trying to be anything they aren't. I dig this place and I eat here frequently. I do not give out very many 5 star ratings. 4 stars is a really good score for me.
The best chile verde and steak!!! The owner is from the Bay Area which is my hometown..and they are the only place with a super burrito (somethn only in Cali that is non-existent here in NV). Very happy with service and food.
Great! If you are en route or returning from Red Rocks Canyon, lunch here is delicious and reasonable. Steak sandwich and beet salad were spot on. Restaurant also has a casino at the bar.
Great Calamari and Southwest Nachos...used to work next door and frequent for lunch.  Staff very friendly.\n\nwww.tenayacreekbrewery.com
The food wasn't nearly as impressive as the decor, glad the service made up for it. The pineapple wine was delicious.
Prices are still up there, but the Jamaica tastes like it was made during the day now. I haven't seen toothless Jose around, but the cook behind the stove is just as good, sans toothpick. I like the chillaxed atmosphere in there, and it's relatively quick service.
never had a bad experience until i ordered take out lately, but still pretty solid.
Amazing food, amazing service, amazing atmosphere, downtown Las Vegas is truly stepping up their game and quality.  Only downside was the time it took to be seated, but it was well worth the wait.
Customer service could have been better.  No smile no greeting... we just left without ordering.
Ordered a burrito, definitely a big burrito, just wasn't that tasty, the chips and salsa were good but overall the cost was to great for me to go back I think...
LOVE this place.. we come here every time we come to Vegas.. you can find anything and everything here for a souvenir!
Seems like this place isen't a good place to have drinks?  My friend that lives in Vegas was going to take me their for happy hour. MMMM going to have to rethink about it.
Cold food. Long wait. My mom's birthday breakfast :(. Nice waiter, zeroed out our bill.
Sadly, the place closed a few months ago.
Wish I could give 0 stars. This is the slowest chipotle I've ever been to. Plus they skimp on everything. Avoid at all cost.
Disgusting. The food was unacceptable, and the staff was even worse. They got our order wrong, they were crazy rude. We will never be back.
Family owned. The Pho was delish.  But when they say something is spicy believe them. Awesome.  This is our new Friday lunch spot
What a bummer.  I've been to this place a handful of times, and you know how it is, one bad experience and you get a bad taste in your mouth.  The service was atrocious, and the food was bla.
Meh. \nCoffee is very acidic. \nNot very impressive, felt like I just added a spritz of lemon into my coffee.
Poor service in the morning for breakfast. Never again
Mediocre burger and foodservice fries. What a below average burger joint. Any inspiration left the building a long while ago. Avoid.
3rd time in for a slice and disappointed each time.  Single stale lukewarm pizza slice for nearly $6.00.  Pizza looks promising if you get a whole fresh pie. No idea what anything costs because prices aren't posted. Unlikely to return unless drunk.
I will never take my vehicles anywhere else! This is the best, most honest and great Company. Thanks!!!!!
PJ Clarke's Sucks!!! food made me sick once and then went back for a 2end try at it food was small no flavor and the 2 guys at the bar blow!
We eat here several times a year. All of the main dishes are excellent. The dining experience leaves something to be desired, though - plastic forks and Styrofoam bowls are awkward to eat with, and there is not much atmosphere. But the food is great.
Great shop, awesome staff, sweet selection of every kind of bike. Mike Harvey is great and super helpful make sure to ask for him. He took time to really help my wife find a new brain catcher and was super great with my little 1.5 year old son. Definitely recommend Bike Source!
loved this beautiful hotel!\nnice staff!...\ngreat location....next to \"crystal\"...if you love to shop =)\nI will come back again!
A fun, tasty alternative to the newer fast-casual burger chains.
Just picked up some pho tai from there on the way home. Broth so cool beef wouldn't cook. If you want some crappy cold pho give them a shot!
Nothing impressive about the this place.  Fries were good though.
As good as it gets! Excellent service, ambiance, food and again...service! Ask for Scott out on the patio - can't go wrong with his suggestions and service! Don't forget dessert - I had the cheesecake and a second glass of proscecco!
Got here and every movie is sold out even if seats available.  Make sure to choose your seats or you end up in the front row!!!  Favorite theatre but sucks last two times.
This poor Smiths... just ugh.  In comparison to my neighborhood Smiths, this one is just sad.  Dirty, dated, poorly run. The fruits, veggies, and bakery items look old and stale, and honestly, I couldn't even bring myself to buy anything.
Best street tacos in the state and sooo close to the Suns and Dbax game. a must pre game dinner. much less than anything at the stadium and so much more flavor.\n\nA must....
Good curry and Thai fried rice! For having Chinese on their menu it was surprisingly good. In fact some of the best chow mien I  had in Vegas. Sometimes it can be a little greasy. Over all thumbs up.
When in Rome do as the Romans, when in fashion show mall eat at Maggianos.  the fired zucchini app is my wife's favorite item on the menu.  Portions are large and certainly shareable for lunch and dinner leftovers will be available the following day.  I like this place a lot...
Needed coveralls for last minute Halloween costume and staff was very helpful and let me know they had item I was looking for over the phone. They even held it for me at the front of the store so I was in and out in under 5 min!!! Great customer service!!!
The quality of the food has really gone down. The Rendang was tough in texture and the Laksa, didn't taste like laksa. I was a fan of the string beans and chili it was very nice. Duck is quiet nice and juicy.
If I keep eating the delicious tacos at Tacos El Gordo, I'll become even more gordo myself.  \n\nTacos El Gordo are the most authentic tacos this side of Tijuana, wait a sec ...
Love their calzones, wings, & garlic knots. Good service and very clean. They do not skimp on filling their calzones & we seriously love that!  I can't wait for cheat days to eat here! ;)
Called in for take out. The food was pretty good and the prices were fair.
Food is ok, lots of selection. Just a way pricey for its quality on a Labor Day. Should have been more special. Dessert bar isn't what i expected.. Crab legs was wayyy frozen and salty.
Such an awesome place.  I went here to pick up some things for my daughters birthday party, and this place was more than I expected.  I got lost for hours looking at all the cool stuff they have for birthday parties and for your home.  I love this place and will be back soon.
Nice people but the working like a robot. \nFake smile. \n15 min line. \nMissing product / boxes. \nBeware from the Russia employee
Needed first aid badly as I was assaulted and the first 50 employees I spoke with had no idea where it was and no one offered to help me find it until I collapsed in the ground from a severe beating I took. Thanks country thunder and your dumbass employees.
Solid old school Mexican food that gets the honorary \"TeePee\" half star upgrade due to its historical value to the community.  Unlike several other reviewers I've never experienced bad service.  \n\nThe food is solid and the sopapillas make my \"best of valley\" dessert list.
Had a networking meeting/dinner here tonight.  Very, very good food.  The flank steak and especially the lamb were delicious.  I enjoyed the salad and the service was solid.
Meh .. staff is very short assy but overall clean.. what do you expect it's Mc Donalds not Deluxe Burger at the Biltmore... place is dated I rarely eat here kids had gift cards from Christmas....management needs to look closely at this location
There is always good stuff to find at the Maxx.  This store is a great way to kill an hour looking for something and end up spending 10 bucks.
I'm a sucker for amazing GUAC, chips and salsa! Atmosphere is great, food is even better!
Place was in a strip mall, next door to a Chinese buffet. I only tried the daal, which was good. They brought the tandoori chicken to the table, but I didn't try it. All in all, pretty good but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
Beautiful Hotel and Casino with tons of things to keep you entertained!  Beware that they are under construction at the moment so there is lots of dust and loud noises, but nonetheless still very fun place to hang out.
I am addicted to their golden wings. Nothing compares. I have finally found the one and am blissfully in love. Game over. \n\nP.S. Never leave me, I will find you.
Veal pasta kept sticking to roof of my mouth & hard to chew. Catered to larger group near us, we asked for check multiple times and they were kind but we didn't receive it for at least 10 mins after.  Seem gracious but lack in the attentive dept.
This is my third time going to the Sin City Club crawl. I'm so pleased with the host. Jo and Jessica are fun. This new double decker bus they have are awesome. There's  not a lot of walking. It's perfect.
Sweet Pork salad, always. YUM.
Pho is acceptable BUT service is the pits! VEEY RUDE SERVERS and CASHIER! They gave us the impression of hurry and eat and get out of here!
I am also from San Francisco and I have to disagree with theother SF Bay Area reviewer.  I've only eaten at Chen's twice and was disappointed both times.  The vegetables were overcooked and the dishes lacked flavor overall.\n\nI do agree that the portions are a good size..
Art at Home Depot has been AWESOME in assisting us with our wet bar design!  Tonight he and Diane took the time to work through their computer issues to get us taken care of....With SMILES on their faces!  Thanks guys...you just earned customers for life :)
Big pieces of sashimi, but not very much flavor.  Kirin ichiban is on tap, but its $7 per beer!  not great but it is nice to have a sushi bar in the airport.
If you are coming before 10 its nice and quiet, after 10 its madness.   \nwhen the place is busy the service become slow.\nVERY SLOW!!! waited for a coffee more then 15min!!!!  \nbut in general the place is OK, the food is good as usual in Cora.
The food was ok, ordered couple of appetizers, dinner and wine was thinking it was going to be great, but I was not impressed at all! Place was nice and clean, Server was nice..\nI don't think I would ever come back here, but I can atlest say I tried it .
Went for lunch and had the French Dip sandwich....very good choice but man what a gutbuster!!!
I love their Vaca frita.The plantain is really good.  The service could get a little polishing. I go there when I have a craving for beef. Music is up beat. It is convenient because it is near the theaters and my favorite Korean Restaurant
Though I don't like the casino and hope I never have to go back here, a toasted sandwich does hit the spot when you're hungover... \n\nSince there's nothing else quick around the casino, this place always has a line.
Great place love there sushi!!custumer service perfect,I going usually around 11-12 pm,they open till 2 am and they have a great dials!the food is  always fresh, thank you for great time:-)
Love love love love! Their pizza is to die for. We got Nicole's New Favorite which rocked. I would not change a thing about it. I like to sit in the bar area because there is no wait and the feel is more intimate. Give this place a try!
My Wildflower of Choice not only because the seating options are much more conducive to studying, but also because the way the soda and coffee layout prevents the clustering of people that makes the Pima location less than ideal.  Good coffee at a fair price, free wi-fi, and the Newt Glass work always makes me smile.
The Roseleaf has to be the happiest place in town (well Leith), service is always warm and loving, they care about the food they serve. Authentic, original and really good food and drink.\nBest orange juice too!\nLorna
Great food here, I am having a guilt trip not giving them a full 5 stars.  Stop by and have breakfast, lunch or dinner, they don't disappoint.  I love their bloody mary's!  I love scotch too.
this restaurant is closed!! a new one will be opening soon
Never again. And I was a good customer. I ordered one called complained got another even more greasy. Quick service but bad product or cook
Great show. But we never had the sandstorm day replaced.  Bad Pasquale Rotella billionaire.
Service was rushed and unfriendly. First course was so salty it was unedible. The fresh fish was good But side dish that accompanied it I had to send back because it was also too salty. With so many good restaurants in Vegas I would say skip this one!!!
a true value with dedicated, friendly people working there.  My first time in the older section of town.  My wife and I loved \"Picnic\", the pool area on the 3rd floor, and from the front desk to the Art Bar to the restaurants to the maid on the 11th floor, this was a fun place to stay.
chain, chain, chain, chain of fools... I always break out my Aretha when I find myself here. Cold beer, unhealthy appetizers, always has patrons. I just dont get why. It is close the the theater. Chain, chain, chain....
Not very impressed.  Meh...is about right.
Great food & people. Gotta a ride the bull while you are here. The sweet potato fries are yummy but stay away from the sweet potato fries. It comes with marshmallow..Gross!  I love the gin dirty martini..soooooo good!
Eagle Services to the rescue.  I had an emergency and needed some quick response.  I called and was told a time.  Not only did they get there quickly, they came a couple hours early.  Totally appreciate the professional attitude and the prompt service!  The price was outstanding as well...
Pretty cupcake, but certainly not worth the calories!!  Very dry cake and the frostings all tasted alike. We were very disappointed and will not be using the rest of our free cupcake coupons.
Best way to describe this place is fast food Chinese. Food was not fresh and was previously prepared. Rice was dry.
Very bad customer service. We went in at lunch time and the service was horrible and the food was even worse. I will not be back pita jungle.
Nicole is awesome!!!  I love how they serve you wine as soon as you walk in!
Best burgers I've ever had.   I will definitely be coming back.    Truffle Parmesan fries and mocha almond fudge shake are the Bomb.  4 thumbs up\nMiagi burger is my fav.
Customer service in the pharmacy is terrible there's no follow through on prescriptions or orders or call the doctors I always have some issue with picking up my prescriptions and today I went there to go through the drive thru and it's closed
Nice and cozy! Loved the place.
There are too many ice crystals in Mojo Yogurt.  I threw half of mine away.  I prefer creamier fro yo.
This is such a nice cozy place with sofas, view of the garden, relaxed atmosphere and great coffee. If you want to forget about everything and just chat with your friends and enjoy what is arguably the best coffee in Edinburgh, visit Artisan Roast.
Did I just pee outside?  I think I just peed into a cascading waterfall deep in the wilderness. This place rocks.
Good museum but a lot of reading for vacation
Slightly above average breakfast joint with a few distinctive items.  The servings are more generous than average and service is good.  They have a full bar and of course you have to try the bacon bloody mary!  Would definitely eat here again.
Good quality sushi a little heavy on the wasabi. But for me very overpriced but I guess that's Vegas.
Went in after work around 4:30 pm on a Friday had a cold beer in my hand in less than 2-3 minutes did not eat there but the staff was friendly and not a bad place to grab a brew with you bro's after work.
Love this sushi
Pretty much felt like I was sucked into the streets of Beijing.  Besides the Chinese on the menus and the Chinese music videos on the tv, the food was pretty great.  Service was good and timely.  Hit the spot for Chinese food for sure
The lady performing the massage kept getting up and leaving my massage for various reasons (using the bathroom, setting up for other customers, etc). The lady stated she would give me extra time which meant 30 secs. The upside it was a 30 dollar massage with tip. With all the options around there I would suggest something else.
What was once a cool concept with a great staff has turned into another failing scottsdale restaurant... Too bad
Incredible! Always top notch, the lamb osssabocco is to die for. Ask for Yoshi as your server he will be able to guide you on making the right food and wine choices.
Enjoyable fresh flavors with crispy fresh chips, relaxed atmosphere and nice friendly bar.
We tried the fried pickle chips......yum! The cheese munchies.....yum! A really chill, relaxed atmosphere. I asked the bar tender about their whore ales and gave me additional samples outside of what I ordered. Definitely will be back.
The staff is awful, they don't take credit cards, you have to order different menu items from different counters, refills cost extra. The food was average, nothing to write home about. The only reason they are still in business is because they are a novelty, and the appeal to drunk college kids for late night food.
the hummus was a little on the oily side, but everything was great! i only wish that i could have tasted the tomato cram soup everyone raves about...my boyfriend ate it!
Worst customer service ever. I had an issue with a rental of chairs and tables and the cashier was rude, disrespectfull and unhelpfull. The tables were dirty and breaking apart the chairs were filthy. I agree with the previous comment that the pinatas are nice and sturdy but thats about it.
Way over-rated.  I tried the french toast and sourdough waffles.  Overpriced (Like $13 a plate) and not that great.  I'm not impressed and feel like I should have just thrown the money down on a blackjack table.
Excellent service and food.   Black ink pasta with seafood is delicious.  Try the mozzarella with tomatoes.  Parking can be a little challenging but there are valet options close.
Line is long, but the food is good and the service is great. There is an overwhelming amount of food options, so you won't leave hungry. The small center dining area is very beautiful, so try to get in there. The best area was the dessert section of course ;)
My Father in sun lakes likes to eat  takeout  an average of once a week from here, we really enjoy the food
Loved the decor, the drinks, beautiful people, good music... wonderful experience all around
Been heading to this location for a few years now, and have never had an order messed up at the drive through. They are always accurate. Staff at the drive thru are also friendly and responsive. As far as the food - it's fast food, so nothing amazing, but consistent and friendly
I'm hammered and it cost less than 20 bucks.....including the 50 cent bratwurst. Strong drinks excellent jukebox and the UFC on the TV. Doesn't get much better than this local hidden gem
Food was decent but service slow.
This place is in serious need of quality control. Every time I come here people seem lazy and the work shows. Always need to head home and do a \"second rinse\"\n\nTruly blown away that this place is in business and as busy as it is. Come on guys!
Fantastic!  The decor and layout was perfect for an nice warm espresso to start off the day in Madison.  The breakfast menu looked incredible but did not partake sadly.  The coffee was very tasty and I was intrigued by the upcoming events.  If I lived in Madison, that would be my coffee joint.
There can sometimes be quite a lineup for the table but the food is pretty good.  The pad thai was only so so but I must say I am a fan of the Frank's BBQ sandwich.  Their fries are nicely seasoned.  The desserts are usually good if you have room as the portions here are on the big side.
Didn't try the food but they had a very impressive wine list, really cool atmosphere, and very friendly and knowledgeable bar staff.
The doctor was rude and only looked at me for 5 minutes... Horrible experience. Will never return. Even charged me for a return visit just to tell me \"I have nothing left to try.\" Couldn't they tell me that on the phone? Avoid this place.
If you like AUTHENTIC Mexican food, don't bother.  If you don't know the difference you'll probably be ok.  My feeling is that it is totally \"sanitized\" with little to no soul.  It's overpriced as well.
I love this place great cut great price and always super service, Roman cuts my hair and won,t let me leave till it is perfect not my perfect but Roman's so he wants me to look his best so it is perfect.
i bought a birthday cake for my yorkie Princz and it was so beautiful. worth every penny :)
Eat here if you like terrible music playing loudly in your ear, $12 vodka tonics made with Sprite and hair, rude servers, food that may or may not make you vomit four times in the middle of the night, and slow service. Seriously. Don't go here if your life depends on it.
Been to Maggiano's many times. The food and service are excellent. I'd recommend reservations for busy times as they get very busy, and deservedly so!
Service was great. Food was below par and not worth the price at all. Really there was a major lack of flavor and originality.
Ohhhh, Noooo!  They're closed.  I really liked Mountainview and will miss them VERY much!
Been here twice. \n\nTerrible food and terrible service.
They no longer provide shuttle service.
Though the lines can be long and they occasionally run out of the really good stuff, a trip to Black Dog is worth planning your whole day around.\n\nI was especially happy and surprised to find a place serving Carolina style bbq!
Very good store, fast employees. They had a new guy who really slowed things down there a while ago, but it looks like he's up to speed now.
I haven't been to the Salt Cellar in a few years BUT I do remember having crab and fillet mignon and it was DELICIOUS! The place is a little cramped and dark but it was still a nice experience.  So far its the best fillet mignon I have ever had.
Worst Italian food ever. Rude waiter. Decore very lame. Room full because of coupon customers. I don't know where other reviewers have gone but don't listen to them! Stay away.
Blech, do yourself a favor and go to ANY of the buffets on the Strip and you'll get a better bang for your buck. Not worth it.
Honest and professional people and service. \n\nNoticed the car was still under warranty for the part in question, didn't charge me any thing and got the car fixed by the dealer for no additional costs.
Met here with good friends.. Made an evening of it.  Food was yummy, service was great, pretty room, great bartender.. Chocolate martins.. Delish..
I've been several times, food always great. Something good happened with friendly service. Noticeable difference and nice! Bink is really special! Thanks! Fried Chicken and fries. Really great.
Love, love, love this deli!  I have never had a bad meal here and actually get cravings for their hot pastrami sandwich with swiss cheese, cole slaw, and Russian dressing....oh, dear, feel another craving coming on!  See you this weekend!
Disappearing Selection - was not impressed on second go around.
Stay away.  This car wash is the slowest of any I have ever used.  Woefully understaffed and not concerned about it either.  For a basic wash, I waited 50 minutes.  Your car will air dry before a person touches it.  Very poor service.
The food is ok the prices are a bit on the high side and they could definitely use some help on keeping the place clean tables were dirty garbage on the floor
Consistently a very friendly and efficient staff.  The patio view of the water makes it a great atmosphere.  Coffee's great!
I went on a Saturday at lunch not very busy ... Friday I went by for lunch and it was busy with the downtown office people. Service and food was great... got the dragon and volcano rolls very good! And tasty fried dumplings... if I ever find myself in Charlotte again I will return.
Great service, cozy atmosphere, tasty food. A little pricey, but all made from scratch, fresh ingredients prepared with love.
Best (Asian) Pastry in town!!! Sooo Yummy!
Checked out this Whole Foods for the first time yesterday and we were very disappointed. Much smaller than other Whole Foods locations we've been to, less selection and pretty expensive (although most Whole Foods are expensive). I definitely won't be making any more special trips to this location.
This place is very busy and fast pace. It's located inside the mall and across the street from the metro. The place is pretty big inside and clean and the staff are polite and patience with there customers. I did not like how the tables are too close to each other which causes people to bump into each other while there eating.
It's Denny's! friendly service, food was Meh? Nothing to write home about, my Bfast potatoes we hot and Ice cold... wanted to B**CH but just passed on eating them and left...
I have had mixed experiences here, including possibly the worst service ever received in a corporate restaurant: out of four entrees, two were incorrect and not a single drink refill was brought in a 40 minute meal.
If you like the stuck up Scottsdale vibe this is a good place for you. The food isn't impressive. Nice outdoor seating.
Worst food I ever had .... Sauce taste like Prego checking was old and we had to send it back chicken wings were way to greasy and sauce is not tasty.. Would never go back I can't believe this place had 4 stars..
The pies are ridiculous.\n\nAlways good to have when visiting loved ones for any occassions.\n\nBanana cream pie, coconut, chocolate, fresh strawberry pie... I can go on and with the list of likes.
Very slow service, had to get our own drink refills. Bathrooms were in need if cleaning. \nBut the food was great.
Yum. Ice cream made on premesis in a mind-boggling array of flavors. Home made waffle cones too. Outside seating on the main square in Mint Hill. Beats any chain hands-down.
I brought here all of our aprons, table cloth, seat cover etc., that we use in our small diner's. Expecting that we can get it in time that we need to. And glad that I find the right place and less expensive laundry shop that meet our needs.
Huge selection but get here early because the place gets busy but they move you through pretty quickly
Was excited to try them out but definitely hit with mediocre bbq. Only best thing was the sweet tea. But doesn't compare to Bojangles tea.
We ate here our first night in Charlotte! It was delivered quickly, still hot, and fresh!! I got the Everything Bagel crust, not impressed, very very salty! I did like the Cajun bread sticks! Excited to try different crust types!!
I enjoyed the atmosphere being laid back.  I will have to try it again because I did not care for my chicken.  I was expecting a rub, and it was a sauce.  But, I tried my sisters shrimp and they were good, I will have to ask for light seasoning, they were heavily seasoned.
I bought a used car from Honda West in July of 2011. I got a good deal, a good car, fast service,  and I have no complaints! 5 Stars!
Love the chicken fingers. The Canes sauce is awesome and addictive. The Texas toast is delicious. I don't like the Cole slaw so I get more toast instead. The lemonade is great.
Amazing food.... I have no words.
Absolutely delicious! Very friendly service as well.\n\nGot 2 broths, Thai and Chinese, with 2 meats (shabu beef and pork loin), 2 vegetables (shiitake mushroom and napa cabbage), 1 house special firm tofu, and oval noodles.
Lived in this place almost 3 years.  I love this place, the prices are reasonable for the sizes.  The office staff were wonderful, and friendly.  Whenever something needed to be fixed it was done efficient and correctly compared to other places I lived.  If I moved back to az, and rented this would be the place I would live.
AMAZING pizza.\n\nWhat else do you need to know?\n\nStaff has always been nice and helpful.  Nothing tops the food though...
Get what you pay for.
I really wanted to like this place hearing that they are from Italy.\nbut i really dont have much to say about it.\nI had a regular cheese pizza and my best way to explain it would be it seemed watered down or watery if that makes since. I also didnt care for the cheesebread :-(
Worst Italian food I ever had,  both dishes me and my boyfriend had was super super salty,  it's so salty that hurts my tongue and I have to keep drinking water. The best food maybe was the complimentary garlic bread....
pizza was good, $17 large cheese pizza  togo. pizza rock better.\nbar staff and togo staff was great very nice and good looking people.
This place has great food and very reasonable prices.  The service is very friendly and quick.  The location is \"cozy\" but adequate.  I have been eating here frequently for over a year and have never had any complaints.
There are ONLY two people who work in this HUGE store today and neither know where lamp oil is or were able to call a manager because the \"manager is busy in a meeting.\"
great tradition every year in Las Vegas! loved it's a great to be able to pack the kids in the car and stay warm and cozy while you drive through the amazing light show!! awesome place to go for some family time!!
This was a LONG Drive across town for a disappointment. At Christmas time they have decorations up so good photo op's and photos with Santa. \n\nThe BEST peanut brittle ever but a box is $25! I feel violated. I didn't even get dinner and a movie first!
This restaurant offered a variety of foods but  I didn't feel that \"Greek\" necessarily represented the whole menu. Food was okay. Nothing to rave about. Service was good. Again, nothing to rave about. I'm not sure I would make a point to go back.
this place is now out of business
This place was good, but i think it is over rated on yelp.  The dumplings were good, but too salty for my taste.\n\nYes, there's a lot of choices and maybe we were not lucky, but my gf and I were not that impressed.
I had the opportunity to return to Table 10 last night and had a huge turn around compared to a prior visit. The quality of the food, recommendations by the servers and welcome by management was all spot on. I highly recommend even If not in the mood for a full meal try stopping in and trying a drink from the specialty bar menu.
I wanted too Give a kudos to my sales agent Meagan Carroll at the south blvd location. she was extremely professional and a doll to work with. She really made this purchase a easy one hands down! i would recommend Mattress Firm to anyone!\n -Thanks Meagan!!!
Don't go to this place expecting to feed your tummy. The portions are horribly small and EXPENSIVE for what you can get at other places.\n\nFancy place but it sucks!!!\n\nSave your money and go to the Wynn instead!
Difficult to find.  Annoying bar setup with mostly garbage Bud/Miller/Coors products like Blue Moon, and they had the nerve to serve me a Guinness in a frosty glass.  Service was a bit slow.  Prices were reasonable though.  Old building on the outside but decent inside.
Didn't get to sit outside so a little disappointed.  We saw the \"big assed burgers\" and all decided to get one.  They were great but a bit messy.  Food and service were excellent.  Will try and get back for happy hour
I haven't been here for a while & it was a mistake coming here this time for breakfast.   All of the food that arrived was served cold & my eggs were improperly cooked.  Overall, the food quality, execution & service was poor.  Needless to say I will not be back!
This is like a gay dive bar...I wasn't sure if I was going to get knifed or not. They were holding a poker tournament so it brought in all sorts of characters. In also reeked of vomit inside. However, their outdoor patio was adorable!!
Boycot this restaurant for serving shark fin
D+ Mexican food at best. I didn't get sick or barf up a hariball.\n\nThat's the best I can say about this place
Won't be going here again. Made the cardinal sin of brining a coffee to an early game. Denied entry. Last time I go with friends on a Sunday and spend $200 at Half moon. Zipps it is!!!
The food was good, would have given 5 stars,but our server Manny was a little rude and inpatient. Manny did seem to pull it together when he took our order for dinner. Overall I recommend for good tasting Mexican food,but management needs to teach Manny some manners.
As buffet's go this is a little hit or miss. The brisket is phenomenal, I really enjoyed the potatoes and gravy and the wide array of desserts. I wish there had been a better salad selection but overall it was tasty.
Love this place. Everyone is nice and my nails are always done right
Always good food and service
No plain bagels on a Friday morning at 8:30.  Took our order and didn't tell us until we were paying that they were out of Cinnamon and plain.  Wasted 10 minutes in line.  On duty supervisor heard all of this happening, told the worker to tell us instead of turning around and facing us.
I had two partitions of my backyard block wall knocked down by a tree falling over it during a storm. Just Right Masonry gave me a good estimate and I went with them. The block-wall repair looks seamless and solid. What more can you expect? Some big name masonry companies quoted me for twice as much.
Good food except the biscuit was not good at all in our opinion; very dry and no substance. The staff that we encountered was kind and welcoming. Nice place!
oh wow, this place is amazing! It's like a modern Cracker Barrell (no offense, I like Cracker Barrell) however, this place had a younger, more hip twist to it. Pet friendly patio, picnic benches in the back, and complimentary valet. I could get used to this!
Horrible staff and they do not honor the specials they mail out !!! Please stay away from this place go to Rocco's in Aliante instead !!
I've order General Tso's chicken and disappointed. It wasn't sweet, tangy, or red enough and the sauce was too watery.
Love this place! Next to great restaurants and artistic decor inside! See Rachelle! She's an amazing colorist! They carry great products like O&M and I can always count on Rachelle to give me good tips for keeping my hair healthy!!!
Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well
Excellent burger
I have never been to a store ran by a bigger bunch of assholes in my whole life. I'd feel better having abandoned hygiene for a week and going to a Ferrari dealer.
Nice club close to ludwigplatz. The place is not huge but large enough to have fun and is generally crowded.\n\nDress code is not too strict but a shirt is welcome.
Good service and food. The food is high-end for a brew pub, definitely not the same frozen stuff you find everywhere. That makes the prices a little high, but not crazy.
This is really a great sports bar. Nice atmosphere, reasonably priced and delicious bar food. Not a lot of variety on the menu, but there doesn't have to be when everything is always prepared very well. The bartenders also happen to be very easy on the eye as well.
The food here never disappoints. It's always hot, fresh, and delicious. The pizza is great. My sister and I recently discovered this place and we always order from here now. The staff is friendly and prepares your order fast. The prices are really good too!
couldn't be happier with new ownership and excellent service. Had all of my girls nails done here and they're just perfect
Yikes! Spinach dip was super salty (more like salt-lick) and bruschetta is a cheap Postino clone. At least the Bree plate was okay.
Went to the Bellagio buffet. It used to be great, but expensive. Now they've cheapened it down - serving average items prepared in a mediocre manner - and it's still expensive. Run away! Better meals are available all over town at cheaper prices.
Great food. Especially the wings and burgers. I've never had one bad thing here. I would caution the cleanliness of the market square one. The rest are great, but the one in market square isn't the most tidy. Avoid the bathroom if possible.
The Spa itself is breath taking. More like a movie set. But I was there for a massage, and they failed to give even a mediocre massage. For such an expensive massage, it was a real let down. Next time, I will search Yelp for best spa massage in area.
The best place in town that really captures how Chicago food should taste like. I highly recommend the Chicago dog/Italian Beef (dipped) combo.
Cheap rates for driving range balls. Could use some more grass on the range though!
Unfortunately I had to experience the ER today, but was very happy with the nurses, and doctors, and the rush/assessment for my visit. I was nervous and they were comforting and allowed me to leave satisfied, and with some medicine and instructions, with discharge paperwork.  Overall, great experience, but the wait time was so long.
Hidden next to pork and beans, this window coffee was pretty good.\n\nOrdered a mocha and it was fast and fresh.\nCustomer service was polite and helpful.\nQuick and easy
We went in for a take out order. Staff was very friendly and helpful. \nThe pizza was so so and the crust very burnt. Made for a very disappointing experience.\nToo many pizza options to endure this again.
This is by far the best tailor I've ever been to! And I've lived all over the world. They pay such attention to detail, do an incredible job, and their price is the best in town. I've come to them several times and I will continue to come back time and time again. Thanks
Some of the best seafood that we've had in town. There seems to be places in town that get better reviews, but I'm not sure why.\n\nIf I want crab or lobster this is the place to go.
Great place for folks with fat, fat wallets.  They'll gladly relieve the strain!  I just wanted a glass of Merlot.  They promptly delivered and said, \"that comes to $19.50.  NEVER AGAIN!
Can I really expect too much if it's a free show? Of course because I AM IN VEGAS!!!  However, this is a pretty bad one considering I walked all the way out here to see this.  Oh well...
One of the best Thai places near ASU, great service & lunch selection as well.
After urging by others we stopped by for early dinner here last week-pleasantly surprised by the great, lively, casual atmosphere-a great addition to McCormick Ranch for the locals! Salads were great and we will definitely stop by again to try the baby back ribs! Highly recommended!
Pizza  is amazing! Elana Pizza is the perfect balance of sweet savory and salt. Definitely a must try. Meatballs are better than my Nona's and best I've had. Menu is compact but everything is excellent!!!
Fast and friendly. Hush puppies were delicious! Fish was so so not a lot of flavor but much better with vinegar drenched on top. Fries need a redo, I did not care for them at all.
I used to go to this gym and I loved it! I would still be there if I still lived in the area. Everything is so clean and the staff is super friendly.
We ate breakfast here on two occassions and the service was slow both times. Food was bland and hash browns and bacon were overcooked. There are far better cafes for breakfast in Las Vegas.
Late night/early morning pizza tastes sooooo good!\n\nThis place is open till 5am and has pretty decent pizza.  We got the pizza togo since the place was pretty crowded, kinda messy (at that hour), and small.
Room 241 this time.  Octagonal room, very comfortable.  Nice.
Cheese curds were good but don't eat too much because you'll have a tummy ache afterwards. Great Dane pub wings was ok, there wasn't anything special about it. Buffalo Mac and Cheese was way too cheesy. Overall, food was ok but staff was friendly and welcoming.
Incredible breakfast! I love coming here everyone in in Vegas.  I have tried most menu items and they are all fabulous.  Must try if you have never been here.
It is April 30th at 10:35am. According to their website, their yelp page, their automated phone system and their front door this place is supposed to be open at 10am.... need I say more?!
I honestly don't know why I continue to come to this location. The food here just isn't good. The first time I came here the guy serving my food had a cold and had a running nose and it was messy. I thought I would give it another try but the food just doesn't taste good. Not pleased
She's gone. Apparently the employees were happy to see her go as well. If I am so hungry and the other 12 places right nearby are closed I might go again to see if they'll scorch my fries.
Returned after about a 20 year hiatus. Duck leg and breast in a wine sauce was superb. They said it was confit but it wasn't, still superb. My wife had the beef bourgognon which she absolutely loved. Very nice atmosphere and good service. With wine about $125, a bargain especially for Vegas.
I love love love the coffee. Tried their Nutella latte with Almond croissant...yummmmy . Its my last day today here & will do the last coffee again. Please open your lication in SF too.
I really enjoyed the lunch.  The turkey sandwich was fresh and tasty.  The salads were good but the kale soup was super salty.  The portions are great but I found it a bit too pricey for what we got.  \n\nIt's a great place to enjoy eating outside and take a simple stroll afterwards.
Very good show.  Impressed with the acrobatics and water choreography.   Different than most of the other Cirque shows due to the water element - but the same in terms of quality of story line, acrobatics, humor, choreography and music.  Well worth the time and money.  I highly recommend it!
things were mediocre. fries were not crisp enough. kid at the register didn't seem to know anything,. I asked for a recommendation and he was pretty clueless. great location, but needs a bit of improvement
Very good food. Very attentive service. I've been in twice and got take out once. Each time has been consistently good.
M&M's galore! Also check out the free 3D movie! Great fun for the family! Don't forget to look for their M&M mascots roaming around.
Understaffed, disorganized.  It should not take a half hour to get a pizza.  Definitely not worth the lower price.
I have tried a lot of vietnamese restaurant, this one is just so so. The roll is good, but the pho, not as delicious as I expected.
I visited Gonzalez y Gonzalez both times I was in Vegas.  the first time was just chance, we were hungry,  it was there.  But, the delicious food, good service, and beverages brought us back the second time! The restaurant has an atmosphere of fun and excitement, exactly what you want in Vegas!
No wheat bread option!  And I don't like their white bread either.
It is great that the place is in the neighborhood. It is just sad that it is nothing special. The only reason we go is because it is convenient.  The staff are always nice.
I had a great experience today at the attic great location and the muscles in white wine were fab!!!!! I can guarantee 100% I will return!!
If you don't get overwhelmed by the menu, I don't think there is a way to leave Luna's without feeling healthier and better about yourself. Great vibes, great eats. Especially for vegetarians!
Always fun!! And is surrounded with a lot of very good restaurants as well!
a good selection of interesting fusion or classic Indian fares but not everything passes the test on the menu. the wine by the glass selection is poor. The location is nice and restaurant comfortable. During warm days the terrace in the front is very pleasant.
Paul came over to inspect for termites. He was on time and friendly. After 10 minutes he said there were no termites and he did not charge me!!! I will be calling him in the future!!!
Friendly service. We were the only customers so service was good. Food was good and cheap. left happy!
Delicious poutine made in a frying pan with tones of vegetables from onions, peppers, to mushrooms and olives.  Vegetarian but you might have to get this one to go since the seating here is limited.
Wow, who doesn't love this place!  We wanted every color and every flavors, so we shall have them.  Our loot, two bags of rainbow colored happiness.
Delicious indian food in Montreal. Lovely decor and located in Old Montreal. Expensive, but expected for the area.
I heard that their all you can eat sushi buffet was good. This was standard sushi. I wouldn't say that it was great or exotic but it wasn't bad. The sushi chiefs weren't very talkative or attentive for that matter but that was ok. I would say this place is just that, OK
Lame... The wrist bands are a joke. Nothing but dudes. The girls at the door are rude.
If I could give 0 stars I would. I called and the front desk lady was so rude to me, that there is no way I would trust their doctors opinion. If that's the kind of people they hire for customer service, then I don't want to give them any business. I can't imagine how poor they treat their patients.
Pros=ambiance and service \n\nCons=Kitchen ran out of 3 different things we tried ordering.  Way over priced. Micro portions. Food wasn't really that great\n\nAll in all save your money and try somewhere else. I won't be back
I've been going here for 8 years and it's such a fun place, high energy. The food is very flavorful and Eric is the funniest server. N9ne will always be one of my favorites.
The Lox works was okay - overall the taste and ingredients was okay. The service is friendly but slow.
Food is yummy and the portions are huge I suggest splitting. It's a great place to people watch also. I have never been on the lounge side. The decor is unusual to say the least. Low ceilings with dark mirrored tiles. Purple booths. Very kitchy.
Most of the food tastes like they came from frozen food packages. The soup for the soup noodle tastes like the packet ramen that I cook. Hainanese chicken was dry. Congee was thick and rough. Not my kind of cooking. I won't be going back.
Me and my girlfriend went there yesterday we had fish and chips food was excellent the service was good but the problem was when I check my bank statement they charge more than what the slip was I did call back the restaurant give my name to the girl and waited for the manager to call me no response yet.
Five star beer and four star food.  The uniqueness of a great brewery is overshadowed by a bar feel.  Some people come here and drink Miller and Corona beer from a bottle.  The Tempe location is better but a further distance for me.
The staff at the store is very friendly but they are severely understaffed. I was second in line and it has been an hour. AT&T should really pay attention to this, the have been the customers that walked out thus far. Not sure what that is worth but lost customers are hard to replace.
gotta try this place again, tried it back in Chicago, didn't like it. Been about 4 years, let me try again in Vegas...i tried it again, not a big fan. Maybe it's the bread, or the weird guy behind the counter, but i probably won't be going back.
The chix parm is the only thing worth getting.  Everything else is prepared too far in advance like the chix for pasta is prepared earlier and warmed up. Chix parm was good just very thin.  It's a chain I should have known better.
Je suis toujours tr\u00e8s satisfaite de ce restaurant.  C'est un endroit tr\u00e8s chaleureux o\u00f9 il fait bon de se retrouver entre amies.
Going back to Pizza A Metro is a no brainer. Great italian food. Tried a special Grilled Pork  with Gorgonzola sauce which was great. I would not randomly select dishes at most places but here there is so little chance of getting a miss. Service and setup is great.
Came here just to get a glass of wine before a movie, service was awful. Took 15 minutes for the wine to come after ordering, by the time it came I had to chug it to make it to the movie on time.
Didn't find the Tazonite I was looking for
This place is so fantastic. This is the only place in the valley that never fails with my order, and I have never once been disappointed by them. Warm and friendly environment. Workers are wonderful, the drinks and food are great. Jorge and Devon make sure to make you feel like home when you're there. Bomboba is awesome!
Seven adults & two children venture in after a long day of hiking for dinner service. Not only did it take long to put two tables together but our server was also serving six other tables at the same time. I think their management needs to get things in order & not let three server's stand around while only one is actually working.
Pretty decent cupcakes. Love the variety and the creativity. Minus one star for overzealous frosting, but overall they are some of the best cupcakes I've had.
I love the hot wings, the amount they service is very generous due to the size of the wings and the amount of celery and carrots they serves along with it. I was a very satisfied customer.
I've ate there many times before and it's my all time favorite sushi place in Vegas! Great service and the best sushi I've ever had.
Ok! So the music was great!!! Had fun dancing the whole night, but unless you plan on getting bottle service then you won't be able to see the stage. Drinks are very expensive.
Best in Queen Creek! Prices are great and the staff knows what they're doing. I will totally be back again!
Great food and big portions. Make sure u try the breakfast burrito. Staff is friendly and fast. They have like a million tv's so if your looking for some sports playoff action, go visit the lodge.
Best frozen Custard ive ever had Smooth and creamy and lots of diffrent flavors the pumpkin is my favorite so far ive been a half a dozen times and its always a treat! butterscotch jimmys mmmm..... about ten dollars for two icecreams but worth every penny.
Don't expect to find anything you want to purchase with coupons here, there is a serious extreme couponer who hits this store and gets all the goods! Very irritating! Other than that, employees are very nice and the store is well kept.
HUGE nachos, great comfort food, and chill atmosphere.  Chicken and Dumplins!  There is another location in Huntersville, but isn't always quite as good.
Cute rear courtyard - snag a table here if you can in good weather -- outdoor heaters are present but quite spread apart, so dress warmly. The inside is a dump. The food is mediocre and overpriced - tourist trap.
We've been back for lunch or brunch since my last review,  and we really do like it there.  We're still hesitant to try dinner after that last,  awful time.
I really enjoy going to Floyds. It's a nice date place with great wine prices and tasty food!
The lobster bisque is good but not as amazing as other people have said. I am also a harsh judge I am from New England. Service was great, the salad bar was fantastic. My favorite were the little cheese pop-over thingies that appeared at our table.
They have a decent car wash. The staff was friendly. Not much to say about a gas station. Lol
So its a good thing they have good service because the food is not so great. at 38 a pop i expected Cadillac food and instead got Saturn style. On a positive note the bar in there was good but not enough to raise the starts since we go there to eat.
This place ROCKED. Everything was absolutely delicious. The loaded hot dogs were so good and the homemade relish was really good too.  We also tried the chili dog and the chili was just meh. Awesome cake shakes too!
First timer here.  Poorly organized ordering, drink area was a mess, food was nominal.  Will not be back.
Not good.  Don't understand why they are open and Lo Lo's closed.  The food tastes terrible.  Meat was rough.  I had orange chicken.  Would never go back
I liked everything about this place. The food was great. I had a Gus burger. Honestly, one of the best burgers I have ever had. The service was friendly and fast, even though it was happy hour.
This place is fabulous. Unique vintage finds and some local handmade jewelry to boot. Some prices are a little high, but it's well worth the trip. You WILL find something. I go every time my husband and I come back from CA to visit his family.
We had Fried shrimp wontons, hai nan chicken rice, and fried shrimp wontons for lunch. All the dishes are delicious. Price is cheap. The restaurant is very clean  with open kitchen. Highly recommended.
Spinach Wet Burrito!
Overpriced. Several times I have ordered a sandwich and one entire half has had no meat. They are careless and try to go to fast and it comprises the food. They smother everything  in mayo. Was excited for a new place out here but am always disappointed.
It is frezzing inside and the service is terrible,gave away our order to someone else and then said it would be another 15 min and when we said no they only gave us a partial refund and made us pay for the coffee even thoug we were leaving .they need a lesson in the customer is right
Seriously awesome and adorable little boutique. This was my first time getting my legs waxed (hubby was coming home from deployment) they told me everything I needed to know and made me feel so comfortable!! And to boot it stung a little...but really not as bad as I thought! will totally be returning :)
I ate there once a few years ago and was unimpressed.  I thought the food was mediocre and rather expensive.
Good Service. Good Beer. Good Food.
Went in for happy hour. Nice server. Food was a bit slow coming out. Tried the chicken lolipops, sliders and animal fries. Everything was very average & typical for bar food. Probably wouldn't be my top happy hour recommendation for food, but it's a nice place to sit outside with big TVs.
I was contacted by the owner of the salon. He was extremely gracious and apologetic for the bad experience, and offered to try and make it right. Which goes a long for making things better for me.
Tuesday, 39 dollar shots. Love it!
Not only were both of my flights late, they over booked one so 3 people had to give up there seats. I will pay the extra 30 for a different airline next time
3-4 stars, only gave 3 cuz I only ordered food and no drinks. Club and fries was good, good service!
My boss took a bunch of us here when we were in town. I was very impressed, great steak. Lived up to the hype of a celebrity chef restaurant. The fries and dipping sauces were as good as advertised. Great design and layout. Service was excellent.
Drinks are made perfect, service rocks. Other locations have employees that look bored but at this location, I'm always greeted with a smile.
The chicken fajitas are marvelous. The tortillas are handmade and the chicken is moist and flavorable. Our waiter on this recent visit was efficient  and friendly. Our only complaint was the carnitas were loaded with fat.
Will never go back to ChopShop again.......Found a Rubber Band in my Sandwich! Obviously their cooking environment is not up to par.
I am also not a fan of this Starbucks and I also will travel further to the other Starbucks on Shea.  Seems like everytime I would a latte it's really light and half the cup is filled with froth.  Feels cheated.  \nShea location is much better.
Great food. But they are ALWAYS out of something. Pico de Gallo or lettuce or grilled chicken. It really slows up the line and all business in general. If you live closer to another location I would never come here. Unfortunately I live across the street.
Love the interior design and salsa bar.
Some of the worst German food I've ever had.  The server was very nice though, and the pretzel was okay.
Always great service!  Thin crust pizza is great as well.  Try a side salad and add some bruschetta on top!  Can't beat it.  The happy hour is a good deal too!
Very nice B&B experience.  Friendly and accommodating service.  Feels like staying in a nice home.  Room was quite and tastefully furnished.  Good quality breakfast.  Desserts provided.  Enjoyed the complimentary bikes to ride around the UW Arboretum.
I have been to this shop twice. The women who run it are rude to their customers and my latte was burnt both times. I will admit that it's CUTE! Great interior and WiFi, but that isn't enough to make up for the attitude you receive and the awful lattes!
it was alright. the food was okay, the service was not the best and there were barely any people in there. i wish i wasn't totally hungover as i'm thinking the food was pretty good, but my taste buds were shot. but it was convenient and i'd go back sober with my taste buds ready.
Mediocre at best, but sometimes you just need a gyro.\n\nAnd if you're willing to eat a gyro with microwaved lamb meat, tasteless tzatsiki sauce and decent pita . . . well, it is possible to do a lot worse.
Thai house is great!  Food is always prepared well and made fresh!  I frequently get take out.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  They have great lunch specials too!
One step above a hole in the wall buffet place.  Food was edible.  Very bland, service was very un-attentive and my egg roll was soggy to boot.  I'll take my money elsewhere.
Pho broth is no good. Service is no good. There are plenty of other pho places in the area. This one was not worth my time and money.
This place.... Yes! Go if you like sushi go! Come hungry. The all you can eat is a steal, it includes soup and desert. All the rolls are made quickly and extremely friendly staff.
I like the Bojangles franchise over all, but this location serves greasy chicken which was over fried and keep under the heat lamp to long. The fries are over cooked and the rice sticky and mushy. \nThis is a below average place to eat. I hope they read this and some changes.
Even with construction going on- \nIt's noisy - \nWent to front desk this am, Thomas very helpful- we got earplugs and a generous credit to eat at a restaurant! Above and beyond exceptional service !
Delicious dinner with great flavors. Spicy, but not overwhelming. The best part of the experience was the wonderful service. Friendly and helpful. In particular, Jori really added to the perception of feeling at home.
Had a breakfast sandwhich and it was good.  The drive-through customer service was a couple of notches above what you'd expect- great attitudes, helpful, and cheerful.  Jack knows how to hire and retain a crew.  Food it typical Jbx.
Average Mexican food here. Prices run  between $15 - 20  for most plates.  Don't bother with the Margaritas.  They are made in a freezer( machine and have very little tequila in them.  No hurry to go back.
My room was room 468, which has a small patio, it is on the pool level, but there was shrubs as to have privacy. I really liked having the open space, but I am sure there are VIEWS to die for up higher.
The potatoes were off the chart. If you are into tapas then this place will rock your world. A few of the dishes weren't our favorite but 3-4 were really good with great flavors!
First time there, went to the lunch buffet with a couple of friends and it was amazing.\nTons of vegetarian options. Love it!
got in free before 12am one wkend - the club is smaller than i expected like the dancefloor which is weird & crowded at times and hot lol theres other VIP rooms but the decor is nice
Excellent sushi. The standout dish was the toban spiced albacore with citrus ponzu and crispy onions. One of the better sushi dishes I have had. Everything was good and well plated.
So good. Went for the lunch buffet and was surprised at how good the food was - green curry, pad thai, etc. They keep it fresh and good. I was pleasantly surprised.
A wonderfully leisurely Sunday Brunch
Saw the 25 cent wings advertisement while walking on the Strip with some friends, so we trekked it over at 2 in the morning. \n\n Bottom line: they taste way better when you reheat them in the morning!!
The food was decent..... but expensive\n\n\nBUT THE WAITRESS SUCKED\n\nTHE END!
Went there based on good Yelp reviews, WiFi was down, they only had 1 gluten free option as far as baked goods went, staff was not super friendly so I just moved on. Bummer, I was excited to try it :-/
No help at all, they were just sitting in there office and didn't even greet us. They had no idea what was on there lot when I was asking about prices.. Came out here from Mesa and it was a waste of my time. Horrible customer service!!
Teres is the only nail salon I trust with my temperamental nails. All of the technicians are great! Sharon is phenomenal! This is a great spot to get away and unwind in solo or meet the ladies for a spa day. It is conveniently located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.
Love everything about this place: decoration, vibe, service, burgers are some of the best i had & milkshakes are so tasty, presentation ! fun for a small group outing \n\nVery original
This place is great. Clean, friendly, food is great (slamin salmon always had a lot of roe) and great value (go during happy hour). A great place to eat in phoenix.
The food was bland and portion small and cost high.
This is by far the most delicious, authentic spot in the city! My friends and family all love going here. Incredible tacos, very tender meat and fabulous sauces. I'd eat here daily if I could!
My son has been seeing providers from EVCC for 15 years and we've been very happy with all the doctors, nurse practitioners and the support staff.  We can almost always get a same day appointment and they have treated us with respect and are very professional.
Loving happy hour! Good service, great prices and tons of TV'S to watch all the sports you need to catch.
Paid for a venti green tea lemonade and got a tall green tea lemonade . Reason why I didn't go back was because I had to go to school was in a rush I wish the girls that always take my orders were there
I love this 99 cent store location they always have what im looking for when it comes to household items the area is kind of shady but I still prefer this location to the others in the valley and they always have my favorite soda here so that's a plus.
Great patio and friendly staff. I recommmd the Ahi Tuna taco platter.
Monica has been a saint to my hair. I trust her completely. Wether it's a cut or color I always leave completely happy with my hair. It is such a fun  environment to be in.  I'll never go anywhere else!
Deliciously amazing! Great quiet place!!! Must try Hot & Sour Soup!!!!
Nice variety, good atmosphere and great service.
love paradise bakery. but it seems to me everyone that works at this location is high....just saying lol
According to several sources, Mango is the most popular; however, the last 3 times we visited, they did not offer that flavor.  We walked out.  Rita's - you just lost a loyal customer due to your poor management.
Love this place! Delicious pizza. And i am very picky about my pizza. Lovely server. Clean atmosphere. Also good for take out service!
Hair product shopping good but pricey and sales are not that great - hair styling - not ever again.
This place rocks for fresh excellent produce and fish and their service has always been good - best day to go is Wednesday as that is when their sales start and stop, so you get the advantage of previous week's sales just ending and the new week's sales just starting on the same day.
Great place, good music and good food. I had both lunch and dinner at Gilley's. But i had to say, that TGI Fridays have a better Baby Back Ribs. I will come back back next year to Gilley's
Love their BLT, and their pizza.....mmmm.  One of my favorite local pizza joints.  Right there with The Parlor, Bianco, etc...\n\nNever tried their breakfast but rumor has it....it's good!!
My wife and i frequent this Home Depot often for the good deals and the 10% military discount ....the store is very nice organized and the staff are always ready to help!
Great food! I had a lovely meal here with my husband. Big servings and it was very tasty. Service was a little slow because they only had one girl on and three tables came in behind us but I was very pleased with the food which is he most important thing to me. I will return!
I hope I was just there on an off day. Probably the worst italian food I've ever had at a restaurant. The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired as well - it kinda feels like the dining room of the rest home my grandfather lived in.
The food is pretty good with a decent selection but the environment could use some work. You smell like the food when you leave this place. Ventilation is poor and during the summer it gets extremely warm. Because of the steam from the buffet to keep the food hot, it can get humid in there.
Went in to get a pedicure. Very relaxing. My foot and calf massage was 4minutes long on  each leg, which felt amazing! Would definitely go back.
My first time there. I enjoyed it. My
Very impressed.  The food is excellent. The atmosphere and layout is top-notch.  My wife and I really enjoyed the food and cocktails here.  They have a mean steak and they serve some dishes family style.  I will definitely eat here again.
Excellent burger spot! I will be back!
One of the largest Post Offices in the area and a great group!
It's a great pedicure for the price.  Excellent service.  I'm a repeat client.
Took 40mins for my meal to come out horrible !!! Got my buzz before my food ! Horrible but the bartender was really good about it n comp'd out bill! U better sucker
Way cute dresses!!!  You must check out this hidden gem......
Love the food.  Always clean and for the most part has friendly service. The music is strangely weird at times and much too loud.
Nice, clean ...good meal for breakfast. Is the remodeled vine tavern. I highly recomend this breakfast place...the service is great...and the food is good.
Very nice friendly service. Food very good and prices really reasonable. Big portions
Amazing!! Better than anything on Rodeo Dr. The stores are beautiful and my word, what a selection.
Worst customer service ever. Lines are long,  and the workers don't even pretend to care. My shipping quotes were also not honored, just bad experiences overall.
My kids and I love this chipotle! \nWe are always are greeted by the nicest people and everything we get is delicious!!!
Great pizza and wings!!  Service was excellent!!! Will definitely go back again! The staff including the manager were very friendly and willing to cater to our needs!. We went with a Groupon special because I had never been. Prices were spot on as was service. Will definitely be back with or without a coupon!!!
The food was good but definitely not the best steak I've had. I had the filet mignon with the merlot butter. Service was friendly.\n\nThe butterscotch bread pudding was pretty delicious!
Decent food but was totally dead inside at 6pm on a Thursday.  Cant really think of anything they offer that I cant get elsewhere in South Phoenix.  Had some chips and salsa and a green chile pork burrito.  Good homemade flavor to it.
Bought a Meile vacuum from them over 10 years ago.  Rarely need it serviced but when I do they are quick and efficient.  It is the only vacuum place I would consider doing business with.
The best of the St. Catherine strip clubs. The dancers are friendly and attractive. Small cover on weekends, not on weeknights (but weeknights can be a little hit-or-miss).
I had the frozen microwave flatbed bread chicken sandwich my buddy Darnell had the south west steak burrito \n\nThe frozen microwave chicken was not very good\n\nNor was the frozen microwave steak and egg burrito
when I get hungry, this place is the first place that hits on my mind !!!!\n\nTwo thumbs up!!
Nothing special
I wouldnt say its the best torta in the east valley but it was pretty good. Their carne asada was seasoned nicely and the bread was fresh but I wish they had toasted it a little bit. Horchata was housemade and also tasty. \n\nService was friendly and prices were reasonable.
Called the phone number listed here on yelp.  20 rings, no answer.  Gave up.  If a taxi company doesn't answer their phone, they're not worth the trouble.
The tacos and drinks were delicious and the atmosphere was awesome. The wait however was very long. We had to wait outside for over an hour to be seated.
Very yummy better than most Korean places back on Oahu     Will visit every time I come back.   Combo plate!!!
Cheap stuff, not so great selection for tall people.  Long lines to check out.  Snotty staff.
1st day open !! Fast great food!! Huge portions and good w pricing. Free condiments. Drive thu and also open 24hours
Decent, consistent Mexican food!
Home of the AZ49erEmpire during the football season. Great friendly staff!
Love this place...can't beat it for a healthy meal. Tons of good options that are tasty without all the cheese.
My $9 burrito/taco combo was crap. Burrito was an onion, green pepper bomb minus the beef. Save your money and go to Del Taco
Music played was way too loud in an enclosed area, wasn't willing to swap us out to another table just caused we ordered our food. Piss poor service
Excellent Burgers, wings, wraps and a well stocked bar. The Arnold Palmers quench my thirst. Pasta night is amazing and if you are a Club Corp member they offer a 50% discount. Fine dining at drive-through prices. A treasured retreat.
Pretty Good.  Nice little dive along Camelback.  The Pale ale was desent... i tried the other beers and some were better than others.  As far as the food i tried the southwest soup that was Excellent and a chicken salad that was fresh.  Also there was a very eclectic crowd when i went there.
Every staff had a smile on their faces, we were greeted by all the staffs. We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite and it was excellent, the only thing we didn't like was the lock on our door. It didn't lock in place and we had trouble opening the door every time we came back to our room.
Cheapest theatre in town, 5 bucks before 2pm...even for new releases..\nI wont see movies anywhere else!
I can't express how angry I am at this bar. I own a small business and do not give negative reviews On yelp unless I have had absolutely horrible service
I would have to say its was mediocre.  Not bad but pretty typical Main stream mexican food. I would still recommend you give it a try. I did enjoy the Potatoes and a nice Cerveza Rita.
I ended up here twice in two weeks. The first time was fine but my food was cold had to send it back.  Tonight we sat in the bar and had to move because the live music was super loud. Too loud to enjoy.  But the service is great and the BBQ sliders were good too.  I recommend the mac and cheese.
Been going there for 10 years, always great quality and price.  Pad Thai, Wor Won Ton, and Combo fried rice are as good as I've had !
First time getting a classic shave with Tony.  I will be back.  Good atmosphere and good service.  Tony gave me a few return gift certificates as well.  Nice touch!
I dont think it compares to Todai.  The slection was great, but for the price you are better off with other buffets.  There are discounts available through Tix 4 Tonite and in some of the magazines.
Great service here.  Friendly, fast, can't ask for anything else from the staff.  One thing about the cafe itself, there is never enough seating...maybe that's a good thing so you'll take your coffee and walk around a bit...burn off that whip cream.
Bought some pre-cut cantaloupe in the refrigerated fruits section. \nWhen I came home and tasted them, they were very SOUR.\nThey were spoiled :[  Disappointed.
Food is pretty good here, chips are awsome.\nThe wait staff still could use some traning.\nHave had problems with them 2 out of the 3 times I have been here.
The happy hour specials are great and the food very passable for inexpensive sushi. The waitresses are one star though. I always tip well and after the subpar service today I may reconsider visiting again. They are rude and not attentive.
Pizza is amazing and their homemade balsamic dressing is the best in town! I like it for dipping my pizza crust as well on on a Tuscan salad.
another pie place that I would be happy to meet you at.\n\nGood service and the trick is to ask that you get thin crust  pizza.  I always go extra sauce light cheese and get toppings.  Not the best but I think it is quite damm good.\n\nhmmm...  getting hungry.
they suck
Love the food here...it's inexpensive, tastes good and they give you enough to feed a small army.  The chicken fried steak is fantastic!
I would recommend this restaurant to ANYONE WHO LOVES THAI
I thought it was great! Had the red velvet cheese cake and the macaroni cheeseburger which came to a total of $21 which I expected. The staff was extremely friendly. I got my order \"to go\" because it was so crowded.
Lot of food, if volume is your criteria, this is the place.  Good food, no, sort of like I remember army food.  Cabbage roll was way too salty.  Rack of ribs too fatty.
Pretty expensive and not terribly original.  I didn't really see a clear theme, other than obviously Beatles music.  As usual talented performers.  But in my opinion not worth the ticket price.  If you really want to go then try half price ticket provider.  I would vote for the Absinthe show if you are up for raunchy.
Very nice food, and seafood
Was within walking distance from my hotel.   Name isn't the same.   Food was delicious and a full belly when I walked away.    No beer or liquor license currently so only soda.   After traveling was hoping for a cerveza too.
This place is still relatively new so the dining area looks nice.  Food tastes like all the other Panda's I've been to.  Service is decent.
Whoever the receptionist is that works on saturday has no personality and is not friendly whatsoever. Put her ass in the back so she doesn't have to interact with people. And we waited for an hour.
Great food. A little pricy however its a great date night place.
This Hertz lot is off site, about a seven minute shuttle ride from the airport. Staff are nice. I'm in the Gold/President's Club so go right to my car (or select any car in the Gold section) & head out. Nice.
Good steak and tremendous service.  Located in the front of the Mirage, it's a prime location.  They are going to close it down and reopen another restaurant there.  For the $600 4 person dinner, I'd rather spend it someplace else.
Used, Abused and put away wet. Needs a round of new carpet and a good old fashioned power wash. And yes, I would agree the prices are high.
Not sure who these clowns are.... \"Potential Entertainment\" , big deal L.A. whatever!  We went to this place and the only \"Potential\" it has is it's \"Potential\" to go out of business.   I give it 3 more months.
One of the best Thai restaurants. Mahi Mahi Prig Pao is the best Thai dishes ever. Pad Thai was good. Lettuce rolls so-so.
Cost is high but you get great service and its about the location as well.  Your in one of the nicer hotels so don't expect not to spend some money on breakfast.  Coffees are kept fresh and when you ask for a triple shot they do not short you like a few other places... Worth it.
I have been coming to Dr. Turner for a number of years now after a bad experience with a chain dental office. He and his staff are friendly, very thorough and do great work. I'm glad I found them!
Only tried the sushi area. Tried 4 different rolls during late night happy hour. Sushi is decent but definitely not mind blowing. Prices are good but the service was terrible. Took forever before the waiter would come over and check on us.
Looking for a smaller legit place for good sushi? This is your place. \n\nIt's small, not glam and quiet. Thank God :)\n\nWe finally have found our neighborhood sushi joint. :)
Outback has just lost it for us.  Steaks have gotten small and tough and the last few times have just been disappointing.  Even the salads have shrunk.  We have moved on to another steak place for our everyday dining and to Perry's for the really good stuff.
I loved the atmosphere of this place. On top of that the food was amazing. I got the Buttermilk Pancakes with strawberries and a side of eggs. The pancakes were absolutely delicious and gigantic, and I couldn't finish them despite wanting to. \n\nI would definitely recommend this place to anybody who loves breakfast food!
Me, my husbad and 2 children enjoyed the $7.77 steak and shrimp plate (includes a green salad with your choice of dressing). Great food, great price! This meal is not on the menu, let the waiter/waitress know you'd like the \"Gambler's special\".
I was in Montreal for F1 weekend.  I couldn't be happier to find this place and get the cut I needed.  Great atmosphere, skilled barbers, reasonable prices.   I'll be back next year.
Great place to relax. Price? for the area, I'd say the prices are a bit high. Food was good with great presentation. Staff super friendly but the chairs could be replaced as they were very uncomfortable.
Excellent coffee. Cute little hole in the wall style cafe. Good service. Food menu fairly average and food is as expected - nothing to rave about.
The rooms are nice and the resort overall is clean. We spent a week here and not once was our room cleaned. We kept calling and asking but they never sent anyone. The staff looks like they hate their jobs and you feel it when you ask them for something. Won't be staying here again!
Steak was not cooked to order.  Server acted like she did not care.  Appetizer to share was small and not that good. Side Mac and cheese was great.
i like to buy their sugar donut, reminds me of HI's malasadas, it's so good, and their rich tres leche cake----oh so good....
I understand why the place is always empty because the food sucks. The manager is rude everytime I go and the food takes for ever to make. I been there 3 times and I always leave pissed off. (I go to rays at last minute because Joeys next door always busy) I will never go back to rays.
Service has been slow the few times I have been here. Prices are typical Vegas prices, but overpriced for the quality (both food & drink). The mussels lacked any and all flavor and were not very good.
This is a great place to get one's car worked on and detailed. I love the fact that these guys really settle for complete customer satisfaction and that they guarantee their work. I'll always send people here!
We came here for NYE dinner and waited for half an hour. The line moved fast. It might be a tourist trap but it's a safe bet. \nRecommend it if you are out of options. Decent food
10.16.10\n\nFor the party girl in all of us.  Unce unce unce during the day time in your bikini.\n\nWe stayed for maybe five minutes before our heads started pounding and had to head to the regular Palazzo pool.\n\nGetting old.
When I first came to Phoenix 8 years ago, I knew no one so I thought I would give this a try. After several dates, I felt as though they matched me up with anyone they could find. I stopped using the service even though I had more dates available to me. Would not reccomend based on my experience.
This was a fantastic experience.!    Eric Schultz was a great host.  The beef carpachio was excellent.   The service was as good as the food.   Family owned and operated.   We had a 6 course meal for two on our anniversary and the cost before tip was 140.
My family of 3 go at least once a week. Excellent price and always a service with a smile. Highly recommended
Super nice staff, clean establishment and GREAT food. Definitely recommend it and will be back again.
Based on the online site I expected acres of shoes. what I got was a tiny room with less selection than a Payless.  the women's section looked bigger but I'm a man so you know...
Wow!!  After reading all the horrible reviews on this place I have since canceled my trip to Las Vegas.  To bad, I realty liked the show its very entertaining . I hope they change before they lose customers!
Decent enough drinks and bartenders, but food is just ok. Pricey for average small plates. Smaller, but cool interior. Overall a pretty hipster experience.
Horrible Service, Horrible Food, I was told it was the best but that person must of not eatn for days, you know when your hungry dirt taste good and i would have rather eatn dirt then this supposed Mexican food.
Really bad service food not that great ... Short female darker  lady was rude, rice was dry and beans looked like they have been sitting there for a while .... They charge for every little add to your taco ...: I don't recommend at all
This is an amazing find... The Pad Kee Mau is the best I've ever had and the Full Moon Animosity is fantastic....I have yet to find something here I don't like.
Stayed open late for us. Reasonable prices. Good selection. Offered more than expected (complimentary rice chips and salad). Delicious food. Courteous service. Cozy atmosphere. A true gem. We'll be coming back :)
Service slow. Food was partly cold and they didn't have the specials like the one my husband and I go to in Escondido, ca.  If you have a local hooters my bet is its better. Stick with that!
This restaurant is gone.  :(  It is now a place going to be called China Jade.
Have to say this was a delicious combination of food!\nThe warm vegetable was awesome with the shawarma... Glad to have these guys in my hood, bienvenu
Amazing food!!!! Great value. Fresh and delicious :) I highly recommend this restaurant. My fiance and I will be making this a regular spot.
Definitely over priced for the quality of the food. 4 people almost $200 only ordered a couple of appetizers and 4 curry dishes..
This is a great bar.  Drinks are well made, the bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere is great.  Perfect Neighborhood bar to have one last drink before calling it a night.
Wanted to try this place since it had the shortest wait time... well now I know why.. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but the black pepper chicken didn't have much flavor at all.. I was very disappointed and will not be coming back.
Had the shredded beef tacos.  Very good for the price and portion. The beef was a bit tough but edible.  My friend had the carne asada plate.    Lots of pork.  That wad worth the price also.
Not quite 5-worthy but still some pretty solid pizza. Owner is very nice and takes a lot of pride in his work.
Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant.  The food was terrible and service worse.  Don't ever eat here.  EVER.\n\nThe male/female bartender were very nice as I walked out, so it may be okay to grab a drink.\n\nBut Don't ever eat here!
I did not stay here but saw a show and gambled. The casino is very dirty and the bathrooms are disgusting.  The bathroom looked liked a bus terminal bathroom, it was gross! I would not visit this establishment again. so disappointed..
Had the burger,  it was the shizzznit. I will definitely be back.  I plan on trying everything on the menu.  I will be back soon.
Good option when you need a break from the food at Wigwam!
What a bargain. All you can eat buffet for 24 hours....good luck if you can handle 3 meals within 24 hours.
Place is great. If u wanna b low key. They serve beer here!!!!! Hell. I love this place always have. I feel like a super star when im here :)
Expect the slowest service you have ever seen.  3 hours for a meal on a Sunday night.
Great chicken sandwich and great milk shakes!
Except the rate price of wine. .it,s ok for diner Time the bottle of wine betwin. 55to80 but you don,t have many chose in this price.
Pleasant, good service, and reasonably priced. Enjoyed the shrimp chow mein (soft noodles).
We had been here over a year ago and did not have a great experience.  We decided to try it one more time with restaurant.com coupon.  What a difference.  The remodel was great.  What a comfortable setting.  Our waitress Jenny was great and so was the food.  We will be returning.
Definently go through a promoter for this club.  Look for the ones that work there and not those outside on the strip.  For me i had an awesome time.  I was able to get in free and bypass the line.  The club was a bit small but i still had a great time.  Id def come back
Love the new concept! So many different options. We love the Pineapple Dole Whip yogurt and my kids love the fact that they sell hard ice cream and cookies now.\nAlways clean and friendly service. The decor is adorable too!
A great place to go and watch football on Sunday. Beer is cheap and super cold. Food is good (love the garlic fries). A lot better than the ratings show. Waitresses are friendly and super nice! Never a disappointment!
Food was good typical del taco but service was slow I only got my food because I went up and mad dogged the girl who took my order. I won't be coming back to this location.
Love the kale salad with salmon!!\nVery good healthy. Taste is great. Price was ok. Portion is fair.
Allot of good food. Cheesy garlic bread was bomb. Very addictive. Pretty busy night due to prom. Our waitress was very good. We have to make it back for the lasagne. Overall a good experience.
Christmas Dinner.  Fantastic.  Has an old vegas feel, very relaxing and elegant.  We all four had the hanger steak, a special for the day but since added to the menu.  It was worth every penny.  Drinks were the same, we will definitely be dining there on our next trip.  A hidden gem in Vegas.
The location is always busy, but always very clean...everytime I've been they have what I need! \n\n\nAnd its' in a great location!
Menu is good. Prices are fair for the strip. Bartenders are horrible and rude at the new location in the Venetian. I do not recommend!
Place is small, the food is limited to on what you want. It's a nice place for a quick grab for lunch. Nothing extreme but nothing bad. Place is an alright spot. Been here for years finally went in to try it. Will be back but won't be my first choice of food.
My husband stopped in here for a late dinner. Our server was pleasant and helpful. The atmosphere is a mixture of cool kickback and comforting at the same time. We had a wild and spicy sushi or something like that. Great food. I recommend getting soup for an appetizer.
This place had the perfect size short stack. It was also came with an orange infused syrup. Yummy!\n\nNot only that, but their dark mocha was awesome. It wasn't too rich...perfectly blended over ice! Great way to start off a nice humid summer madison morning!
I bring all my nice clothes that never get worn which I've bought within a year & they always give me a huge chunk of change. I'm very happy, this is the only placed I have spent money on clothes in years. I always find exactly what I want & come home with amazing clothes, even in my shoe size!!!
Nice local bar near the Sheraton. Beats the hotel bar any day.
I have only had the Chicken Katsu from here, but it is FABULOUS!!  All white meat, and portion size is insanely large!  Really a great deal for great food!
I've only been here once, but they were friendly, fast, and inexpensive for my shipping needs.  I will return!
Worst hotel service! The rooms aren't great for the price!!!!!
The sandbar is always a good place to go, but I would recommend not going on Mondays when Mercedes is working! Takes about 20 mins to get a beer when she has 3 groups of four people max.
Always good and fast. Rice is the best, meats are always grilled and fresh.
This place is GREAT!!! and to top it off the price is decent.
Great lunch today so nice that they do lunch specials on the weekend.  Great Variety on the menu.  LOVE the chicken tortilla soup I had today for the first time.  Always have had great fast friendly service
Amazing restaurant-went here last August (2013), and can't believe I didn't review it.  Have been talking about it ever since and have sent several people here-all said the same things about it.  Great food, great service, great experience.
Don't go here if you're in a hurry. Slow service.
I have sat at the bar hear numerous times and have gotten great service. Twice I have been seated at arable and have had terrible service and once told I needed to have at least three in my party to sit at a table.\nThe same man and women have provided poor service and were unprofessional both times.
Nice club.\n\n-No Fat Chicks\n-Nice Variety of Girls\n-Not too pricey\n\nI did see girl who looked like Shrek. I told her I ran a school for mutants and can help her harness her power for the good on mankind. I can help you
Wow, I really liked the folks here, and they did pack my item well. However, the international shipment I was sending was based on size and not weight, the box they chose would have cost me and extra 250.00 in shipping had I not taken the package home cut the box down and repacked it.
We always have a blast here! Playing live Keno with the 4 spot, sports playbook, bingo and they have 10 cent roulette and $3 blackjack! Friendly service all around - way cool place to chill at for a couple hours!
Nasty, dirty, smelly!! \n\nI will never ever stay here again CRUSTBUCKET!
This is a prime location for residents of Mountains Edge sitting on such a busy corner.  The fries here are always tasteless and soggy, they are slow to move the drive through along and parking is difficult based on the building configuration.  If I feel like grabbing a #2 value meal I much rather travel to the McDonalds 4 miles North on Rainbow.
An architectural feat; however, the recession has kept leasing challenge.  Vegas has become a huge shopping destination.  Everything is high-end here.  Don't expect to find Banana Republic.
Wow! So good! Love the coziness, and the spicy, delicious food. I'll definitely be back!
some of my favorite memories are dancing the night away at the rhythm room! great bands, great space, great atmosphere! one of my fave music venues in the valley!
Love This Sports Bar me & Wife had a Great Time here Good Food & Great Drink. Prices.
Love this summer project! Friendly staff. Fresh sea food! The portions are little bit small in relation with the price, but the quality is so nice! I hope to come back next year!
I've eaten a lot of spicy dishes and for the most part can handle just about any level of heat but the food was so spicy here that it wasn't even eatable.  I guess some may like this but it definitely detracted from my experience.  I might give it another shot and will try to update.
Very yummy and close to The Smith Center. Valet parking fills up fast on show night. Parked across the street and got validated at the restaurant. Make reservations!
Delicious t-bone, cooked perfectly. Chop salad is a must. Bob, our server, did a great job.
Pretty straight forward menu...tacos.\n\nReal nice salsa bar.\n\nVery clean.  A friend lives nearby and says he's never been by when they weren't cleaning the place.\n\nGood prices.\n\nWell worth the trip.
The burger is not the best, but it is one of the most decent place in the airport. The relish condiment is good, and so is the sweet potato fries. I also had the strawberry milkshake which was thick and lotsa strawberry flavor in it - as expected for a milkshake.
Really accommodating owners! Was able to buy some of their pint glasses, which were a really great deal!
Overpriced. Cashier had horrible attitude and was just plain nasty, right up there with Metro's staff. \nJust go across the street to Albertsons or a few blocks down to Walmart.
Great food! Great friendly service! I love fresh healthy choices... This establishment would do well in the good parts of LA and I for one, would like a piece of the action!
This place closed its doors for business
While the food and service were good, the prices  were clearly 50% more than the food and atmosphere were worth.  You are obviously paying a huge premium for the name.  So if you like good food and trendy places and don't mind paying exorbitant prices for it, this is your place.
I had the Tofu salad very good loved the dressing & the Katsu-Don.\n\nI would go back very friendly & good service.
I'm an out-of-towner, but when I'm in Squirrel Hill, I always make sure to stop here for a egg sandwich and a few bagels to go. The super cinnamon and the whole wheat are particularly lovely.
You can't go wrong with a refreshing Jamba on a hot AZ day! Like others said, it's always better to come when you have a bogo coupon but every so often it's worth going without a coupon! I always add the boosters to it. The wheat grass is not worth trying..
I usually don't eat Japan cuisine but the food was exquisitely delicious the 4 stars would have been five if the guy that worked there kissed me but it didn't work .-.
The fondue was a good portion for the price and really good, although some things look a bit expensive for what they're offering other things look like unique offerings. I personally would not spend ten bucks on drinking chocolate. The service was a mix of competence and incompetence depending on the employee.
Great prices!\nThe one downside was, the guy at the counter was RUDE!!! Acted like he hated his job and everyone coming in and out..\n\nAs if I needed more stress during this moving process...
Very good food, freshly made.  Been to 3 of their restaurants and have never been disappointed.  Love the atmosphere inside and the outside patio seating is very comfortable. Highly recommended.  Prices are easy on the wallet.
Friendly, honest service - hard to find anywhere servicing a car is involved. Have bought tires for two of my cars here this year and very satisfied with the price, service and overall experience. Mark you calendar for one year to get you free rotation and inspection.
Worst breakfast ever!\nwent over Monday morning for a breakfast with some friends. Over priced omlets/salads, took the food about 45 min. to come out, and tasted like airplane food... the best part of my breakfast was the toasted bread!
The Clubhouse has a lap pool and a beach pool. The scenery is really pretty with the waterfalls and greenery surrounding and makes a nice setting for a private party or wedding. The staff is nice, but not always helpful.
what happened to the Caesar's Palace Poker room reviews?  that's what my review was for. now it's just for the hotel itself. \n\noh well. still a fan.
overall food wasnt half bad, my major issue was so -called hostess chasing our car down the street because we had the nerve to use gift certificate to pay for our order, never have i been treated so poorly ,my only advice if you decide to go is bring cash and lots of it
Checked on our call in order when we got in line, paid and waited. Once we noticed people that ordered after us getting their food we asked again about our call in order. .... Well it had been sitting that the whole time...and its cold..
Great food, the service on the other hand is pretty bad and it's not very busy in here.. Also my bf had a hair in his food.
We love this park!  Best in town.  So much family fun.  Splash pad, climbing, unique playground, grassy areas for picnics, lake.  I love the walk ways.  It has a Chicago, Lake Michigan feel.  Great date night place to walk around, people watch.
I play a lot of different games at this location. It feels like my \"home casino,\" In that I mean. I'm constantly there watching a movie, dinning, or gambling anywhere from Black Jack to the Sports Book. It's great up there!! Very nice location and everything is new and prestige!
Came here for a mani and pedi... Waiting in the spa chair for 45 minutes and I walked out! Very low staffed... Run down! Stay away!
This is a cute bar that is filled with artwork. Its very tiny and contains chairs in small groups of seating areas. It really isnt set up for a lot of people or groups of people of more than 4. They have great selection of beer on tap. I need to stop in again and try the wine.
Food was great but the service was very bad. We requested to be moved to a better seat since there were a lot of seats available. We were told that they were in a wait which after 45 mins the seats remained vacant. Manager was very arrogant and rude.
This is an unusual and innovative restaurant. Their drinks are literally \"out of this world.\" The food is solid and competent. The staff is helpful and friendly. Those of you who love a blend of vastly different food will love this venue.
One of the best sandwich joints in Vegas.  Friendly, efficient staff serving great food with regular offers and bonues via foursquare.  Make sure to check-in before ordering.\nI highly recommend the Trucker, but only if youre hungry.\nP.S. The fries are better than the chips!
Can't say much more that what has already been said. Good service great food well executed.
Ambiance good. Service was good. Location is close to shops and boutiques. Food was ok. Bland omelette, grits. Pancakes were great! Sundays brunch mimosas are 4$!!!!
The cupcakes are OKAY, but nothing memorable or different.  I have been a few times and tried almost all of them, none stood out.
Randy, Mary Beth, and Jonas are STELLAR.
Ok sandwich but the portions are small and it's overpriced. I won't be back.
Very poor service. Also with the Manager. Not a fan of this Petco location. They need to change the atmosphere inside. Very unfriendly and so negative on things.
4 stars because I LOVE Jersey Mike's subs. The girls working behind the counter were so-so when it came to customer service. Again, delicious subs! So much better than Jimmy John's and Which Wich (in my opinion)!
Can you go lower?  We knew what we wanted and even then couldn't find anyone that WOULD help us. Finally found a manager and he was no better help than the clerks. He didn't seem to care rather we walked out or not. Home Depot, we are on the way.
My order was messed up.
Love the mason jar margaritas....yum
This place is horrible, book somewhere else! Customer service here is non Existent! From dirty rooms to rude front desk manager, my stay here was dreadful!
When we first began coming to this restaurant, we enjoyed all of our food. However, the last time that we went our soups were not what they used to be. The salad's are still good though. One thing that hasn't changed is the good customer service. Our sever's always helpful and genuine.
I'm thinking that they've been hiring the \"D Team\" from all the other strip clubs lately. This place fell off! I think the only one I want to see naked is Tina the cocktail waitress.....This place needs some new blood managing it.
ehhhh.  Compared to their cousin, \"Charlie's Down Under\", this place stinks!  The food quality and quantity is skimpy and cheap.  My BLT literally consisted of two pieces of microwaved bacon and I had about a dozen loosely gathered fries on my plate.  Last time going there.
Friendly staff and quick service but, unfortunately they couldn't make up for the unappetizing dining room and BLAND food.  I'll  be shopping around for another Chinese place.
This is the best pizza around!  I am pretty picky about pizza... You can not go wrong. I especially love their meatballs as a topping. So so tasty! For pizza lovers, it's a MUST try.
Been here twice now. The first I ordered the tri-tip wrap and it was delicious! The second time I ordered the shrimp protein bowl, did not like it.. ended up throwing it out actually. The fresh juices are yummy. Would I dine here again? Probably not.
Service sucks ,great food, wish manue in English, will come back just coz if the food , wait time about 45 min .
Taste like your ex gf...yummy!! Teriyaki Steak app is bomb too!! Been craving this all week..can't wait.
In a word: delicious. My husband and I visited for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. We had Jerrod as our server, and he was really personable. We both ordered burgers, which were super good. Onion rings are perfection.
The service can be slow, and the food is slightly overpriced for what it is.  That being said, I eat here quite often because in my opinion the food is actually very good.  It is the best Vietnamese I have had in Henderson.
We went to Weary after a 5-month hiatus due to horrible experience last fall. It was time for redemption! However, this trip, we also watched others served before us and were delivered lukewarm food again. We're sad, but we won't be back.
This place is pretty damn good. The egg rolls and crab puff was amazing. I wasn't sure if this place was any good but we decided to try it out anyway and I'm glad that we did! We will definitely be ordering from here again!
My new spot for Poutine in Montreal. I used to try places in old Montreal and didn't realize how much better this place is than the others. I tried the house special. Excellent portions and very well made. Great service too!
Had a great time with the family over the 4th! We had thunder n lighting.....rain last night, after the fireworks shows. It was like taking a shower, as it's been well over 109 here. Time to hit the road....back to the coast of California.
I don't get the 7am opening time? Why not earlier?
Great second hand furniture and housewares. The clothes are amazing too I just wish they had more of them. The lady working was so very kind and knew a lot about the local stuff going on. If you are looking for a good find for reasonable prices definitely come to this place.
Great place if you want \"All you can eat Korean BBQ\". Huge parking lot, fast seating, good atmosphere, great service and food. You will not be disapointed with this restaurant. All you can eat is until 10:00pm
Yum! Ahi Poke Salad and Tuna Tataki Roll!
Really closing the pool for a wedding? Really charging $10/ day for Internet? Really that many remotes for the TV? Parking not great but the rest is pretty nice.
I really enjoyed my food here. the food and the service were really great.
Had the brownie batter and brownie bites- had a really odd aftertaste.  Not a fan.
Great coffee and great food.  I didn't have great expectations, considering the aesthetics; however, I was more than pleasantly surprised.  I'm a coffee and food snob and both were great.  I will definitely visit again and again.  Thanks for providing great food and beverage and service.  Kudos to the owners and service staff.
The go to spot for a nice frozen treat to combat the warm Vegas sun. \n\nIt's tourist prices.. but what isn't on the strip?\n\nAnd a big plus is they will fill any cup for a comparable price.
They need so much help with their security system in the Bowling Alley.  We had some things stolen.  ....they also need to get that Friday's out of there.  Baaaad service.  Baaad
Cool place to go if you need party supplies or if you're in need of a costume.  They have a very wide selection!  Check store hours before heading over though, I went one time to find out they were closed (Owners were out of town I think) when they would normally be open.
Terrible terrible food, well our adventure started when our waitress brought out the coconut shrimp, terrible taste felt rubbery. Then my father asked for a well done prime rib came out medium rare. The waitress seeing disgust on our face offers to have it recooked. Wow what a waste of time and service stay away!
I made an appointment and had to reschedule a few times, the salon was flexible. I showed up at my schedule time. After waiting about 20 minutes, I got up and told them I would come back another time. That's when they attended to me and gave me my hair cut.
Good food. Too pricey for a college town. They serve halal chicken if you wish though which is great!
This location is more aptly named Slowbucks. It's also two completely different stores in the morning and evening. I'm used to fast serivce in the AM, and relaxed service in the PM. This store has it backwards. Lucky for them I don't do snapshots.
Ok, so we found this for a SupeR cheap trip.  It's across the street from the MGM, next to Hooters, so even close enough to walk everywhere.\n\nWho stays in the room while in Vegas anyways?
Not so great, I feel their food taste and quality of meat is not up to the mark. Most of the time the chicken is like old and fried long hours back so it used be very dry and hard. And fried rice was very oily and with frozen veggies :(. Egg rolls were like once I get from frozen packs.
New ownership doesn't get it .
Excellent food.  A bit on the expensive side but a nice break from the usual steakhouse routine.
Horrible!!! My daughter received a splinter from the wooden chair. The wings were freezer burned and undercooked. By the rudest staff on the planet. Dank dark and distgusting.
Great selection of food there is something for everyone.  Really different dishes perfect place to try a taste.  Good value for the money.  Will return again
Decent rooms and you don't even have to walk outside for shopping! Nice big pool, and Tao isn't bad so long as it isn't packed. Can't beat great shopping in your hotel!
I agree with everyone else! I am always a little iffy when I go to someone new to get my eyebrows waxed and tinted because I am a strawberry blonde. It is hard for people to not make my eyebrows too dark but Laura did a great job. Her eyelash tinting was also great.
Have been going to this place/location for YEARS!! Needless to say, I wont be back to this establishment ever again, after I discovered a CLUMP of hair (view in photos at own risk) in my pulled pork. Highly disappointed.
It would be a great USO if it was open 24 hours a day.  8 AM -8 PM is civilian hours.
I had the chicken pita and was very pleased.  Clean friendly and comfortable atmosphere lead to an enjoyable dinner.  I recommend crazy pita to anyone that wants a quick bite to eat for cheap.  \n\nOne more thing... try the Casablanca lager.
Good for nearby Thai.  Can't compare to Thai Taste (the original one on East is by far the best!). The steamed basil rolls are delicious and the chicken in red curry sauce suffices.\n\nThe service is good, prices are a bit high.
Two stars just because the chips and salsa are good. But everything else was horrific. It tasted like frozen crap, covered with velveeta cheese. Rice has no flavor and the refried beans were oddly crusty. We will never go back.
This place truly exceed your expectations.  Dont judge the food from the outside! The food is so good and worth every penny you spend! Just try it! You wont regret this decision!
Love the soup, the atmosphere, and the Thai tea.
I guess I wasn't drunk enough food was horrible and service was fkn embarrassing it took so long just place the order and of course when we got it it was all wrong !!! Fuck this place
The nachos do look amazing but their burgers suck.  Not $15 worth.  You can get a better burger at Dennys.  The atmosphere is fun especially if drinking.  Would come back to try the nachos but not anything else.
This lounge is elegant  and beautiful. I felt like I was in an episode of CSI without the mayhem.  Great music, dancing, and open bar for $20. Lil girl....you ain't in Kansas any more! This is the new Vegas, elegant and food forward.
Coffee is horrible. ....it all depends on who is making the coffee but most of the time it's bad. Their customer service its great. But you can tell that they are trying too hard to be nice.
Okay store, they don't offer double coupons, only at face value.  Only come here for eggs and milks.  Surprise that they are still in business!
Wonderful atmosphere, but food is nothing special!
Used to be great place. Food is horrible now. Doesn't feel fresh and soup had a smell. Chicken and beef cold inside and all saggy.
Not a fan.  I'll order Domino's next time.
4 stars because South Point will always be one of my favorite hotels. I was disappointed that some of the  Wizard of Oz slot machines were replaced by new ones so I didn't gamble much. Zenshin was awesome. Big Oyster Bar lobster grilled cheese sandwich  was blah. Will always come back.
I've been here a couple more times. The food is good with many tasteful selection, and the service always brings your meal to you and keep the place organized. They have partition rooms for customers and that serves a special purpose of having business discussions.
Great service great coffee
Had to go in again today because I burned out a coil.  Didn't know that at the time but I talked to Kevin and he helped me out. These guys are great.
I really like this place.  The service is excellent.  We had a delay and the waiter was incredible.  The food is very good, not great but very good.  You patio is always good because you get to people watch and the Bellagio water show.  You should definitely go with the steaks but the ladies liked the fish a lot too.
Have passed by this place do often but trying to park and go in is a nightmare!  Were lucky to find space and had a wonderful glass of red wine - was able to watch chefs cooking soft shell crabs right there in the wine bar.  Loved the laid back atmosphere and the wine staff is extremely knowledgeable - great place to chill
Great service by an attentive staff. Selection seemed a bit thin since last time I was here although a great alternative to the high priced casino options.
Had the chicken Philly for lunch today. It was great!!  I got to sample a jerk rice bowl which was spicy and very flavorful. Will definitely be back to try other menu items when I get the chance.  Very friendly staff, they want to make sure everyone has a positive experience and leaves happy.
Great customer service today!
holy crap please dont' come here unless you know you have 2-3 hours to spend for dinner. the food was okay this time but seriously? an hour and a half wait just for some scrambled eggs?\nseriously- eat before you come here to eat.
If I could give them negative starts i would. Worst customer service I have ever experienced.
Showed up at 7:45 and they are closed when the sign on the door says open till 9pm. Waste of a drive and gas! Thanks for nothing.
The food is ok. Not bad for a buffet. The staff is pretty unfriendly. I felt like I don't belong here. \nDefinitely not coming back.
This place is horrible. Not only was I promised front line access but free drinks until 1am. They did not live up to any of it. I understand some things are out of peoples control but even the service was horrible. I am spending $15 a drink and they can't even say a thank you.
We eat at the Nil Bleu every time we are in Montreal. We've always had a good, reasonably priced meal. The food is much better than some of the Ethiopian restaurants in our local area. We've introduced several people to the restaurant and all have been pleased.
Stay away, food was really terrible!  Had ribs and fries based on waiter recommendation, ribs were actually cold, fries were cold...ribs were dry and tasteless.  Worst meal out in years, shame on you, Logan!
Love this smoke shop! Great selection and the shop has a cool layout and vibe to it. They carry everything you need
Best taco I've ever had in my life.  PERIOD.  The price is so far below the astronomical prices of the Strip it isn't even funny.  Authentic, friendly and excellent food quality make this place the best and one of the cheapest meals I've ever had in Las Vegas.  Bravo!
Some of my favorite Thai on campus!\nReally relaxed thai beachy feel on campus, and really great service.\n\nThe food has ways been great - the panang curry and pad thai are two of my favorites, huge portions too.
Great service! Food was fresh and tasty!  Loved the potato pancakes, and fresh oj!
Kind of expensive for a quick treat! The different smoothies are almost too good to resist thought! One of my favorites is the pink starburst! If you haven't tried them, you should stop in for a quick treat! They are friendly at this location too!
They have one of my all time favorite \"cheat\" meals, chicken and waffles. But today the food was cold so I sent it back and the replacement plate was cold too. Made me wonder if they are keeping a bunch of plates lines up waiting for orders. I do like the menu variety and beer choices.
Salon X and Christian are amazing.  Christian is a certified professional in coloring hair.  One of only a few in the Valley.  Christian has always listened to what I what to do with my hair, and never has there been any surprises!  It took me 33 years to find a Stylist, and I can honestly say that it was worth the wait..
Bad service... Bad food... Enough said
A Vegas staple A MUST you have 2 come here 4 Breakfast come early if possible b/c their will be a wait!
Fun bar, off the beaten path.  Small, but trendy dive bar (if there is such a thing).  Very good value and selection.  My place to go when I'm back 'home' in Pittsburgh.
Ballast point on tap. Great food and knowleable servers.
Fun, but bar closes at 1am
Best barbeque around, great atmosphere and excellent service. Could use better drink specials but the food makes up for it.
Beaver Choice is Tempe's best hidden gem, I would eat there every day if I could.
great spot for a quick casual bite to eat in between being poolside and shopping! their portions are quite large so be mindful.  i ordered the buffalo chicken rolls as my appy -- MIND BLOWN! paired with the blue cheese dressing.. it's phenomenal.. definitely worth a visit!
Salon is hit or miss depending on who does your nails.  Last time that I went one nail wasn't even completely polished and the ends had not been filed smooth.  They are cheap but you get what you pay for.
Went here for late night hunger pangs but was disappointed with the quality for the price. Wasn't worth feeling crappy later
For being my first time and a local, I liked the outside patio, as for inside the dance floor gets cramped. A 20 minute wait for the bathroom even when you buy $550 bottle device of Sky vodka that is ridiculous. I was not too impressed with the service and wouldn't recommend it. For that price go elsewhere.
I wish we would have stayed here both nights. We arrived and stayed here our first night... in attempts to stay closer to the strip we went to the Elara but both my hubby and I agree, we would've preferred this place for a 2nd night. It's right next to the tram and easy access to the Strip!
DELICIOIUS!\n\nAnd they even have chopped fresh wasabi.   \n\nI got a roll and a bunch of nigiri, and everything was awesome.\n\nLoves it.
Food was decent ordered gollo burro.  Sat in bar as I travel often for work.  Was dark dirty and took ten minutes for someone to ask if I wanted a drink.  Will not visit this place again
Very nice and quick service, I noticed Veronica in-particularly was able to multitask very well, thank you for the quick in and out (to go) service
Pizza is good, wings not the best. Staff fine. Basically a take out place. One very small table inside. Prices are good.
Great Italian food.  Been here 3x. Suggestions by wait staff have been perfect.  Nice dark atmosphere. Great for a dinner date.  Ambience is superb. Has never been crowded any time I have been here
OK the Dogs are good. And I remember the Pizza Puffs growing up on the South Side. (Chi Town Peeps know what I'm talking about) I gave it 2 stars because of the Italian Beef Sandwich. IT NEEDS WORK!. That's what I came for.
I found Dr. Bobbie a year ago, and she is great!  I love her demeanor and that you can text to schedule appointments.  I don't want to go anywhere else ever again!
fun place for breakfast and breakfast in the afternoon. \nthey provide delicious hot sauces to go along with the meal.\n\ngreat options if you are a good Phoenician and like mexican fusion egg breakfast dishes.\n\ngreat coffee and good mints on the way out the door.
Place is terrible
Food was Great! The best Gyro sandwich I have had since Chicago, IL. Fast, hot and fresh. The staff is friendly and the short younger female that works there is sexy with a beautiful smile. Does it get any better than a sexy female and a great Gyro?
This club is pretty sweet. Hott girls good music and decent bartenders. They have a lot of celebrity appearances. Not the biggest   Club but still pretty good.
good food, loved the breakfast selection
Very nice little joint. Nice atmosphere, great tapas but needs a bit more greenery in the menu to add a bit of variety to proceedings. Definitely worth a visit though if you need a Spanish fix.
shattered screen - but no shattered dreams. This place rocks. They replaced my 4s screen quickly, and it looks and works great. And...a great selection of cases to keep it safe. I highly recommend if you're in need of iPhone repair (or a case).
Ordered the magnum 44 with an extra shot. The bartender was super generous when pouring the extra shot. Tasty drink, and friendly bartenders. What more could you ask for? Bottoms up!
Came here shortly before the blackout stage, got some food and a few drinks.  Forgot my credit card due to said blackout, and the bartender helped himself to a giant tip.  Didn't get a receipt when I went back for my card early the next morning.  Gotta love Vegas.
The staff rocks (and they tell me the food is good, too).  Forget your plans; you could wind up staying here all night.
The food was great, service was a 5/10, but I had a wonderful time!   Most everything was fresh and came out quickly, although I will admit that there were a few mistakes with our entrees.  We didn't say anything, though.  Will I be back?  If I'm in the area, I may try it again!
A must see show for rock and roll lovers. Quality and vibe. Great to get to see these stars on stage on a very close and lively musical proposal. Great music selection
Love Lady Silvia... \nKoolest place to grabs drinks with friends!!' the Goldie is a personal favorite!!!
The food is great and the drinks are reasonable during Happy Hour only. Happy Hour lasts until 7 here - which is nice. They have half off appetizers and drinks and that makes up for everything being so over priced any other time. \nGreat atmosphere for a date.
Great mussels, drinks, and atmosphere. Definitely will need reservations, but the burgers and steaks are worth it.
I had an appointment with them for Thursday and that's after I wait for two days for this appointment \nThe appointment was between 1-5 they never show up and when I call them they told me they going to call me before they come \nNobody call me or show up I lost a whole day of work and nothing been done
Good experience. The Goat Roti was yummy, drinks good and service is self serve. Prices are cheap, plus you can eat there or take out. Lady behind the counter seemed passionate about her food. I will come here time to time.
Great place to get a massage!
Server named Deborah was awful. Ruined our meal with her poor service. Food was decent, drinks were pretty good. But will not return.
Great service and environment. Brazilian & sushi can't go wrong. Order 3-4 items and share
Don't get scared of the line! It's so worth it! The hot links are fantastic, and the green beans are done so well even a veggie hater will eat them.
Well . Food was ok . But service was non existent, communication was weird even tho I speak French and English , They had no interest in serving people . Some places are friendly and some aren't ! \nThis one is not.
Staff is quick to judge patrons and unfriendly when confronted about situations
Quick, good, tasty, affordible. Lovr the cofre selection.
I usually don't ever complain but this place is seriously slow I didn't get my food for over an hour and it honestly wasn't that good. I bet they have some good stuff but the eggs florentine tastes like water and the wait was just not worth it.
I really like this place. It couldn't be any more central. It's modern, but very comfortable. The food is great value, and the portions are huge. Oh, it sells draught Peroni too - pricey, but a fine beer!
Prices are fair but 45 minutes to wash and vac my car? That's a little much. Undecided if I'll be a returning customer.
I don't want to say it sucks but food was ehh.. my family didn't like it. The service was excellent but the cost of the food was on a pricer side for what you get. I rate Macaroni Grill higher than this place.
There was cigarette smoke coming out of the ventilation system in my non-smoking room the entire stay.  Gross!  Don't stay here.
It's like any typical mall back home. The only thing different is TopShop and Capital Grille....I never thought I'd see that in a mall. Haha.
Pretty decent beer selection and the kitchen is open late.
Beer took 20 minutes to get to our table. Fly in my water. Half of food came late. Service not worth the price but food is good.
Nice breakfast! Pancakes are like no other... Not too much by way of lunch or dinner to brag about, but the breakfast is great! It's a local favorite and keeps the kids busy with all the bears in the place!
EVERYONE's very friendly but the mechanics are all over the board.  A couple seem to be good but others shouldn't be working on bikes unsupervised.  Their pricing is also erratic - some things fairly priced others well over MSRP.  I wouldn't return, so I can't recommend this shop.
Beware they don't fix things and there quote prices change so you will most likely pay double.
Food was marginal. I had a chicken taco plate and burrito that was flavorful and could have been worth the very long wait if their wasn't better available nearby. Nothing special here folks. Glad we didnt move to Ahwatukee for the food.
Pretty good. Orange peel chicken and combination chow mein. I'm happy the meats are fresh tasting unlike like most Chinese places
Great shisha, reallly small and busy place. Friendly Arabic environment\n\nThe street is totally under construction, so you its a maze to get to the front door
Sales = 5 Stars.  Service = 1 Star. Result = 3 Stars.
Drinks and appetizers are good. But if you like raw chicken for dinner then your crazy.
Good enough Chinese.  Not my favorite.
I bought some cupcakes here for Valentine's Day and they were absolutely delicious!  The shop was very cute, too.
Wonderful food and great service---we get take out about once a week and sit by the pool to devour each menu item, sampling each others choices.  Very convenient location, lots of items to pick from.
The staff is super friendly but the prices are RIDICULOUS! I was thinking; \"this crap didn't cost this much when it was new!!\"
They may have some good clothing options but the people that work her are NOT friendly.  Regardless if you are the owner or work there... I came into your store to spend money... be nice is all I ask.  Because of my handful of bad experiences with the staff.  I will not return.
Good service, but you got to pay extra if you want to take little details, also you have to instruct them if you want you car well dry
As far as the staff goes it is 5 star, BUT, since when does it take a C note for 2 people to go to the movies and get something to eat. I didn't even spend as much at SMG and that was a full dinner with dessert. H theaters @ 101 is a notable step up and at a more affordable price.
If you're thinking about eating here my suggestion is not to. Not terrible but not good either. Don't order a Long Island.
My favorite Mexican place in the valley.  I have had 10 different dishes here and love them all.  To start-the salsa is amazing and unique.  Some of my fav dishes include carne anovada, shrimp cocktail relleno, chipotle pasta, meatloaf and their fab posole.
Went to BJ s for lunch with fairly large work group.   They were on time with all the food despite over a dozen of us.   Food was better them I expected although typical pizza and pub stuff.  They got us on and out quickly and service was prompt at all times
Great place to stay. Rooms are very clean and affordable. Middle of the strip is a great location.
Loud, dark and expensive.  Enjoyed my snakebite (a pear ale and lager mix).  My husband's beer was flat.
Happened to be down on mill with company from back east. The reviews on yelp were right on. Good service with food that was very good and great flavor. We will be back.  \nChop salad was one of the best we have had in a while
Very incompetent. Would not recommend to any friend or family member.
My coworker and I got to this place all the time for lunch. They make our food super fast and our food is always delicious
The food is amazing. I have never hade a macaroon that was so yummy. The breakfast is the best part. I would say that the cost for the portions you get is a bit high but the quality is there.
Simply put: It is a touristy must-do.
Gelato quite good, but capogiro in Philly wins for me.
Worst food, and worst service.  Will never go back to Red Robin.  Do not waste your time and money.  It is horrible.
This was a horrible show from start to finish.  You could tell he just did not want to be there.  Between the eye rolling, the sighs, the stupid videos and the fact that his helpers had to ask us to clap for him, I would say you should sit this one out.
Poor selection of beers compared to nearby places.  Ordered fish and chips.  $26 for a big pile of fries and 2 small pieces of fish. Won't be back.
This review is not for the dealership per se, it is much more for Jon Rohloff who was exceptionally patient and honest throughout the sale process and spent many hours evaluating options, test driving and closing the deal. His honesty is commendable and he and Carlos were both a pleasure to work with.
I love the atmosphere and the food was great, you get to sing and dance there if you aren't shy.
Great Pizza! Nice light dough, great tasting sauce, premium cheeses used. Very friendly owner. Just like New York!
You don't need to go to a fancy casino restaurant on the strip for 5 star dining. This place exceeded my expectations. Classy, professional, caring, over the top service. Excellent.
Mark the owner of the UPS store is a great character who I feel who takes care of his customer. Anything I need he always finds a way to take care of me. Highly recommended.
Best little Italian Deli in Spring Valley, maybe even Vegas! Try the Spumoni Bomba or Grandmother Cake!  Chicken Parm and pasta was also delish!
Pretty decent, but I feel like there's better out there!
I love this guy! He's old school and a very competent Dr.!
Wish I could put negative 50 stars ,this place is horrible . They never have carts available as they are always locked a hard to get a key for ,staff is very rude and not helpful whatsoever...\n\nFind another place they are too expensive and inconvenient in every way possible when storing your personal belongings
Been eating there occasionally over 4 years.  No more.  Several recent visits with poor food and reluctant service.  Soggy salads, fries; overcooked dry fish, burgers.  Cottage cheese is a winner!  It's all about beer and liquor, not food.
The food may be good, but the service is terrible.  It took two hours to get our food and got only excuses. We paid before we got our food and then waited another half-hour for it.  The management needs to get their proverbial together.
Good Mexican food with family with my auntie, cousin, and future cousin-in-law. Cheese Enchiladas, Chile Rellenos, Carne Asada, and burritos. Margarita was decent. Salsa needed a good kick so we had to request extra Jalape\u00f1os.
This is one of the few places in the valley to get BOBA shakes.  For this alone i give them 5 stars.
If you enjoy great Southern cuisine ,this will be the place for you! the food is amazing...the service is perfect...and the ambience is excellent! I enjoyed the beef short ribs...and a wonderful arugula salad with feta..SO fresh!
This Sprouts isn't as nice as the one by my house but it's still okay.  Great selection of produce and affordable prices.
Food is ok. Nice relaxed atmosphere.
Read the reviews of Elite on Yelp and decided to use them for carpet and furniture cleaning. Justin was here on time and did a GREAT job. The work he did was efficient and left no residues at all. I would absolutely reccommed him and I will be calling him in the future when stuff needs cleaning.
Awesome mall. A little on the ghetto side but we'll just call it \"culture.\" This mall has everything.  Just don't come on the weekends, it is so crowded and it will frustrate even the most patient person.
Huge portion for a small!  Definitely will be back and try the pumpkin spice!  Mango is my favorite!
Didnt make it to breakfast. Had pesto chicken sandwich. Had high expectations, the garden was nice. I honestly didnt see what everyone else was talking about. Maybe I was just having an off day. Although, I think over priced, I will return. Cupcakes were hypnotizing!
i have to admit that i was surprised that the food wasn't as bad as the movie. generally, it goes it against my principles to eat a chain restaurant named after a movie, but when i'm forced to go with friends, its not so bad.
Awesome service and one of the best pizzas I have ever tried! Place also has a really good vibe to it, I got pizza to go this time but I really look forward to coming here with some friends for a pizza and a couple beers. I will be back!
Really good hummus and creative burgers. This would be a great happy hour spot for hummus and drinks!
The pharmacy guys were great. You can use the drive thru or stop on in. I noticed they had a phone ahead service also which I guess all the walgreens have.\n\nNot much more to say about a Walgreen's.
We visited Verona Chophouse on Valentines Day. The food was good. That was all that was good. That is all.
Nice place! Didn't have what I wanted but would go back!
BED BUGS...BEWARE. Infested and never reported.
ProTech is a horrible company.  Their customer service is the worst I've run into in a long time. They decided today that yelling at me and then transferring me to a tech is acceptable behavior for a business to have.  I would not recommend them to anyone.
Thank you Anthony for the great customer service!!! First time here with friends and brother and we loved it! Definitely coming back!
Food was very mediocre and relatively overpriced, and there's a plate-splitting charge. The mango margarita I ordered was strong but not very good. They also sat us by the door leading outside, so every time the waiters came in and out we were struck by a blast of freezing air.
We just had the ice cream and it was great - recommended for a treat.  I think there are about 10 flavors on the menu and lots of toppings.
It's an ok sports bar. The placement of some of the tv's is bizarre. Beer prices are fair, and they have a pretty average bloody mary if you show up early for football games. Don't think I'll go back. There's better options in the area.
Love Pizza Monday 1/2 on any pizza ...... Pizza is good \nI have try the wings. But There on my list for Pizza Mondays\nBusy place Order early...
Stopped in for half price apps, the pot stickers and and skewered bbq chicken.  Was pleased with the value and would stop back in.  Little to no atmosphere.  Would have to try again to recommend.
Awesome sushi and extremely friendly staff!  I recommend sitting at the sushi bar! Being someone from out of town I felt very welcomed.
I had to get a really small adustment done on my watch and the lady at the counter took my watch and did it on the spot in a back room. The whole process was five minutes at the most! The price was so cheap it might as well been free.
One of my favorite places to eat in this area of town. food is great people are nice.  I seem to like the Spartan club most and like going with someone so I have room for a few Greek fries. :)
Great range kinda hidden so definitely use the directions.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.   They had a choice of either factory or loaded ammo.  Prices are fair they also give military discount for the lane.  I will definitely return here.
Wish it had a drive thru, but otherwise a nice location. Inside there is a lot of room and plenty of tables to sit and hang out. There are power outlets if you look, so you can also charge the computer, etc., while having coffee.
Great location by my gym. Constantly full of customers. Very efficient staff. Have never had a bad cup of coffee here.
it was ok beer was not that great tasting you can't even buy a small glass of beer without buying a flight. very getto area
Love this salon. Very clean and all of the stylist are very talented. If you are looking for someone new ask for Hannah, she is also the best at extensions. Great local business to support. Very convenient location no matter where you are located in the valley
Out of the 100+ fine dining tasting experiences I've had this ranks at the bottom. Four of us had the chefs signature menu and we were all disappointed. The food was bland or salty. Lacked imagination. The server was rude and made me feel stupid because I didn't know anything about absinthe.
I don't really have much to say about this place.  It is a good upper level cafe, with a more expensive menu.   Would I eat here again?  If I was staying at the Encore and needed a bite to eat that wasn't fast food, i'd definitely eat here!!!!!
The first time I went here I thought it was amazing. The second time not so much, it could be due to the fact that my mom was vomiting in her napkin(alcoholic) and it just killed it. It just didn't seem to deliver like i remembered. Not sure I'll be back.
Dive bar west of the STRIP. Great bartenders. Fills up for Buffalo sports events. Naked City Pizza is the food provider. Great pizza. The beer is good, and reasonably priced.
Of the three Red Robin locations nearby, this one is probably the least clean, and the least consistent as far as service goes.  It is the closest to home though, but we often opt for Tempe Market Place or the Red Robin out at Chandler Fashion Mall.
I came here at around midnight and the food was not bad. The decor was as expected and the place was spacious. Question is, where was the service? Other than that, burger was decent but the sampler was gross.
Really pretty good coffee and the choices of pancakes was silly. Great family brunch today.  The single nutella crepe was awesome.
Went here on a comp for breakfast - Food was poor quality, looked like about half of the stations were shut down. Not a great selection. Very disappointed.
Excellent food!! I had the salmon and it was perfect.  I can tell why Bobby Flay is famous. I will be back for more on my next trip to Vegas.
Charged us $75 for water. I guess we have to ask for tap water? Do they offer tap water? This place is ridiculous. I guess I'm not a French restaurant kinda girl.
Really great coffee, and breakfast sandwich.  Their salads are ok.  Great soups!\n\nThey are always really busy at lunchtime but the line moves quickly.
I enjoy hanging with my friends here, for dinner or a drink, very nice staff and I also enjoy the atmosphere.
Love it! Chicken strips and fries... strips are juicy and cooked perfectly. Their sauce is good mixed with hot sauce. Fast service.
Simply will not be back! We will stick with Best Wok! Worst beef and broccoli ever. I'm still hugging the toilet
If you want the entire Tom Ford experience go see Nick - he's knowledgeable, professional and very accommodating. This is truly a great luxury shopping experience. Highly recommended.
Pretty good place, Great menu... I like how they do a stamp card..  Ill take it over Starbucks!!! Always a friendly staff.
1st time I went it was a Sunday & they were CLOSED!\nBut we went again & my husband had a coupon. \nGIANT burriots & very good meats!
Really don't know why I come here.  Rude and unfriendly service every time, especially the older short heavy lady.  This place needs to go out of business to make room for a better joint.
Good food.  Liked both of the salsas.  The taco was crisp and fresh.  A good simple taco.  Tamale was flavorful and the staff was friendly.
Got our car checked out cause there was steam coming out of the hood. The service department checked it out and thankfully there was nothing wrong. They are really helpful and get the job done. Wouldn't go to any other dealership.
Good food, good location.  For the people that are complaining about the free chips being stale, its kinda hard to find a place where the free chips aren't stale.  Service has something to be desired.
Good Gelato along with pizza, salads and sandwiches. Expresso & coffee too.
Had a long layover flying into Phoenix. Server was great with kids and the food had some flavor. Only critique is the menu is a-little complicated to read through. Also, they do not serve chips and salsa
An AZ original 2Hippies! The best people, the best price, the best Burgers!
Killer pizza!  If you are from the East Coast than it should be mandatory for you to eat here once a week!\n\nOutstanding garlic knots!
NO STARS!!!! But one was the lowest here. Horrible service, waited over 30 mins for a shuttle that never arrived. Over 25 people waiting in line, we took a taxi instead, no waiting!
Average food for an average price.  Nothing great and even though they do have vegetarian options their food hits me hard after a few hours.  I need to remind myself of this fact before thinking, \"Chipotle is right there, let's get some\".  No.
Pretentious and expensive.  Check your resume at the door and make sure you can afford it!
OMG!  Had the pumpkin waffle w/marshmallow brulee, maple syrup and bacon for brunch today.  Fantastic!  Brunch-n-beats is back, and we enjoyed today's dj.  The patio was full and it was a beautiful day.  CenPho is the best!
Everytime I go here, the produce is wilted and wouldn't last by time I got it home.\n\nOnly good thing here is that they have a good variety of bulk stuff.\n\n\nMeh.
Boiled everything, soggy tostones, arepas bland, Rosatis and My Arepa are sharing kitchen and dining area? Weird.? Overpriced for what it is. \n\nHard to order, awkward, also dry blood sausage
Service at the bar, excelent! with that said unfortunately the food was not.  Stopped in for happy hour and decided to stay for dinner. We had apps. and one entree. The food for sure was sub par. We will not be going back.
April 9th was the day we had this bad experience.  Very long wait to get a table due to lack of staff.  Waiter was very slow and rude! Only thing it had going for it was that it was open late.  Never again will I be dining at this place!
Best lunch deal in madison. Dinner might not be worth the price.
Clean, comfortable, spacious rooms. Quiet with a view of 6 bridges! Friendly, polite and helpful staff too. Look forward to staying here again.
Nobu- all I can say is if you want the best sushi of your life, eat here.
Good food, friendly wait staff, causal atmosphere and great place to meet friends for lunch or dinner for a relaxing meal. If you are looking for an adventure into the best of wine from Arizona, you can get it there.
After walking thru the tour, I was very dissapointed that they didnt have the chocalate for sale that was being made or the sample they gave. The choco shop was a bad immitation of Godiva. Very dissapointing.
I have only tried appetizers and thai tea here but everything I ordered was good. The restaurant has a large dining room and the service is attentive and very friendly.
My first time having Indian food and all I can say is wow! I'm so hooked. I had the Mt Everest sampler so I can try a bit of everything and omg party in my mouth. The service was great. I plan to be a repeat client. I am totally in love.
Always appreciate the kind sweet service they provide but today an employee went above and beyond. Thank you Melanie for being so kind and helping me get a very important gift for my family member. You guys have a customer for life!
I loved this place. It's nothing fancy but is a very clean place with great simple food. Very delicious homey style. good variety of middle eastern food with very fair pricing. Close to strip and airport.
Bad pizza, worst service of any restaurant I have ever been in. If you want to watch the employees watching football this is the place to go
Horrible.\n\nIf your staying at the BlueGreen, get your pizza from the Burger Grind instead.
Iasis has gone downhill the last few years. In the age of squeezing every penny they can out a diminishing return healthcare, you see it the staff treatment, (both received and given), and shape of the hosptial and equipment.
Foot massage was horrible. I told him to do it harder but he didn't. Nice people but not great service. The nail polish chipped the next day.
The only good thing about this place was the service,  lots of quantity but lacks quality,  everything was very bland and the Chicken Marsala was so sweet i thought i was eating sweet n sour chicken at an asian restaurant.  for $20+ a plate i've had much better.
Caesar salad with chicken- no good.\nOrdered blackened wings, got buffalo instead but server insisted they were blackened. \nCarolina dip is excellent
amazing brunch/breakfast...the eggs benedict is the best around. Great Happy hour, good atmosphere, comfy seating, and a patio! If you're going for dinner on a busy night-make a reservation if your party is large!
Hadn't been back to this hotel in a decade.. Pre-remodeling time and boy was I impressed. Rooms were very modernized and clean. Price was super inexpensive at that too. Def would stay again. Stayed on the north tower with a nice view of Fremont Street.
The patty melt and a chocolate malt. My favorite \"cheat day\" (or \"cheap day\") indulgence.
Very convenient and the staff is awesome. If you're a fan of hot dogs they are quite good and there are lots to choose from.
This little charming BYOW had the best food I have ever tasted. I recommended this place to all of my friends who want to impress their first date. Service is great, and it's not that expensive for the quality of the food.
HOLY CRAP THEY GOT A COACH OUTLET.  Finally.  Maybe in another 10 years it will be on par with every other Outlet mall everywhere.  ;)
Went here twice in September '09.  Loved the place.  Live music, great margaritas, awesome atmosphere.  We danced, drank, and had an awesome time.\n\nWe didn't eat, so I'm not giving five stars, but I think the 4 stars are well deserved.
Very friendly people, and the best Viet rest. in Arizona that I know of.  My favorite is duck in egg noodle soup.  That one particular dish is even better than it is in the legendary Pho 79 on Hazard Street in Westminster, CA!
The food is simply amazing. The atmosphere is relaxing, classy and elegant. Worth the trip!
The pollo fundido was very yummy. For this price point it exceeded my expectations.  Although exterior bathroom was inconvenient.
This place is incredible. I went there 4 times in 3 nights. I would recommend it any time of day...open 24 hours...to anyone that doesn't want to drop 75 bucks on dinner.
Everything was excellent.  We went for the happy hour and the value cannot be beat.
What can you say about any Waffle House. They do an excellent job at being what they are trying to be. I always enjoy the food and the service. If you're expecting it to be something it isn't then you'll likely be disappointed. I will go back to this one and enjoy every greasy morsel.
You really can't ever go wrong with Cheesecake Factory  no matter what city you're in.  (Though I've found the one in Northern NJ and in Phoenix is better than Baltimore) Big menu, decent eats, and affordable.
Good service. Great burgers.
Good place for light meal or snacks.
Huge portions , great food and ambiance!!!!
Bikram Yoga is heat yoga in a carpet studio. The studio smells like an old gym sock. I wanted to wear shower shoes just to cross the room. ICK!
DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY\n\nFood took 2.5 hours to arrive. Some was cold. Did not get fries that were listed as coming with the sandwiches. Piece of pie was maybe two bites. Overall a joke. Will not do again.
This is my favorite sushi joint in Vegas.  i CRAVE it when I'm at home in California and make sure to visit at least once when I am in town.\n\nIt's pretty cheap and very fresh.  Service is good.\n\nJapanese lasagna- yum
Service was excellent. Owner even stopped by to check on our table. Food was amazing. This is our new breakfast spot.
Needs an extreme makeover - the place is smoky and not worth a try.
Great service and yummy desserts!  I love Thrifty's ice cream so this brought me back to the good ole days. So many choices! I will definitely be back.
Great service, the wait staff was super nice, but over priced and food was no good. Would prefer McDonald s.
Pretty good pizza and salad   plus if you want some desert Dunkin Donuts is next door :)
I absolutely love Boba Tea House.  I'm from Los Angeles, and have been searching for good boba.  Their boba milk tea is the best I've tasted in Arizona thus far.  \n\nI'm extremely happy with their customer service.  Vincent, the owner, everyone there is very pleasant.  I highly recommend!
The food was excellent. I tried the cranberry mojito and it was so good.
Good price.  Not so good service.  Enough said.
Great pizza but the service's main goal seems to be to get you out of the restaurant as soon as possible. Definitely did not feel welcome.
Such an awesome environment! Cool vibe, great service, awesome happy hour prices and Mikey is the best!!!! :)
good for the desert, but not a big fan of the food. the portions are huge tho
Bought a groupon for 2 at lunch, great value. The food was great,  they had seafood favs and a crepe station. Service was very pleasent. I would recommend as one of the better buffets on the strip
Triple repeated a simple 2 person order. Couldn't handle it. Why cant they make a simple ketchup & lettuce only burger? Theres pickles & onions everywhere!!!! Asked if we wanted ranch, yes please, got none.
Stopped in for lunch so I did not experience a wait. Loved the atmosphere and the staff was really nice and attentive. The food was tasty. I had the pretzel fondue and the Italian chopped salad.
Amazing, delicious and absolutely filling! Worth trying it out!!
Very nice staff. Close location to the strip (driving) very thorough job. Great pricing. Made an appointment and didn't have to wait. Only reason I gave them 4 stars in stead of 5 is because I felt there nail polish selection could have been better and while they were clean I felt the overall salon could have looked cleaner.
Yummy!  Cheeseburgers  are great but messy.   Parking is awful.  But food is very good.  We had excellent customer service.  The other reviews are accurate.
I tried the pad thai with tofu. Very delicious!\nI will be back to try some more off their menu!
Good Sushi in a bar atmosphere. Seemed like a great place to hang out, but it's pretty small. Sushi in AZ? Yeah, and they do a good job, too! check it swim...
First of all they were open on Labor Day!!! Then they were so busy, yet treated each client professionally and with a smile !!!!  Prices reasonable and worth the wait!
Sadly, Jolly Bob's is no more  :(
This food was so amazing!!! My family is always having dinner's here. This is one of my all time favorite restaurants. Even when they're busy, they still find time to serve everyone.
I can see why this was the only restaurant at Red Rocks without a wait. Most bland Italian food I've ever had. You can certainly tell who the VIPs are they get exceptional service if you're not a VIP service is very normal.
Very different pizza.....half carnitas and other half chicken and potato? Sounds strange but very tasty!  Service was ok, not great!
We had my daughter's birthday party here and the staff was excellent.  Plus, the kids loved the meal they had and the price was fair.  Great place!
Loved it! Rush Tower!!! I won't use the valet again, but everything else was stellar.
quite frankly this place is really NOT that good... This place doesnt represent the great quality of filipino food! where in the world do u see bell pepper nd cabbage in Kare-Kare ... but i guess if you are that hungry its okay :))
Place has not been cleaned since 1972. Decore from the same era. Full of drunken slobs. Smells terrible.
My first time eating at a P.F. Chang's so I don't really have anything to compare this location to.  I can say that I did enjoy my meal as well as the atmosphere.  Will return!
Good place to watch the game and munch on finger foods.
This place is AWESOME!!! My first time I ever had a peddi. They made me feel right at home and treated me lik a king. The service was top notch. She painted a perfect Texas Longhorn on my big toe too. I have no idea why I haven't done this sooner.
The Coke store with soda fountains from around the world was pretty cool and a nice clean innocent diversion from the Strip. Didn't realize they had so much merchandise.
My husband and I come here just for the loaded baked potatoes! The place could use a little updating. Service was a bit slow our last visit, but the cashier apologized and gave us free soft drinks.
Meh. It's just a grilled cheese sandwich. Nothing else. I can make the exact same thing at home and not pay $8 for it. Like someone else said, this is just a fad.
Mike's used to be a very good restaurant where the food and service were excellent.  Recently we had pizza, pasta and salad, all of which were just okay. To make matters worse, the server was surly. The prices are just too high for an unpleasant experience.
Decent food, but avoid the grapefruit juice like the plague. Mine had seeds in it. Service isn't the greatest either.
Very good show, it has alot of adult humor in it that most kids wont understand. Very good though.
What more could you ask for? Games, booze, and great music!!!
Tried this place for something different.  Like some other reviews, don't waste tour money.  Very overpriced for what you get.  The service was good..the food, not bad but there are other great options for less.  Most likely great for some drinks and overpriced appetizers.
The food and the service is whatever!
Great place to go for after-work drinks. Varied happy hour menu. Very peaceful and quiet. Nice ambience. Waiter wasn't too attentive at first, but he eventually came around. The Grilled Salmon and Lemon Skewer and glass of Riesling was divine after a long day!
This place would be better if the dj played more than 30 seconds of each song. Watch the crowd dj! Sand bar-get a new dj and you will have better weekend profits!
Went to Rumjungle on Saturday night for a few drinks, but it was CLOSED. Oh well, headed next door to Red Square for those drinks and found our favorite bartender from Rumjungle over there now. He said he didnt know if or when it would reopen or reopen as something new.
Hands down the BEST buffet in Las Vegas.
Beautiful new contemporary hotel. Beds are super comfy. Attached to the aria and the Bellagio. Concierge was very helpful. No casino so don't have to walk through smokey casino :). Only negative was that the pool and hot tub close at 4 pm during the winter hours...lame!
Paid for VIP wash, got very crappy wash. Half a** vacuum job followed by uncleared tires, uneven dash dressing, dust in corners of dash, and couldn't get a manager to respond for 15 minutes. At finishing area was refused a manager. Will not be back here again, ever.
It is ok buffet. We had champagne buffet on christmas day. Not worth it, but some items were edible. Nothing to write home about. Would not eat there again, unless it is a freebie.
A bit pricy.  Above average taste.
The wait on the weekends can be a bit longer, but the crepes are worth it!  I highly recommend the Sunday Morning and the Monkey.
Yummy but overpriced for a chain. I like the cherry pancakes. Their homemade whip cream is really good. I didn't like their ordinary link sausage, latte or corned beef hash. Stick to their specialty, the cakes!
This is definitely a 5 star restaurant, in my opinion, it is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Unfortunately it has been closed! :(\nGood news is the chef is considering a new venue...hopefully soon!!! I really miss BT!
Love Ruby!  I actually remember going to the old location as a kid - and how great it was then.  Same quality and service today.\n\nFUN TIP:  Make sure to check out the water fountain, too.  See if you can get it to work.  Pretty cool.
HORRIBLE SERVICE, good food, cheap prices, but damn management needs to do an overhaul on this place ASAP or it'll end up like Ruth Chris
It operates like a Starbucks is supposed to. The place is dirty though. No one cleans up, and the bathrooms were horrible. I wanted to get the coffee and get the heck outta there.
Just to follow up - Rosie's is a favorite spot for me and my friends.  And again, Samantha rules!!!
Dissappointing to say the least. Pizza crust is good but the add on's are just thrown on to a piece of cheese pizza and called good. Ray's still has the best by the slice! I won't be going back...
Great chain restaurant. Love their special 3 course menu for 2. Plenty of food for two meals for each of us.
Espresso A Mano is basically an overrated coffee shop. The environment is not the best and puts off a very dirty feel. I would rather drink black coffee in my nice humble abode before I go there again.
Napkins shed little white flakes all over your clothes, the lobster and and soups are great, but the crab was bitter.
Perfect Pho! Stock was seasoned just right; the meat and noodle was just the right portion. Nothing you could ask for more.
Homemade breads, bagels, and pastries. Great place! We all found something to enjoy for breakfast here.  I dig their vibe!
Friend recommended we go to Mt after class she said it was cheap and tasty as a college student cheap is always good and I'm so glad she took me here BEST INDIAN FOOD IN TOWN!! The staff was also very friendly definitely coming back!
Always good for the kids. Cheap ok pizza.
The frozen hot chocolate is basically nestle quik with crushed ice.  It would be an awesome treat to make at home but I expected a little more after waiting 20 minutes in line and paying 10 bucks.
Pending update.  Vehicle is at dealer.  Check back soon.
Quick and delicious. Unique take on sandwiches
Came for breakfast. Lots of seating and good variety to choose from and they have breakfast until 1100.
Really good pizza and great variety of pizzas and beer. Little bit overpriced but still super good.
Wow - had Taco with shredded beef, Quesadillia Pork Carnitas and Chicken Sope,  And the chips with the beans and cheese they give you is simply outstanding - and the sauces.  Only thing that could improve the experience would have been a frozen margarita!
I visited this restaurant a few weeks ago w a girlfriend for lunch and we both really enjoyed our meal.  The waiter was super sweet and the food was very tasty.  \n\nI returned last night with my family and again we all had a really nice experience.  If you are looking for tasty  Mexican food check out this place
This is my family's favorite Chinese restaurant! The food is great and I especially love the pot-stickers!
I've been using them for 4 years because of their close proximity to my house but I've stopped.  Too many issues the last 6 months with clothes 2-3 days late, items missing, and very inconsistent customer service.  The staff turnover is very, very high.
The Carna Adova and Eggs were so good they brought a tear to my eye... or was it the flaming hot plate they were served on? nasty blister.  \n\nFood - 5 Stars
Best Pad Thai either me or my wife have ever had. Crunchy sprouts, spicy noodles, and wonderful tamarind and peanut sauce!\n\nUnassuming store front, but worth the 15 minute drive from I-15.
Place is great!!!   Love the decor.  Food well rounded and to the point.  Service was \"right on.\"  Won't go back cause I don't like being that far from the strip, I can never find my way home. LOL!!
This is for the delivery.  Pizza was absolutely horrible it had soo much cheese on it and it was completely uneatable.  Again soooo much cheese and it was just pure white with out any browning.  The Pepperoni Pizza Quesadilla was just a complete joke. I will never order from this restaurant again.
I only ate here during breakfast and it was a GREAT breakfast!  They had really great steaks and braised short ribs.... and yes I ate those for breakfast! haha
All I can say is this is the best place I have been to and I do go out to eat a lot. I was here with my husband and 2 kids. The desserts were amazing. The menu is awsome. the cleanliness is super and the service is well trained to please:) Would come back again if I am in town.
They just lost my money cause no one would ask if I needed help. Waste of my time.
The bartender was a bitch. She was young and inattentive and spent the whole time chatting with her boyfriend at the end of the bar. He is also a jerk. My whole group left after 1 round.
The Blue Adobe Grille is amazing, everything I have ever ordered has been awesome. The meatloaf is probably the best thing on their menu, but their vegetarian options are also very good.
Fast - Affordable - Good Food.  East of Chandler at the 101 - Behind the Kinkos.
Fish Tacos- awesome. Great service, delicious horchata. Guacamole was great! Love this place
TBell like every other about 50% of the time service can be real slow though.
The dessert was very tasty. i would recommend sharing desserts, they are a big size. the regular food is good, but way too over priced.
Terrible service.  You need to stand right in front of the chef otherwise he will make everyone else's food before yours.
I love you Butterfields, but I think I could love you more if you made the hostess stand a beverage bar while I wait. It would be awesome!
It's five star and beyond. Great addition to the Arcadia area!  Seafood tower and beets salad were wonderful, followed by bone in filet and lobster mac n cheese. Can't wait for my next visit to Steak 44!\n\nEnjoy, the service is great!
This place is just an old 60s motor hotel room rooms that smell of smoke. Never again. There are better place around.
Standard dive bar.  Nothing extraordinary so if you're not already close by, don't bother.
This is a fun colorful restaurant. If u like breakfast food, they have a lot of choices.
Howzit!?\n\nAverage food. Good atmosphere. Great service.\n\nKids and baby friendly with changing station and designated stroller parking area. Also a complimentary dish for kids.\n\nNotable dish: French Onion Soup.
I like the food but the staff has alot to be desired. Very unorganized and they did not seem very happy to be there. The place was bot very clean. May need new management  or need to replace some staff.
Great establishment in Oakland. The owner is super friendly, and only puts the freshest in the dishes. They truly are the best and authentic Middle Eastern establishment in Pittsburgh. Not only are the dishes top quality, but the prices are cheap and student-budget friendly!
Food is always good never had bad food. Service is good for the most part its very seldom that it is not good. But everyone has a off day. Wish the prices were not so high.
Last time I visited Duck & Decanter I was very disappointed. I have been visiting this place since high school and it has always been great but for some reason this time everything was off. My sandwich bread was hard and inedible, the topping were sparse, and the pasta salad was just not good.
This is a beautiful restaurant unfortunately the sushi tastes like it came from a grocery store. My roll included what was supposed to be crab on the top. It was crab like but was definitely not crab.
Worst whisky sour! the bar tender had never even herd of it. But still charged me $15 for the piss she gave me :(
A lot of great products with fair prices. Some good deals. The service is great, cool staff.
Delicious, clean, great service! 3 hours later and we are still talking about how delightful this place was. We had the pulled pork and chicken sandwich - both were moist and fresh. Dinner for 2 for 20.00!
Excellent atmosphere and great coffee and crepes!  Cool place to hang out and do some work. Highly recommend!
Staff was definitelly pretty awesome and helpful. Prices range from low to high, depending on what you are getting.
Shuffleboard is gone : (
Great neighborhood place with the same owners and consistent quality for the last 20 years. Anti pasta salad and wings and you can't go wrong!  Pizza is one of the better ones too. Friendly and fast service (we did let them know we were on our way to a concert).....
This place has a great 2002 vibe. Unfortunately, it's over a decade later. Food was okay. Service was pretentious. Music was sad. Overall, update or die, guys.
Great place, great food.  Can make anything Vegan but you have to tell them.  They use a special button on cpu that says vegan.  I like that.  Means no fish sauce and egg.  Very nice, comfortable dining area.  Fast and friendly.
I think this is a decent venue, unfortunately the times I was there, there was no food and the concerts were very long. It would have been nice if they offered a little something extra besides drinks, but a lot of places don't.
Orderd pizza on line got a 16\" sausage and extra cheese pizza, came nice and hot, got it in 38 min. Perfect. Loved it !!!
Good, reliable Chinese food. I usually order take-out. Nice Chinese family runs the business, but not everyone who answers the phone is a fluent English speaker. No big deal; just order by menu number. Love the General Tso's chicken (mild), the special combination sweet and sour chicken, and the crab fried rice.
7:30am-5:30pm and I only got an oil change. HORRIBLE! I'll never come back. I had a list of things to accomplish and nothing was done.
Made a pit stop here for a beer and to check out a game! TV's everywhere, so there is not a bad spot in the house. The bartender was amusing and knew his shit when it came to football. Good time in an easy going, relaxed bar!
well once again this place has blown me away the food is a culinary monster out standing dishes wild flavors and great service hugh wine list and excellent martinis. expect to spend some money but at the end of the meal it is well worth it.
Atmosphere was lacking- the wait was over 30 minutes and the air-conditioning was not working properly. The area was very crowded and left little room to move around or feel comfortable enough to relax. Sushi was pretty decent, probably would be good for a to-go stop.
Best Chinese good ever. Terrible service,they are rude and don't look happy also I noticed their sanitation score keeps decreasing it was 90% and to me that is low...
get the cookies !!
Wide variety of selections of hair care products, extensions and wigs. Everything is neatly organized with pricing listed. Don't plan on being helped but I can say you are greeted.
Solid, but expensive and overrated.
Best oyster shooters!  Get the lobster bisque!\nService and view were amazing!\nWaiter went out of his way to retrieve my Rewards Card!  Complimentary champagne since we were celebrating two birthdays!  We had a great time and a lovely meal!
Great Restaurant for Breakfast.....I have breakfast here once every week!  The food is good, priced reasonably and the service is great!  Thanks to Adam, who always takes care of me.  As they say, Try It...You'll Like It!
Stay away. This place serves you 12 ounces of beer and charges you for 16 oz...
Great sushi for a great price.   Friendly staff too.  Also I love the laid back atmosphere.
$47 for person and the food was so so... I have been to better places that had more to offer. Waiters are really good and friendly. That's the only thing I liked.
Good food! I love the bottles of salsa they give when you sit down, and sitting outside on a nice day is great.
Laurier bbq has changed for the worse. Ordered a salmon tartare and no taste. The bun that came with the chicken was hard! The fries were cold.... Sigh...they will close very soon...really sure about that
There is something for everyone, healthy, and tasty. I take my clients here often and end up eating here 2-3 times a week. I can always try something new, and be happy with it.
Poor customer service. Although they are somewhat knowledgeable, they constantly bad mouth their competition. They are not professional at all  - will take my business elsewhere.
Food is excellent! Serving sizes are huge. Wife and I always share here/ Sit out on the patio to enjoy the passer-by's
if you wanna gamble, this is not the place to go. cards are pre-programmed. the dealer knows what's your card and what hand should be played. also, there are no place to go if you wanna eat after 10 pm. this is place is a rip-off!
Its the Hard Rock Hotel cafe.  You eat here because its convenient.  They charge in accordance of that.
Very good dim sum & prices are not bad for vegas.  I will come back each time i visit for sure.  I'm still craving this place when i got back to California & i tried a couple of dim sum places & they're not even comparable.  I may have to fly back to get my fix!
This is a cool place to hang out. You can see all of Las Vegas, and the area is pretty big. The only thing I did not like was the DJ. Played crappy music for a long time, and i was mad I had to pay $20.
OMGOSH I am in love with this show!\nThis is the most amazing show, if you love rock and roll then go see this show.
Finally popped by here for the Gail Ambrosius anniversary party. The place is gigantic. It was also really packed and parking was a pain. The beer is always good, I would have tried the food but the wait was too long. Will definitely be back.
Drove by one Saturday night after 11 pm with the intent of stopping in to check it out but didn't go in because the doors were wide open and they were blaring hip hop.  I'm too old and deaf already for that scene...
excellent service and excellent prices!!
Sorry, this business closed over a year ago...\n\nhttp://www.glendalestar.com/news/article_54e6fa3e-0ff8-597b-aa7d-3b37eb3d16fe.html
I dislike this place but it's close to my house. The service is poor. It will be at least 5-8 mins before anyone comes to your table. Food is ok. Don't ask for extra ranch because you won't get it.
Yummy authentic Mexican food with recipes that have been in the family for generations.  The flan is a must!
The pizza here is like the kind you buy in the freezer section of a grocery store and seriously, I'd rather eat frozen pizza than have pizza here again.
Good traditional Mexican food.  Quick too.\n\nExcellent shredded chicken!
Hops has become my favorite lunch place. They have a bottomless potato soup and salad that is to die for. Combine it with a beer and you're set to go!
Mugs is the best coffee shop in the QC. Ask for a pour over!
Great service, fair prices, quick install, offered me a yelp discount, quoted me a better price than liberty for storage lock cutting. All in all very happy with the service will use again, nice family owned company. New pick proof locks = happy girl :)
Dinner work meeting. No frills expected. Seating was prompt and servers very attentive and food was good. All good here!
There was a long line.  I ordered the Full Montagu, my bf got the Italian.  We both loved our sandwiches but wished we had gotten a third to split because they are small.  Try the Earl Grey Lemonade.  It's really good.
Disappointing! They charged an extra $20 per night  for services like coffee and water bottles. The fee was reversed after I talked with a manager and showed booking paper work. Another 15 minute chat. Pool closes at 7, even during summer. Multiple calls from security letting us know our door was ajar. It was closed and locked.
Ono food and good service:)
Always excellent food and service. My boyfriend and I eat here on nearly a weekly basis and have never been disappointed!
The sub contents were good but the. Bread they use is very average!
Stale chips, okay salsa mostly corn, fish and shrimp tacos not very hot, mashed potatoes tasted like instant with jalape\u00f1os on top.
I HATE WAL-MART! but its cheap so lets shut the government down because they feed on us weak money savers :(  I hope the IRS stays open btw, waiting on my return...
I agree with reviews that said the customer service from the type of employees they have is hurting this business .  Perhaps the owner needs to some secret shoppers sent in ( like grocery stores) to see what we're talking about.
Nice clean restaurant. I really enjoyed the Green Curry (chicken) but I can't say I will order the Brown Sticky Rice with Custard again for dessert.
Our first time to Vegas and we loved loved loved this restaurant.   The food was always fresh and delicious!  The prices were very reasonable and we revisited it many times during our 5 day stay.  Great service and atmosphere too.  Would definitely recommend this restaurant.
I ordered the pulled pork and the cheap generic bread took away from a decent sandwich. I found this sandwich to be quite expensive and too small. In my quest to find the restroom, I pinched my fingers on the space between the lock. My finger turned purple and I was in pain the rest of the evening.  Do not plan to return.
Walmart is always the best. Set up a little different then most I've been too but easy to find your way around and get lost just looking. Parking is the worst during the day heads up.
Vegetarian poutine.  I asked for the veggie gravy on the side, since I'm not much of a gravy fan.  It was all very good.  I split a gigantic portion with my girlfriend and we were super stuffed.  Good stuff here, probably even better if you're a meat eater.
Don't bother. They take forever and are very rough.  They cut me when I was getting my pedicure and didn't even apologize. I will not go back.
Their Mediterranean salad is amazing!! Wonderful food, every time!
I got the pi\u00f1a colada  its was horrible I honestly started getting a headache... my friend got the purple rain and that one was good... Good thing I got the $8 drink =]
The Flounder  sandwich and onion rings  at this place will set you free ! Good fresh cooked food..fast , and very reasonable ...even cheap ! I Love it, and go there whenever I'm in Charlotte airport area ! Stays busy, but no wonder ! Try it you'll like it !
10 TIMES better than the Phx Zoo.....
Excellent, as always.
Love this place. The food is always fantastic. The service is very fast and the price is very good too. Would recommend this place to everyone who loves sushi.
Two visits here this week.  The first time \"Miss Sunshine\" (insert sarcasm font), waited on us.  Drinks were fine, too bad she couldn't smile.\nNext visit there were about 300 people both inside and out and 1 bartender.  You basically couldn't get a drink. Pretty unbelievable!
i never have time to dine in. but i do always stop in for a brownie or lemon square ! they are rockin good ! staff very pleasant also. one of these days i will find the time to eat a full meal rather than a dessert to go.
I have always been happy with McCarran airport.  Always clean and I love the free WiFi. Keep up the good work.
I'm giving it a 2 star review from a 4 star because the rolls have gotten smaller, happy hour is even more minuet than before. The prices are ridiculous and the hours are horrible. Go to blue wasabi!(:\nThere a little farther but worth the drive.
Nice place compared to other hotels off the strip. The only feedback I have if it's for non smokers have a smoke free section while walking through the casino floor. I've had to wash my hair 2x this trip which for me is a time consuming task.
As far as dental cleanings go, I was very satisfied with my service, which was friendly, competent and professional!
Slices are huge, the pizza is really good!
Prob the best DMV experience I've ever had. Then again CADMV is prob the worst ever!  NVDMV was big, fast and had plenty of representatives. My number was G603, they were at G545 when I arrived. It only took 30 mins to get to my number!
Do not get sushi here. It is 99% rice and 1% mediocre fish. The Thai food tastes alright though.
I got a haircut here with Maggie last week. I showed her few pics and was very clear about how much I wanted it off. She ended up cutting waaay too much off. She didn't listen to any of my requests and my hair just look like a total disaster. I will never be coming back here again.
Amazing food!! Chef was super nice and made us an awesome flank steak and crisp Apple little starter. Def will come back again and again. Amazing service as well!!!!
Good happy hour! $2.00 cover get's you a buffet and like music that is actually good. for some reason though the sound system kept cutting out. I guess the forgot to pay the electric bill.
Had a nice breakfast. Service was friendly and no complaints. Food was typical diner food. Yummy but did not overly wow me.
Excellent decore. Only Wynn and Encore have remained my best favorite hotels to stay,  favorite second would be city center complexes.\n\nInterior is lavish and rooms are well designed. \n\nI Prefere encore rooms over Wynn, more my style.
oh now i remember why ihop is gross... i got the tbone steak and egg, worst steak ive ever had.. i think my daughters decent french toast was better...
So nasty, I would rather go to panda, I have no idea why they left the bone in the teriyaki chicken plate but it was nasty and I would never recommend it to anyone. I felt like crap the next day too.
This place was good and I'm going to recommend it.  Pretty waitresses, good steaks, and their mashed potatoes were great.  Service was good too.
I love this place. Happy hour is 50% off selected items but those are delicious. Try the Asian Nachos.
Food was good, service was good.  They were very patient with our kids and attentive.  I think it is a bit overpriced for the quantity, but the quality was good.  I will keep searching for a convenient and good family mexican restaurant.
Can I give them 0 stars? Worst service ever. I cannot even stream my netflix. The customer service is even worse. I have wasted countless hours on the phone with technical service and they refuse to help me. Using skype is completely out of the question, as the internet quality is too poor.
Andre Agassi's famous lounge bar in Las Vegas by Flamingo Blvd.  Cozy place, good crowd, good music, they sometimes have Jazz  singers performing. A good place to drink, talk and socialize.
Epic deliciousness. On my last trip to Montreal, I went here three times in a week. The smoked meat truly is the best with a side of fries & washed down with black cherry soda made especially for them.
Don't WASTE your money, food is awful, really over priced for what you get , Vegas is a place to gamble but this is one place you are going to lose.
A long line is a given, so I didn't mind. But I personally didn't think the burgers were worth the line. I got a turkey burger and my friends all got different beef burgers and had the same reaction. Good but not worth an hour wait.
Gets your feet shiny.
Great spot for a quick lunch.The chicken is above average and they have a great variety of sides. I eat here on a regular basis.
This could be the best cleaner in all of arizona.  They can get any spot out.  I had a shirt that had a spot from a year ago they got it out. I had another shirt that a different cleaner gave back to me with a spot and they got it out.  really decent prices also.
If you ever have a craving for a smoothie, this is the place to visit.  These smoothies offer fruity goodness and definitely can fill keep you cool in the summer.  My favorite is the Berry Fulfilling because its on the lite menu.  The staff are always friendly and welcoming.
This place was quick to see me. . Very kind staff. Came in with a broken rib, in pain and they handheld it right away. Great location next to a cvs... Happy happy happy.
So looks like someone at that craphole called Bianco's can't handle criticism and is send private messages. Further proof place is bogus
WOW this is by far the best selection of flavors and best tasting ice cream ever. I highly recommend this ice cream parlor, they have boba and are open til 2AM!
Horrible customer service!  Honestly my worst online experience ever!  Their pictures don't match the product you receive and then charge you a ridiculously high restocking fee to return.  There are plenty of other better companies to choose.  Save your time and money with this one
food was good and service was great.  I guess my only beef with it is that Hugo's is very \"Old Vegas\".  I am only 21, I am more interested in hip and trendy restaurants.  Not a sit down, 5 star time capsule.  I will come back but give me a few more years to mature like a fine wine
Disgusting place, extremely arrogant owner,  horrible service.  I waited 10 minutes while he waited on a customer, another customer came in and the owner ignored me to wait on this new customer.  Never acknowledged my presence.  None of my money will ever go to this company.
The kiwi watermelon lemonade. omg.
Sometimes I go here for the heck of it. But when I do its a mess. Prices aren't even consistent with what they have on signs. There isnt much to choose from. But once in a great while I find myself stopping here just to see what I can find on clearance. Then I am out.
I Really love their bagels! They are so fresh and yummy. Great breakfast sandwiches and bagels!!! I really love the Arizona one. Plus they give you an extra bagel if you order a dozen. Great location and across the road is a really great gelato place too!
I really want to like Sonics but the food always seems to fall short of my expectations. (and I don't expect much for fast food joints) love the numerous drink options, and the parking-ordering option, but in the end it's all about the food, and the food just isnt all that.
Great spot to pop in or take away quality Mexican food.  I eat here probably once a week or more and have tried half of the menu and have enjoyed everything so far.  My only complaint is that the portions are not traditional Mexican size portions so I am left wanting.  Kids chicken is great.
Pizza is good, but not worth the wait.  Pies are also small and expensive.
Frontier Ace Hardware is one of my favorite stores in AJ! I don't buy much hardware but the times I have been in found the employees to be friendly & helpful. Wish the prices were a bit lower & wonder if they will price match the larger hardware stores? If they would I would gladly shop there more.
I just grabbed two burgers and a fry to go. I got home .3 miles away and my fry's were limp and room temp and the buns look like they are at least a month old to the point that I lost my appetite and  tossed them in the garbage.
Excellent food and attentive service. A very enjoyable dining experience. I recommend the salmon and Burrata appetizers. The brisket entree was delicious. We had the apple pie this evening, and it was wonderful.
First time trying this place out...ordered the Aloha Chicken! :-) The food was pretty good...although I have had macaroni salad from a Hawaiian place out of state that I liked better, but can't complain for this being right up the road! The meat was very tasty and flavorful!
Hate that I have to think about whether there is a home game before I come. I refuse to pay $10 to park to shop at the outlets. They need to validate or something at least. Sucks they don't care about their actual customers and just want to bank on game day. Guess I'll head to the mall instead!
Very clean dining room and bathroom. Price is affordable. Portion served matched price. As far a taste, the dishes had a moderate Thai taste to them. Nothing memorable or unique or any wow factor. I didn't like that my penang curry had more green beans than beef.
Tasty, pretty darn reliable.   Had one encounter with a girl working at the counter who was truly unpleasant and that turned me off for quite some time.  Last time I was in, everyone was friendly.
Yumm! I'm so excited that they serve breakfast all day!! The coffee is delish (and only one large size!) and the food that I've tried so far (fresh fruit bowl and eggs) were perfect. Great vibe and everyone is super nice.
Omg!!!! This place reminds so much of Mexico. The food is sooooo bomb. They never let you down.
A quick stop and the food is very good. We would have ate lunch and dinner in this place if Vegas did not have so many other options. The staff was excellent and very accommodating.\n\nVisited August 2014
Used to be awesome but the new owner ruined this place. Servers are slow and clueless and the owner hangs out getting drunk with the weirdo regulars...or maybe those are his buddies. Its also not zoned for smoking but the owner ignores that. Stinky with scary cougars and pervs.
Most delicious Greek food in Southside
Maybe I just had bad luck here, but I wasn't impressed with the food. The service was friendly enough, but the food was worse than other Pittsburgh Thai restaurants I've been to. I probably won't be back.
The food is okay but nothing to travel too far to experience.  The pizza was good.
Got \"The Bobbie\" to see what all the hype was about. It honestly wasn't the greatest sandwich I've ever tasted referring to the sandwiches back in San Francisco, but it was pretty good. Better than Subway for sure!
I took my two dogs to get groomed at Loris grooming. They looked beautiful when I picked them up. She did a great job. Lori and her husband are so kind. They definitely are my new groomers!\n\nEllie
Interesting decore in this place! Bright green and yellow walls, chairs and tables. Went here for lunch and the place was very clean. I ordered the Italian beef sandwich and my wife got the  gyro. Both were overfilled with meat and tasted fantastic! Would definitely recommend.
Extremely impressed with the quality of service, and variety of candy and soda's.
I  have been  stop by this place to get my breakfast recently . food  taste  good and the 2 ladies  in the front (cashier) always been nice.
I really enjoy the sandwich I always get here.  Problem is the restaurant is dirty.  I had a hard time dining in and not noticing the crumbs everywhere, unkempt floors and surfaces needing to be wiped down.  Ruined my appetite a bit..but still enjoyed my food!
Clean, friendly. I'm not a big fan of their food though, but I will go there on occasion. I like how its a small menu.
Man vs. food!ridiculous sandwiches, but NO ALCOHOL and can be a long wait on the weekends, but everyone should try it out for sure!
Favorite ramen shop, ever. I wish I could go there all the time!
Chalk up another one for this place being awful. Poor service. I order the monthly special and get charged full price. Not friendly at all. I just live so damn close it's hard to resist. I guess I will just have to quit Subway for a while.
Open till' very late at night, how could I complain? If I want a root beer float late at night, I can come here and share a banana split while I'm at it. There are tons of things on the menu and they have a happy hour.
Cheap prices, great quality, deluces food. I am a Saudi and they do the rice dish perfect in similer manner to the Saudi style!\nKeep it up guys!
I have purchased pet food here every month, but find the store to be dirty, and not proper attention ia paid to their pets.  Have seen bird's without water, and sick bird being neglected.  I would not buy anything other than packaged food here.  The poor pets are not care for properly at all!
3 and a half stars!  Good place to eat when family is in town...and convenient, especially if they're staying at The Cal!  Service is always quick whenever I patronize this joint.  Food is alright.
I drive it every day, and I think it is a freeway.\n\nWhy are we reviewing freeways? This is lame, I'm leaving.\n\nPS, yes it's good for kids... to play in. Wait, that was the 17.
Hot, fast and very tasty American-style Chinese food.  Big portions and low prices.  I was staying at the Wingate Hotel nearby on a layover and these guys really made my night by delivering a tasty dinner with a smile.  Definitely recommend them.
We stop in this QT every time we pass by, which varies from a few times a month to months in between.  It's on our way to play baseball some 60 miles from home.  The people here are friendlier than average, even moreso than most QTs.
I like by-the-weight frozen yogurt places! Even though I always accidentally get too much. This place has good yogurt and good toppings. They had taro, which was great. Also I liked their raspberry (I like tart yogurt). Yum!
This month their $5 foot long is the ham and turkey sandwich! I get it with 9 grain bread, lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapenos and honey mustard. \n\nI need to go back again before the end of the month!
I've been there twice, mostly due to the ambiance. After my last experience having to order from the \"to go\" area due to a fire in the main kitchen, I have decided to never go back. Taco Bell would have been better.
A large mall with plenty of upscale stores and restaurants.  A little bit tricky to navigate with various entrances and escalators.
Store is not disability friendly. Very big store was not able to look at anything because they do not offer carts for handicap people. Computer techs are rude. Maybe it was because we didn't look like we have money. But that's ok cause we going shopping here at Town Square and I will get my electronics from Best Buy.
I eat here often because it's right next door to my work. I usually only get a plain single butter burger with mashed potatoes and gravy.  That order is the least in calorie count and it's good.
For the price this place is awesome! Only setback is I wish there were a bigger selection
This place sucks. Rude Aggressive owner, Insult comedy, Go there if you like being treated like crap and offended.  Zero stars would be more accurate.
The Jim Beam burger is VERY good.
Visited again after a 5 month hiatus, and happy to report that I re-ordered all their ceviche tostadas and found them all very satisfying.  Small bonus for remembering me and offering what I wanted right away.
Negative credit items withdrawn after threatening to sue them, but deposit was never returned. Would not recommend being a resident here .
Lovely place, with very nice ambience, food and service. We have tried the rainbow rolls and spicy tuna maki, both were very good. So was the salmon teriyaki, although I would appreciate a bit bigger portion. We will definitely come back since we have been searching for a nice sushi restaurant in Edinburgh.
Chili cheese dog ranking is a 7 out of 10.  Monica at the counter who helped serve us outside was so nice and kind.  She truly appreciated our business.
Sauces we had on our wings were good the only compliant I have is the wings them self are small compared to the rest of the wing you find in Madison.
It was not bad, it was not great.  The staff needs to be trained, he took our order (which he did not write down) and then came back to get our order again?
Wayyyyyyyyyyyy too expensive.
Don't charge me $30 for crab legs if you're gonna serve them in a plastic bag. Also, our food took 20 min & the service was pretty slow. Not coming back
Small. Looked like ice walking. Got there 15 min after opened. Already packed. No real ice SKATING more like ice walking. Don't bother.
Going downhill! We stayed here 2 years ago and it was amazing. Now there's no attention to detail. Common spaces aren't as clean, lifeguards on their cell phones, protruding cracks in the cement around the pool. Sad.
Wanted to update and say while prices are still high the choice of sweets has expanded and improved. Two things I like: coffee beans still a fair price & I love the ends & cut offs of their cookie bars you can buy heavily discounted. Not as pretty but just as tasty.
There is a reason this restaurant has over 60 reviews. It might not look like the greatest neighborhood but Great food at an affordable price!\nThe place was quite clean and droned a nice ambiance as well!
The food was really good and the prices were ok. However, the eating area was crowded. The tables were crammed into a corner and most of the tables were filthy
Not very clean the restaurant...but the tacos are amazing... 4 stars for the food and 1 start for cleanness
I can say this is one of the best Taiwanese place in Vegas. Nice lady with friendly service. Food is authentic, comparable to the ones in LA. Great Taiwanese gem in Vegas !
Not a huge date person but the dates were delicious. If you're trying to send a unique, az-themed gift package, this is your place. Local wine, beer, salsa, sweets, and pasta.
Burgers are just OK. Ice cream was very good but I'm not sure that all their ingredients are very fresh? Some pieces tasted a bit off. Probably won't come back here again.
The deep fried sushi (any of them) are the best. Don't forget to ask for extra octopus sauce 'cause it will make your meal heavenly! And, it's always better to get the eat all you can.
Love It.... Just Need To Get Theirs Booking Partners On Same Page With Check In Check Outs Also They Can A Few Smoking Rooms Only Thing I Was Unhappy About But I Was In Heaven....
Very clean, attentive employees, great selection,
Can it get any worse. 5 tables on a Sunday. Wait time over 2 hours. Place is dirty, service is beyond bad and the food well I can't even remember. BEWARE
Love this place. A great place to catch up with girlfriends. Also their bruschetta and salads top anywhere else I have been.
extremly rude service, their regular checkups could NOT find any of the real problems, only by guessing and trying to let customers replace every single part related.\n\nsucks big time.
They don't sale grilled chickens but fried for combo meals :-/
I'm not really a fan of this place. It reminds me a lot of Korean BBQ which is way better and less expensive w/ larger portions. This place seems more like a bbq tapas place. Everything has to be ordered a la carte and the portions are small.
We waited over 30 minutes after ordering to get our order! When the food came, the rice and sauce was crusted and dry from sitting to long under the warmer. I returned my food  with only an apology from the wait staff and the manager didn't come over to see if anything could be done. I will not come back!
Best Thai food I've had. Everything was so good. Veggie egg rolls & war won ton soup and service was good.
Staying MGM Grand Hotel is not Grand at all. The rooms and hallways have filthy carpet.  My room has no window access and looks like an upscale prison cell! Never again.
Probably the worst service I've experienced in Arizona .. Pretty bad I sent my food back .. There are far better service and food in the same area !!!
i came to see the ti show. and now i can say i saw it.
It was alright. Sort of a mix between Buffalo Wild Wings and The Outback. Pretty noisy and only one steak on the menu, but the burger was decent.
Way too much hype for me....my expectations were way higher than what I got.  Unique?  Yes.  For me?  not so much...
Great food and service!!! Teriyaki beef is to die for.
Got a gyro meal. It's really good. The beef and lamb were really tasty. I would want to try some of their chicken when I go next. Unlv ID card gets you a free drink.
It was nice as usual, with one exception: they didn't allow ANY PURSES or bags unless they are clear, yet there were no signs or information warning about this until you got to the doors. A bit of a pisser for A LOT of people.
Standard Panda Express food.\n\nDid find what appears to be a small bone chip in one of my chicken entrees tonight.
Just horrible! The pizza was like the kind they'd serve in a school cafeteria. The wings tasted as if they'd come right out of a big. To top it off I paid over $40 for their largest size and dozen wings, might as well have gone to NYPD for those prices but better quality!
Awesome attention to detail.. servers actually shine the wine glases, and prime the beer glasses accordingly cold and clean.
How do I do this???? REALLY mixed reviews.  The wife would never go back again.   I thought my lunch was very good.  So I'll go back on my own next time.
This place had us wait outside for an hour for a table and while we waited outside we opened one beer that we had and they charged us a corking fee of 20$ without letting us know of the fee ahead of time.
Corn Beef & Pastrami with fries were gooooood good.\n\nThey serve Green River soda. This place knows what's up.\n\nI'm not much of a deserts guy, but you have to get their banana split. Huge serving. Great vanilla taste.
Not good! Really, not good. I had lunch here. I was so disappointed. The crab rangoon, had no crab, just a scant amount of filling.  My lunch consisteted of a neon orange rice. Strange looking, and bad tasting. The food was so bad, I thought we were being pranked.
Way over priced....... The service was terrible..need I go on?
I just didn't see all the glitz it was hyped up to be. I mean it wasn't a horrible experence but I have come across much better ways to spend time in Vegas.
They serve up some huge portions but does it help that it's huge portions of very mediocre food. I think this place is popular just due to their oversized portions and interesting plating but not so much on the actual tastiness of their food. The chicken and waffles were probably my favorite dish that I tried.
The wife and I love going out and getting frozen yogurt and with this place right down the street from us its perfect. Love the decor, flavors and the toppings. going back soon!
The atmosphere here is pretty nice for a weekend dinner. The massive TVs always have a good game on to watch. The food is pretty good but not amazing. The pasta was decent. The pizza is there area they shine.
The WiFi was spotty and slow at best, and the hotel staff seemed completely uninterested in my requests for assistance. The cont breakfast was adequate at best. The room was comfortable enough. Really only sufficient as a place to sleep...don't count on much more.
Ein Altes Bad aber sowas von Toll Besucht es selbst allerdings am Wochenende ist es ziemlich voll.
Best gym I have been a member of.  They are friendly and actually seem to care.  The training is great!  Equipment is great too!
Cheap for vegas, soup and sandwich filled me up =)\n\nthe earl grey lemonade... not as sweet as i want it to be but still pretty good for a tea
Very rude employees made unpleasant dining.\nToo long to get food served and water refill was never been easy.\nAlso i got sick after eating here.
Very close to home, average Mexican food. I wish it was better, we'd come much more often.
Asian dishes might be good but do not get the sushi. Made me sick! Will not go back here again.
I read the other Yelp reviews and decided to give Jeremy a try. He is truly a sweetheart! Jeremy did a great job on my hair. It was my first time at Shag Me Salon, and I'll most certainly go back!
I can usually find what I am looking for. Clean store. Quick service if you go during the day, peak hours are torture however with long waits in the check out line. Although I can never really find the clothing I see online that should be in store - sometimes it's just not at this store and I'll end up ordering online.
These clowns don't take credit cards. I walked out...
This place is unique and quaint! I love it here! Kinda pricey and the location sucks, but the food is amazing and the staff is very nice!!
Pork tacos are GREAT! The pineapple in the tacos wirh the feta cheese is excellent! Papas bravas weren't really good. Chicken burrito is tasty as well. Verde salsa was pretty quick,  to much lime flavor though.  Fast and friendly service. Will visit again!
had the super coctel..very fresh!!
Don't let the reviews fool you this is like a chain of very over priced mediocre Mexican food.  Also the drinks.  Tourist trap.
Bob's is just the kind of place we need more of.  \n\nIt's a small, old fashioned shop that is fair and fast.\n\nThere is nothing slick, or corporate about this place.  \nIt's a bike shop, nothing more, which is exactly as I like it.
The food is awesome but expensive and the service is impersonal and slow. Used to be one of the great sushi places in Montreal but I avoid it now.
It was alright.  Quick preparation. Above average taste however over priced compares to other choices in the airport
The selection wasn't great- no amber! Also the oils didn't smell like they were high quality. BUT the main thing is that the woman who helped me came across as defensive and borderline rude. Won't be coming back.
Yes. Fish tacos @($1.50 ea) are very good!! This was my first time so not sure about the rest of the stuff. My bf had the carne asada tacos & await it was very good. Would def come back!
Fri fish fry...mmm...ok.  Culver's is better and you can have it anytime you want!!!
Great bbq! Some of the best we have had. Our server, Carmella, was amazing and the rest of the staff were very friendly. Gives Texas a run for its money
Horrible service and the food is over priced.
Whats up with the office roll around chairs? No head rest, uncomfortable, feels like im working and not watching a movie. Could not relax the whole time.
The Gyro here rivals and or tops any I've ever had. A healthy portion of feta cheese over the top I think is the secret vs the competition. Well worth the $7.50.
The waiter was so rude! Super disappointed because years ago, this use to be my favorite sushi spot. Will not be coming back.
My hubby and I love this place great food and service are favorite is the peanut butter cake it is to die for !!
Loved this ate in the cask room
Grabbed quick breakfast ...service was slow and the dining room was filled with the joyful abundance of homeless and just crazy people of Las Vegas.\nAs said before coffee was warm at best, my egg McMuffin without Sausage was cold and greasy!
They may have fixed their food and service now they need to work on the staff. OMG the gals are, for the lack of a better word, GROSS. \nI mean come in who's hiring them??
Pretty cool, rustic place in North Scottsdale.  The burgers were actually quite good and enjoyed best with a beer!
Ordered a turkey sub on wheat bread with extra tomatoes. Didn't get what I ordered, they skimped on the tomatoes and gave me regular white bread. Called to complain and the manager was like \"Oh Well\". Wrote to the company and they could care less too. Won't ever be back!
Typical Chinese -American\nWe were a party of 4 and they got two orders wrong with a thin apology or discount for screwing it up. \nWouldn't go again, probably won't be around long with service like that.
It was ok.  Probably will only come back if I had a Groupon.
I have always enjoyed the food here since they opened but am thoroughly disgusted with the over the top high prices. These prices are not inline with other Mexican restaurants of equal or higher quality food. Don't think I will be going back exclusively because of the high prices.
Great, but please fix the wifi.
Wow!! I want to call this Fresh and Fruity (an Ihop knee-jerk reaction)... I just found this place today and truly, it lives up to its namesake: everything is fresh and it really is easy!  Love the self-check out!  Instant fan here!
The office staff is rude and unprofessional.\n\nI will be taking my kids elsewhere.
Delicious curry, their Nan is also amazing. They have several kinds of Nan, try the garlic or cheese stuffed!
I really enjoyed the food that I had! My boyfriend however did not. He also did like my good food though, ended up eating his and mine. Our server was a little awkward however. We had the most delicious dessert here! It was cookies and ice cream, definetly would suggest
I came here based on the yelp reviews. The juice was great and service was friendly (which is not a given at juice bars). \n\nWould come back if I'm in the area.
Not worth the money. Bad quality of food and the service was awful!
Love this place. Good menu selection and good food. Service is usually quick and friendly. Eat there at least once a month.
This place is okay nothing really good to talk about.
GREASY! expensive and the actual restaurant was gross...food all over the floor...etc.\n\nIf you want a truly greasy burger that tastes like artery plaque then have at it. I'll stick with In & Out.
Went in tonight and had some seaweed salad, calamari, a Texas and Oregon roll. Everything was really good and the waitress/hostess had them make the seaweed salad the way I asked, which was pretty cool. Worth checking out if you want some sushi and are in the area.
One of the better Chinese food restaurants in Pittsburgh. The food is pretty authentic, and while they have your standard American Chinese food, they have some genuine-tasting Cantonese dishes too.
Our only complaint was the noise level.  Other than that service was relaxed.  Arancini app was awesome, so was eggplant app.  Veal Milanese did not diss appoint.
Located just across the street from the Burton Barr Library. Parking lot. \n\nFor those with little ones, Child high chairs, and handicap access restroom has a little dresser that can be used as a changing table.
Great food, especially for the price! A lot of filling cooked foods though so you end up getting full quickly. The sushi is not that good, but I can't really complain. They have delicious seaweed salad and I could go there just for that. Always the same food, but it's tasty.
The food was good, but the service was great! I had the bbq chicken salad and didnt know what to expect... But i did have fear that it would be too sweet or too bbq. Guess what i was wrong, so thumbs up. Oh yeah it was also super fast.
If you come with a group, I recommend a punch bowl.  Lots of fun and bound to get you drunk.  I've been here a million times and it always delivers.  Every drink I've ever had has been delicious.  The music is great and the bartenders are fantastic.  I just wish they had a little parking lot right in the front.
Definitely not the nicest Fry's I have been to but they always have the best prices on alcohol and a Redbox. I only come here for those two things. :)
Poor condition.  Greens were aerated and they never told us when we got there. In June we should have excellent conditions.   Slow play and no one home to move things along.   No better than a public course that should charge $30\nWill never play there again
Average subs at above average prices. I got an Italian and the most they offered was \"jersey style\" with vinegar and oil.  My friend got the turkey and provolone. We asked to have the subs hot, but were told they don't do that. Friendly people but absolutely nothing special.
Today was the first time I tried this restaurant and I loved the food!  The service was quick and the place was clean and spacious.  I'm looking forward to eating here again.
Best summer bar in Vegas IMO. Beautiful and classy. A must see.
Ok, the salad was good. The rice was a little blah and the portions are small. I have had better hibachi. The place seemed clean but I would try another place next time.
Service was slow, server not attentive, grumpy angry face delivered dinner and literally threw it in front of me and turned away immediately.  Really?  Food ok, don't expect good service, however did notice at other tables server was pleasant, so it could happen.
Love this place in my neighborhood..been going since they first opened.  Highly recommend the steak, meatloaf, and various weekend brunch items.  Great atmosphere.
If you like the taste of coffee don't come here. If you like the taste of sugary warm milk then this is the place for you. Sent mine back twice then gave up and threw it in the trash.
Best eggs Benedict ever, although non - traditional. Great quiche but a puny slice. Great fritata, too. Leisurely service.
About the same as the rest.
Awful buffet!  Food wasn't delicious and there wasn't a croissant in sight. Total bummer.
This place has the best adobada tacos!!! \nThe flavors of the meat and the delicious green sauce that they have over them is to die for!  You gotta try them, you'll be back for more!!
I've eaten here now and then for many years.  They use to have really good flautas, but then they changed them to something else, which sucks.  They also got a D on their latest health inspection.  Doubt I'll eat there anymore.
Menu claims \"home made corner beef hash\"  when my order arrived it was obviously canned,  I asked the server is this home made she replied well it's canned and they add to it. Bull@\"!'\"  meh lots of other places to eat around here. Service meh
I did a leap of faith with James based on other reviews.  If you want to come out feeling and looking like the woman you know you can be....he's your man.  Vavoom!  I'm back!    (Closed Sunday/Mondays)
Very happy with their pizza.  It's my favorite in the city.  The staff is nice and they know what they're doing.  The owner is also very nice.
I have eaten here several times.  The service has always been prompt and efficient.  If something is wrong, it is quickly corrected.  It is nice to be able to choose from 2 greens mixes for the salads.  All items are fresh and well prepared.
I love this store because they stock high quality food products for my dogs and they take the time to educate people on what they are feeding their pets.  The staff is always friendly and helpful and the prices are very reasonable compared to some of the other higher end pet stores.
I loved this place, we get groupons and go.  The last time we went they changed the menu , downsized the portions.  Not worth the drive from Gilbert.
The best sushi around. Very expensive, but worth it. Yellowtail teradito, Peruvian corn, BBQ sea bass, edamame, and some miso soup if u want to keep it light. Rolls are great too, but there is so much just go and let the waiter/waitresses take care of you.
Had dim sum sampler for 2, seaweed salad, BBQ pork noodle soup.\nIt was just a sponteneous lunch at Mandaley. \nPrice was not cheap either (we paid about $60).  Will go Chinatown next time.
The food should be served warmer...it's not even Luke warm!  Healthy selections.. Yaki Soba Bowl is great if it was warmer.  Could the cook be lazy?
I was in a pinch and I needed a fade, my regular barber was closed. they did a pretty good job and everybody there was very nice.
Food was ok. Ordered to go. When I got home I saw that the order was wrong and food was missing. I guess you get what you pay for.
The lake is fun and large enough to spend a few hours exploring. The folks at the marina are friendly, helpful and a pleasure to work with. Enjoy renting a boat or house boat
The service was HORRIBLE! The waitress didn't even talk to us or even give us a menu until we had been sitting there for 20 min!
Thankful for this place. It's great knowing that there is a place close by that I can take my pet in an emergency. The staff is friendly and caring. They put you at ease and make sure you understand everything that is going on. Which is great because sometimes a person needs that when a pet they care about is in distressed.
Boring, poorly laid out mall with shops that almost no one can afford. Didn't see anyone buying when I was there. I'll avoid this place in the future.
Great Food \nFunky Atmosphere\nFriendly Servers
Cute place but customer ordering flow was a bit odd.  Burgers cooked perfectly with a wide variety of toppings.  Great kids' meals.  Milkshake was very disappointing - I find Chik-Fil-A to taste MUCH better.  Won't be running back, but I think it will do well in this location.
I've never actually been in the store, but I buy their baked good all the time at the farmers market at Bruce Trent park.  Almost always get a loaf of banana nut for $3.  Next week the lady said she'd bring gingerbread!  AWESOME!
This review is for just sports. The employees were nice but they don't have a dressing room?! Seriously? What kind of clothing store doesn't have a dressing room? STUPID!!
C concourse has no internet signal.  Anyone interested in a hot dog eating contest at Nathan's? No waiting.
Great donuts, nice people, excellent prices. Just a terrific no-nonsense donut shop that's got great variety. Four stars instead of five just because the atmosphere could use a little spruce up, no music playing, etc.
Chicken sandwich was mediocre and Mac and cheese was not the slightest bit cheesy. Was not impressed.
Ordered the prime rib special. It was very good and tasty. The service was great also.
Good eats, good location.
Stay away from this company.  The management are deceptive and do not pay their bills.
This is one of the few places that I can count on to be a great meal every time.  The chicken shwarma  is the best around.  The great food along with great owners...  Ale.  This place is perfect!
I gave 2 stars for quality meat other than that the service was horrible. We sat down, waited a while for drinks, & dirty table/chair. The service was rude and unprofessional. Unless I found no other place to eat, otherwise never come back
Not terrible, not great. May be better to call ahead.....we ended up waiting a while and then they had 3 workers working on 6 people. They were doing their best but understaffed and too many customers. Their service probably also suffered a little bit because of it. Might not have been a good day for them...
Food is good. Cheese crisp is phenomenal! But prices are too expensive for a slightly higher than mediocre plate.
This place offers a huge selection of nachos, which is pretty neat. It's not easy to eat a plate of only nachos, so it's better to share. I went with 8 other friends so I sampled a variety of nachos. My favorite by far were the shrimp nachos.
I wasn't happy with the experience.  The service was subpar, and for a steak as expensive as this my group and I expected a better one.  Their bar service was good, and they pour a good drink, but aside from that we were underwhelmed.
Decent flavor on my cheesesteak with mushrooms and cherry peppers.  Only thing that ruined it was they added A LOT of hot pepper extract (couldn't pinpoint which) but it made it way too spicy.  Got a good sweat out of it.  Nice and clean with friendly service.  I'll be back.
I purchased engineered hardwood flooring from these guys and underlayment.\nThe flooring prices were the best I could find. After I bought the underlayment though I found WAY better deals elsewhere.\nI recommend using them for flooring but not tools or accessories.
I'm not going to waste too much time critiquing a buffet.  This places satiates your hunger.  It tastes good, there's a vast variety of options, and it's at a good price.  Whats not to like?
This place sucks. Food overpriced and very bland. Better off just grabbing a muffin at Starbucks just up the escalator. Save your money for the drinks by the pool.
Very good.\nCant wait to go back and try other things on the menu\nThe only complaint is I wished the dishes came out faster but perfection takes time.
Just went there for nails before my wedding and they were great!!! Go check them out! Very nice and helped us in every way!
one word:  awesome!
Wasn't impressed with the quality of work that they did. I think her name was Marry, she was really awkward to talk to. I had my gel nails done here and she painted all over my cuticles. This was my first time visiting Pittsburgh and I'm really dissapointed
Fun to go sight seeing both during the day and at night. The bright lights at night are a beautiful sight too! Make sure you have comfy shoes on since you're going to be walking around a LOT and don't forget to hop from one hotel or casino to another for sight seeing and a little gambling. :)
First time. Nice people but the pepperoni pizza was extremely greasey and the wings were fried to a chisp and not very good.\noh well.
I've been here several times.  I've always had good service and food.   I also asked if something could be made with shrimp instead of chicken and they said they would do whatever I wanted.  Met the owner when it first opened, nice guy.  Will continue going back at this time.
Very good catering...something for everyone! I only gave 4 stars because the need to have a delivery option for catering. Overall everyone loved it.
Overpriced and underwhelming. Burger was mediocre and bland. Not sure what makes french fries dry, but they were dry and flaky...don't know how else to explain them!
Great place for inexpensive Sunday brunch. The food and service are top notch. If you are a beleiver in getting what you pay for you should be as impressed as I was at the level of service and quality of food for $20.
The meatballs are amazing. The entrees are great. Interesting, delicious cocktails. Nice atmosphere. The service was good and the staff friendly. It's a great place for a date night or just a satisfying, delicious dinner.
I wouldn't normally write a review for a place like UPS...but as it turns out, I go here all the time. It's right next to my house and the staff are so friendly and cool. They make shipping stuff a pleasant experience.
Great bread and fresh meats.  You'll never go to subway again.   The roast beef is awesome.  And they have a spicy horseradish to go with it.  The bread is definitely the draw though.  Sesame, muktigrain and everything.
Cool cinema. Very new and clean. All the films are in French. We saw Eat, Pray, Love aka Mange, Prie, Aime here. It was all good. I would definitely return here the next time I am in Montreal.
If I could give zero stars I would. Our server Gordon was doing a good job in fact he was the only one working while the other 5 people including the owner, stood around laughing and joking and one of the girls was on Facebook the whole time. We left after waiting over 23 minutes for our sandwich..
This is a small place, simple, not fancy, but clean.  The service is fast and the portions are large.  For me it is close to home and very convenient because the service is fast and the meals can be healthy. Try the spring rolls!
Loved this place!  Food presentation rivals any 5-star restaurant. Service was great and friendly.  Food was fresh and flavorful. Decor was hip and modern. Definitely worth a repeat.
Hubby and I decided to waste some time and play some slots until our next appointment.  I have not stayed at this hotel so I don't know what the rooms are like and I also have not eaten at any of the restaurants here.  Hotel was pretty and it served its purpose for us to stay out of the heat.
Cute, modern, coffee warehouse type cafe building. Good baristas and coffee. A great place to chill and enjoy a espresso with friends.
Two words. HOT and WOMEN.
I really enjoy eating the Gyros here.  They are huge and the fries are great.  The gyros are so stuffed that I have to take a few bites of the meat before I can close it up to eat.  The Chicago Dogs are also very good.
OK place. Fun food.
You get what you pay for.  It's cheap, yet very subpar compared to pizza joints in California.  No selection of condiments...no mercy.  The White Pizza is pretty good though.
There are breakfast places in the valley, then there is Over Easy. It is a cozy atmosphere, and the service is always very good. I really love most everything they have on their menu, however their corn beef and hash is so good! I have taken many with me to enjoy breakfast, and looking forward to future visits!
I gave them a two star only because I like the rad na bread and sauce ..the food was way too pricy considering the pineapple fried rice wasn't that good... It was okay but probably won't be coming back...
Food was great however the service was horrible. Took a good 10-15 mins for somebody to come take our drink order. Once we did get our food nobody bothered to come see if we needed a refill. Next time I'll just order for take out.
Food was poor for the price.  Service was slow.  Our waiter, Edward, was rude to us and acted as though everything we asked for was an imposition to him.  Will not return.
Only had breakfast. Food was good but probably not worth the price. Decor is fabulously whimisical. Service very good. It's pretty close to the pool and it was a nice place to have a nice meal while still in swimwear (and a coverup of course!)
I ordered my wedding cake here. My hubby and I chose marble and red velvet with Bavarian creme. We got a lot of compliments from our guests. Thank you Freed's for a beautiful and delicious cake.
Its Indian-American fusion restaurant.... Naans are good, chettinad chicken is just ok.. Dessert and appetizers are over prized ....
Service is great! But we went home hungry after spending almost $60! Very expensive and very small portions! Nothing special.
gina was a great sales person and very helpful. finding the store was annnoying with poor directional signage, but they said the city wont allow it.. but the store and staff was great, so were the delivery guys..
Very knowledgeable, but the mechanic I talked to made me feel like a real idiot.  They know their stuff but are fairly expensive for the work provided.  If you've got the extra cash go for them, but I will be shopping around in the future.
Lively terrasse that can accommodate large groups, loud rock music playing in the back, but not so great selection of beers, or other drinks for that matter. My friends and I came here to start our night off before our little pub crawl along St. Denis, which was fine and that's probably all I'd come here for.
I will never go back to this pei Wei again.\n\nEvery time I go I'm disappointed my noodles are sticky and soggy etc
Worst crepes I've had. Dessert crepes were cold and rubbery. Definitely not fresh. The ice cream had a bad taste. I would never eat here again.
Great place to stay, just wish it was on the strip. You must have a car to get around. The pools are nice, has a small deli on site. You can walk to south point for entertainment or  food .  We had a two bedroom, which is two one bedrooms with a lock off door.
We LOVE this place - it is a representative of Madison!  All locations are great, but our favorite is the East side location - we love to sit upstairs and look at the view.
Love this place! Francesca was very sweet! She teaches me something new about Vaping everytime I see her;) great customer service and she is very patient and sweet;) Thank you momma!!
Some bartenders are charismatic attentive, and make you feel welcone.  Others; like Wednesday's; at least tonite; are not. Horrible service and no attention, even when gaming at \"PT standards\" (i.e full hands continuous play). Last time.
Fantastic show that lived up to all the reviews I had read on here previous to going. All the performers were extremely impressive, and the gazillionaire had us all laughing hysterically. Highly recommended Vegas show.
I got a car wash here and paid for a supreme wash with was 27 dollars. When I received my car it was still dirty. It still had areas where you could tell it wasn't wiped where it still had a dry layer of dirt.
Been there three times now. Not a big fan for curry, but I guess this one works for me!
good breakfast burrito, not great but nice to have one opern 24hr near by...updated 11/13/12 they have gone downhill since opening.
I had the amazing butternut squash soup, well selected five piece cheese platter and sommelier's flight selection. They were all perfect. Saba's Mediterranean Cuisine has a great ambiance, and very friendly service. I fell in love with the chocolates which were recommended by our friendly server.
Very good pizza. Decent decor. Small. Good value. We used Groupon coupon, but regular prices were still decent.
The brunch plates were big and beautiful but we experienced very poor service (part of our meal was forgotten and our food arrived lukewarm). I'd probably give this place another chance...eventually.
I never eat sushi here\nbut i LOVE their spicy teriyaki chicken bowl\n\nLove it!
Went to the Deer Valley Center store....the worst! I ordered the Teriyaki beef and it was like chewing gum. All gristle and leather! NEVER AGAIN!
Not good nor bad. Personally inn & out burger is better as well as five guys. I wasn't all that impressed. There is nothin I hate more then eating super dry meat. And that's what this burger was, I don't think I'll go back well maybe to try the ice cream.
Just had a couple drinks & an appetizer but received good service and the snack was good. Decor was nice and atmosphere fine. Nothing to rave about but no real complaints either.
Great portion sizes and the service was very good!
Undecorated, bare block walls and concrete floor, echoing, droning acoustics and basement of a frat house feel.  The menu is sparse, boring, and the signature cocktails way over priced.  For a prime development like Bakery Square I expected much more.
Food was boring and the quality of Hometown Buffet. The price was ridiculously expensive. I will never come to this restaurant again.
The gelato is great, but the pizza was awful.  2nd worst I've ever had. The sauce tasted like very watered down tomato soup, I asked for extra cheese and got very little cheese at all, it was just terrible. They really should just stick to coffee and gelato.
I go here every Sunday for fresh brew iced coffee. I'm by no means a coffee snob but I love the coffee here.
Tried to have a romantic dinner at this place with m y wife. Food was great, but the service not so good. Rude wait staff. Maybe a Jersey thing?? but I'm from Jersey and wasn't feeling the love...
Delicious food! My husband and I both ordered a wrap, bison and turkey club. Very tasty and filling. My husband wasn't a huge fan of the jicama fries but I liked the tofu fries. The food was filling without making you feel stuffed. Can't wait to come back and try some juice out.
Great food, incredible service! The waiters are like magic. You never get below a half of the drink in your glass. High priced, small portions but amazing quality and flavor. Have to try at least once. Don't forget to try the chocolate desert!
The pizza is great, but the wings were awful. They give you sauce on the side instead of adding it to the wings..... What's up with that? The place also smells like it's not well cleaned.... It smells like lingering dirt.
It's not to bad but  it seems as if the stores are leaving. They just added a Rainbow\" store so don't count Metro out yet.
Sit at the sushi bar...you'll have a blast and have some good, creative samples if they're not too busy.  Overall the best quality sushi I've had in Phx.
Extremely authentic and delicious.  We had the jerk chicken and the chicken curry.  Spicy--but not overpowering.  Fresh ingredients.  Great, friendly service.  We'll definitely be back soon!
GREAT FOOD! I can stay on my diet! Fast service, you stand in line and they make the burrito or salad in front of you. Come before 12 noon, theres NEVER a line if we get there by 11:45!
My family and I have been to The Keg several times and have loved it every time. The food is excellent and the ambiance is nice while still being kid friendly. Our steaks were cooked perfectly and my daughter loves the burgers. Really love going here as a nice date night and highly recommend it.
Getting here early to avoid the long lines and crowds is probably a good idea. The breakfast sandwiches are tasty and the atmosphere is nice; pick a table to the side, grab your cup of coffee and start the people watching!
Definitely, good quick pizza. Inexpensive and filling!! Much different than the thin crust I'm used to but I still feel there are plenty of other pizza places to enjoy!\nI'm from Chicago, so I understand that everyone needs a different kind of pizza to keep them happy!
I picked up a roast beef ciabatta here, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.\n\nNot cheap $8, but probably not bad for airport prices.
Super tasty and super friendly wait staff. Also lots of vegetarian options on the HUGE menu! Great stuff. Ill be back for sure! Hard to find a tasty Indian restaurant around here and now I did!
Good for a few things, it is a dollar store so what do you expect.
Specializing in hangover-caliber diner food! If your car broke down here and you NEEDED to eat, this place will not let you down! The highlights begin and end at the swell lumberjack statue in front of the building.
Overrated and expensive with spotty service.
went there again yesterday, had a bit of a wait (which is nothing considering the amazing service) but after getting my haircut I was pleased to say my hair looks amazing once again thanks to Rosa
Pretty long wait, but its expected because its Vegas. The Turkey Wrap was good, I think the appetizers were a little greasy (chicken strips, artichoke dip, and egg rolls) and a little pricey. Service was good and the kids love the whole Rain Forest show.
I liked the concept of this place but wished the food taste better.
would not do again. Was sooooo disappointed in the food!!! I also expected a complementary mimosa or bloody Mary..but alas it was serve yourself at the bar OJ and tepid coffee. There was no table service..but they wanted you to tip...I don't get it.
Very good, although most of out you could make yourself at home. The oreo pancakes are always a hit.
I went to the toy box with my son and girl friend and all of us expected a lot more and it was very dark. All of us thought the prices where terrible what ever you do don't go there it is a waste of time.
Crappiest Chinese food ever. You call that fried rice?!?
Great place! A nice escape from the average Vegas scene. Come here for a nice walk, some ice cream and some great food!
Pretty much worst Italian ever. Calamari, seafood selection were terrible and even after we complained a out the lentil soup there was no action taken. Avoid this overpriced joint!
If you are looking for authentic Mexican food, make the trip.  This place is not in the best part of town and is not showy in anyway (hence the four stars), but the food is AMAZING!
Love this gym. Always clean, never super crowded, awesome staff. Never had any problems here. If you want to talk to an awesome manager, ask for Kevin. Awesome dude.
Want so bad to give this place a good review but I can't because if awful service. I agree about the good beer selection and food, but these people are so desperate to leave early that the waitress had to inform us 3 times that the kitchen closes in 20 mins. This all before saying hello.
A good location conveniently located off of 215 and Decatur. Store is laid out opposite of most Walmarts.
Should have read the reviews before coming here. Lied to me about the quality of the oil in my oil change. Wouldn't refund $10 to make it right.
We read the great reviews of Earl and decided to try it for lunch.  Both sandwiches were just ok.  My Philly steak sandwich had me wondering \"Where's the beef\".
I got my toes done 3 days ago there all ready chipping smh this place doses not take there time at all on beauty its just lets hurry up and push them out i herd one lady wanted a upper lip  wax the guy told her come back tomorrow wft is that about never again rude & loud service not relaxing what so ever!
Cant stand this place! Its always a mess and the cashiers are so pushy, then try and rush you out!
The pickles inside of the fresh sandwich was great, didn't have a strong flavor! Awesome!
This place is decent if you are in the area.  We ate here before a Penguins game and it satisfied our needs.  The appetizer with the tomato chutney and the bread was very delicious.   I recommend this appetizer if you do go there.
Fantastic place in a strip mall. Happy hour is excellent and the food was super tasty. Has a multitude of homemade cocktails!
It must be a Vegas thing, but you cannot beat a store that servers adult slurpies. The service is quick and you are on your way to explore the main drag with drink in hand. Keep your container and you will save a dollar or two on your refill. It is also a small way to save the planet.
nice decor, but over priced for something mediocre
I actually feel bad for people that think the tacos at Pinches Tacos are the best. Decent at best, nothing tasted special or excellent, it's average across the board.
We ordered the vegetable samosas, onion kulcha and tandori combination. The spinach paneer was amazing. Everything was cooked well and seasoned well.  Going back very soon!
I was starving and got a croissant.... for $4. )= \nBut it was damn tasty. Perfectly flakey with a slight sugar glaze on top.
Beers were great. $1 half pint special is great for sampling.  Pizza was above average, but it's always tough to judge a small pizza. Location is not great, but the actual restaurant/atmosphere was an A.
No yogurt options (most out of 10+ options weren't available) and the toppings were limited at best or stuck together and then they didn't even have a chocolate syrup topping.  Only good thing was that the cotton candy flavor was very delish.
The polish sausages and fries were definitely good. \n\nHowever, don't get the regular dogs (I believe the Chicago Dogs?), you might as well make it yourself!
Not only is he super nice, he also does great work. I took my bridesmaid dress to get altered and he did a great job. I could not even see any evidence that it was taken in. Fits perfectly and it only cost $30 bucks. I highly recommend! PS:Don't forget that he's cash only
This is simply a Holiday Inn in disguise- don't expect anything more (except the flat screen haha) and you will not be disappointed.
Horrible carry out service. Gave me wrong order, had to drive back to pick up correct order while rest of food got cold. They didn't even offer an apology. Will not go back. Try Tuscany for dinner much better food and service. How do you mess up spaghetti with meat sauce? Come on really?
The food was great the service was average. I ordered an appetizer a big salad and a meal all top notch. Everything was cooked properly and delicious I can't wait to be back.
Terrible service and terrible drinks!! Will NEVER go back!! Total waste of $200!! Ugh!!
I have tried so many times to give them a chance to make changes but it just seems to get worse each time! I will now drive out of my way instead of going back there! Save your money, frustrations and time go somewhere else!
One of those places where you can make their menu items vegan/vegetarian  by asking for changes.  This is not what I look for in a restaurant.
Had small Ceased salad and a white pizza.  The salad was good but some of the lettuce was wilted.  The white pizza , with tomatoes and basil was very good.  I found the crust to be soggy.  The pizza would be great if the crust were crispy. Too dough like.
I like the new stores and restaurants and there are still more to come.  The mall is a little small for so much land and I hope they expand further.  It is a step in the right direction though as they try to upgrade.
Dam shame, everyone feels like they have to price gouge you at the airport. $7 for a draft beer! Ridiculous.
Clean store, strong drinks and convenient location. Nothing negative to say about It's A Grind. I will stop by again for my iced Americano if I am in the area!
Always a good brunch location. Wish they'd open one in the east valley closer to where I live. Chocolate pancakes and eggs Benedict are my favorites here.
Service at the bar was good, food not so good.  My fault for ordering mashed potatoes at a Mexican restaurant.  Entree size very small for the price.
Great service, great food!  One dish was too spicy. They immediately took it back and fixed it. The Tom Ga Kai was very good. They have this rated with '$$' but the quality exceeded the price!
GREAT atmosphere! Couldn't ask for a better location just to hang out and have a glass of wine...AND talk to complete strangers! Truly enjoyed myself!
Nice resort overall.  1BD is very spacious though we didn't benefit using our kitchen as we would have since we didn't stay long.  We only used the fridge to keep our beverages cool.  Like that we are a short distance from all the hustle and bustle from The Strip.
Terrible food and service. The kitchen is SLOW. The food is luke warm at best. The only thing good is the Cider.
dont make the mistake I did and drive here. They are no longer at this address, but there is a number on the door to call. I never called just went to another florist.
After a year in Korea, the food was dang close to what I'm used to. There wasn't anything too off the wall, like I've experienced.
Great place! Greatest wings ever and fun atmosphere. I can't wait to go back and try the burgers.
Went for my first ever balloon ride with John at Apex and had a fabulous time!  My husband and brother also were along and had a great time as well. John was prompt, professional and fun.  Will definitely do it again and highly recommend using Apex.
This place never fails to impress me AND NO, I AM NOT A VEGETARIAN. Why do you ask?
One of the better Starbucks in Charlotte, great area to read and relax super good Wi-Fi friendly staff.
How can you go wrong with anything at Postino's! I went during lunch one day as it's not far from my office. I sat at the bar and had great service. I had the 4 choice bruscetta and everything came out quick and very tasty! I cannot wait to stop in again for lunch soon.
I'm from Boston & found this place when in Tempe...I'm in love!! The food is AMAZING. I've seriously considered vacationing in Arizona just so I can go back to this place (I'm not kidding). Even better they could open one in Boston!!
During my visit to CMU I stopped here for lunch. We waited in line for awhile before we were seated. When we were seated the table was messy and not wiped off. The food was ok, nothing special. Although it's cheap, I would recommend spending your money somewhere  else.
They have the best steak money can buy and the staff/service are fantastic.
Beet salad, all the nigiri, foie gras chawan-mushi was soooooo yummy! Great service too!
This place is riding off its reputation from the 90s. The food is disappointing, service is terrible, prices are way too high, I don't see why people would ever return. \n\nShop around to other places for a better experience. I would recommend hk star.
We purchased a hot water heater from them.  Best prices and very prompt customer service.  Our technician, Gerardo, was prompt, very friendly.  Quick installation  and very clean.  He did a great job.  We shopped around and they had the very best prices.  Would highly recommend them and their wonderful employees.
Great store - tastefully displayed items.
Great friendly Staff. Always a smile and coffee when we sit down. This is not fine dining but  just plain good food. Sunday brunch is well worth the price. (especially the garlic macaroni!) For a local strip mall place to eat, this is it!
It is expensive because, hey, it's Vegas. But for future reference, pick a hotel on the strip. Or at least a hotel that is kept up on a daily basis. Enough said.
Quick and pretty!! Mani for me, pedi for the BF. Both of us left happy!!
Clean and quite! Dont miss the long lines and craziness that you get at the other theaters in the Valley. UltraStar is our new favorite place for movies. Have heard great things about the StarClass theater, cant wait to try it out
Very good service very clean great shake they have breakfast crapes that look amazing and omelets look yummy.  price was good
The food at Pei Wei is very good, especially for the money spent; this restaurant lacks acoustics within the restaurant, very difficult to have a conversation. Con: tables are never cleaned and set up properly!  Food gets a FIVE; Cleanliness gets a ONE.
I have never given this low a rating before.  The food was served with middle parts cold!  The people at the next table had the same complaint.  The pulled chicken was chunks of thigh meat smeared with sauce.  The service was so so.  We'll never go back.
I should give this place another try.... but my first and only time there I walked out.  I have never walked out of a restaurant.  However, after the host sat us, no one came to our table for 15 minutes.  No water, no menu, nothing.  And it was not like they were all that busy.
Went there for the first time with my buddy. Ordered waffles & eggs for myself cause I love those things. It was great. Server was pleasant.
got vanilla with caramel salted something in a waffle cup. this is a crappy review because i can't remember the ice cream names but the outcome is amazing. go!\nboard games in the back.
The real deal, best I've had in Arizona hands down. Worth the drive up to Anthem, gotta try the buttermilk bars. Honestly.
The place is filthy looking, the Chicago dog was Ok and the fries are absolutely disgusting.
In and out within the hour. Nice staff. Kim saw me and seemed very knowledgeable & super caring.
We have used JJ's Rooter septic pumping service 2x now for our system, (about 16 years old), and have had nothing but great experiences!!\n\nThey are very professional, and knowledgeable about their trade.\nEven with me asking 1001 questions while he is trying to work.
Why did I not read today's reviews before going here
O M G the Stromboli and its half price after midnight!
I like this places good prices and the ppl are nice here there always something you want or might want to get just cuz
I got to give this place 1 star. Bad customer service and rude ass attitude. We got disrespected by the whole  entire staff. That kind of service is a NO NO. Will never come back to this place.....
This is great i got the roasted pork lechon belly omg delicous.. Amazing... So happy its right across the street
What an awesome place in Tempe!  The staff is super friendly and provides great service.  The food is great with a menu that has plenty of options for everyone :)
Excellent beef sandwiches a little to juicy but very good Chicago style Italian beef. Fries are good with there dipping sauce. Hot dogs are very good too. The cute girls aren't bad to look at either. I would share my hot dog with them and share my fries.
Happy hour, Monday's. Eddie's house is the place to be. Actually Happy Hour everyday, except Monday, 1/2 price glass of wine. Always an experience at Eddie's House, especially if you sit at the chefs counter to watch all the action in the kitchen. You may even get a special treat. Great place.
A basic Avis location at the airport.  The bus always takes to long to pick you up to bring you to the rental center, but so be it.  It is the same bus for all the rental companies so it is not like you have a choice.\n\nAvis cars were clean and all worked out well.
We went here on the recommendation of a friend, who told us it was the best Chicago-style pizza she had ever had outside of the Windy City, and she was right. It was delicious, with a fantastic combination of cheese, sauce and crust cooked to perfection. We'll definitely go back again!
Went there for drinks and were pricey.  Was a restaurant atmosphere.
Saving grace was the crepes. Meat was tough,  rubbery and somewhat flavorless, cake was dry.\n\nCrepes were awesome though. They saved the rating.
I usually love Ruths Chris, but this particular location was pretty ghetto.  It's in the center of a strip mall next to a Subway.  It's not what I expected.  The food was consistently good as always like all the other Ruths Chris locations I've been to.
i  am 1.7 miles away from store and out of their range for delivery 1.7 miles well now i will never order or eat from their again
I've been here and ordered the ribs. They're pretty good. Nothing really stand out. The red velvet cake is pretty good though.
Place way over priced
A great shop in Charlotte where you can get all your baby feeding, caring, and diapering needs. We attended a great cloth diaper class there. Great staff, great space, and good people. More here http://www.treeleavesoracle.org/baby/?p=1
Stopped by here on the way to the roller coaster in NYNY for some Raspberry Margaritas para llevar.  Drank them while we waited in line.   Great idea, definitely need to go double fisted as the line is semi-long.
Taco Tuesday begins usually after 4:00 PM. Also, they advertise 1 Dollar pints. The food difficult to rate because its hit or miss, the meat maybe tender or tough, dry or juicy. Good Luck Yelpers!
My friend and decided to eat at Roland's in the Strip District and thought why not go for their \"famous lobster rolls\" I was surprised how much YUMMY lobster was in the sandwich!   it's a definite must stop!
This place is horrible. First the front receptionist so freakin rude as hell. The room dirty as f&$k. Shut off the water without notify the guest. The sheets and blankets has cigarette burnt hole..filthy place.
Great local breakfast spot.  This location has a nice patio and friendly staff.  Good kids menu and tons of options.  One meal not on the menu, but you can order is the pancake  Works with 2 pancakes, 2 eggs and meat.
Groupon says on the Nut shell: Tea, fruit, and snacks accompany this relaxing foot rub and detox treatment, no such thing....
Gabe was awesome.  Honest and clean.  Fair pricing.
Best brewery I've been to in the United States! I like the fact that there was a wide variety of beer. Something for everybody. But it was also some of the best beer
If I could I would give them 6 stars. Awesome service and awesome food. The pizza, salad, drink deal is great. They are very helpful and very fast. They get busier every time I'm there which is good to see. If you're out this way, stop and get some fresh, fast pizza.
Wonderful service.  However their signature tri tip sandwich was dry and closer to leather than beef.  The full rack of St. Louis ribs was a fairly meager portion for the price.  The shoestring fries were great. Eat in the bar.  It's much more relaxed and less of a circus.
The customer service was awful in components! The salesperson shows me the item but walks away and answers me while he is still walking away. I guess if you're not building a high computer they don't care to help. Two stars because the selection is excellent. I will just be patient and order from tiger direct or Amazon.
Really good thin crust pizza. Everything is fresh and it's not super greasy. Their salads are also good too. This place does get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday nights but you can always order pizza to go in advance.
Finish your food. We left two pieces of rice on our plate and the manager saw it. When the waiter came back, he said that the manager said if we don't finish our food, they will charge us extra. What if we had dropped that rice on the floor and didn't want it anymore? Jerks!
Below average.. Too much fat in the meat, not enough bread to hold the meat making it difficult to actually eat the sandwich. Visited Montreal and thought this was a special place to check out, but now I simply can't recommend it.
This Lee's is smaller than others in the wine section as well as in the beer section. The staff like to sit and talk about what your buying and why your buying it witch is nice sometimes but often leads to long lines and the quick \"in and out\" stop now takes about 30 min.
Really neat scene for a resteraunt but everything is is separate on the menu so fries will cost you extra with the very expensive on tray.  Foods so so but not worth what you pay for it.
Great cheese steaks here, Satan Steak is a slam dunk every time- just make sure you buy a bottle of water to put out the fire!
It was eh ok.  The food could be better... I will be going to the Wynn now.
This place is awesome, service staff is great, food is not good, it's excellent. I eat here all the time, kids night on Tuesday, wing night on Monday and Sunday, Thursday is buy 1\nGet 1 apps, the girls that work here are adorable too!
You suck Holsteins! You have kids meal sizes and food is not really worth the price. I can go to McDonald's and get better milkshakes. I shall not be back.
The staff here makes you feel like you are family and at home! The owners come out and meet you too. Great atmosphere and energy! I have not tried there food yet but I have not hear one bad thing about this place. I love stopping by and getting a warm welcome from them!
Great sandwiches, great vibe. I stopped in today for the first time in a few years, had a great chat with the owners. The reuben sandwich had great flavor, the owners were friendly, and the place is fun, clean, and inviting. A great Scottsdale gem!
This review is limited to the lunch buffet. The food here is all pretty good, and for a buffet the quality of the food is fantastic. My server was friendly and kept the hot Naan coming. I will definitely be here for the dinner service and back for the lunch buffet sometime too. A great little place.
Pork belly buns and the See Yew are highlights. The curry is close second. If you aren't bringing a bottle of wine, get the iced tea- it's amazing!
Pretty damn cool! I felt like I stepped back to my childhood. Tons of sodas that you can't get here in Vegas. Alot of sodas from back east. Old style candys, some I have not seen in over 20 years. Gotta go there and check it out! They even have Frosty blue and Cheerwine.
This is my favorite lingerie shop anywhere.  Love their quality, sexy style, and clever ads.  Veronica is absolute doll who really takes time to make sure you *love* your selection, which is nice when you're dropping major $$$ on something that only you and a few other lucky people will ever see!
Ok Mexican food. I have had much better. The quesadillas are probably the best, but it is just a quesadilla.
The food is not good, and the service is really bad. They added the tips to the bill by themselves, which is very rude.
Fast, honest and friendly. Thank you guys!!! They came over to the shop next door to even give me a price when I was getting my oil changed. Every employee there was helpful and very friendly! Will be coming back and sending people here!
LOVE this place! Best Mediterranean food around, specials every day. Owners are extremely nice and generous. Recommend the chicken shawarma deal on thursdays! Comes with shawarma, side (fries, half hummus) and a drink for 5.95. What a steal.
I was visiting my cousin from New Jersey \nI was amazed by how authentic it was they even had Taylor ham. The bagels were very good similar to what I'm used to.
Loved the burgers and the onion rings were fabulous!  This place is a must visi if you are in the Phoenix area anytime soon!
I was underwhelmed by CUT and so were others in my party of 6.  Had better experiences in other steakhouses in Vegas.
Friendly staff with a large dinning section compared to a Egg Works.  The Cinnamon Roll French Toast was really good.  The Country Benedict was also really good however the eggs and hash browns were I felt average at best.  The pricing is on par for the service and quality of food.
Great customer service and the food was fantastic! Had the sopapilla sizzle which I highly recommend, the rice was amazing and had a ton of flavor.
Horrible Frozen hot choclate but great entrees
Well, looking at these reviews...i just wanna say...I am a Chinese, and my other Chinese friends and I love this buffet! I guess different people have different preference then...
A splendid meal at a fantastic price. If you're in the mood for delightful French cuisine, don't miss this place.
Slow as hell. - This store is super slow at getting an order completed. When I went to get my bed at the warehouse they didn't have the siderails for it. How do you have the headboard and footboard but no side rails. Ridiculous.
Two stars for the food, 5 stars for the bartenders and free popcorn. Sent the dog biscuit dry chicken back, got dry flavorless ribs in its stead. Don't eat here. But great place to come for drinks!
Excellent calamari and linguini but overpriced and with terrible service.  Won't be back.
only cheap other than too bad
If you don't mind the drive, this is a good place to watch a game.  Fair prices on tickets, food and drinks.  Not anything to do surrounding the ballpark like bars or restaurants.
Great quick service in a very clean establishment. I have brought donuts to my office at least a dozen times in the last year or two from this store and never been disappointed. They are extremely efficient.\n\nI'll keep coming back!
Excellent Thai food, especially when compared to other places around me. Fresh ingredients, everything seems homemade, not out of a jar. I did try the coconut ice cream, and although it did me in, it was delicious.
Friendly, clean. The best place in the valley for toes,fingers and more!
I was actually surprised with how good the service and Chinese chicken salad was at lunch. Far better than the CPKs back home in SoCal. Way to go Phx AZ !
Bad service edible pizza. Lazy staff got everything but chicken and crust wrong on my pizza! Duh
None better!  As a self proclaimed connoisseur of Thai food, this place rates among the best I've found.  Food, decor, service ... EXCELLENT!  Wish it were close to home.
The female bartender is extremely rude.  The customer next to me waited 10 minutes to even be greeted, and them he said \"ma'am\", and she turned her back to him and put her hand up.  I haven't even tried the food, but there is no excuse for poor customer service.
I took my husband here for breakfast for his birthday. It was very good! I had the huevos rancheros and the green chile pork was delicious! The rest of it was good too. My husband had bacon and eggs and he said it was good. The staff was friendly and we were served quickly. We'll definitely go again
Average Starbucks. Slow drive-thru and needed me to repeat my order three times.
Horrible experience; the father did both my pedi and fill made my cuticles bleed; he also was very rude! Not to mention the argument the owner and his wife had in the salon!!! I will never again waste my time or money at this place!
This place is so cool and great for the kids. Friendly family owned business. They also have a treasure dig in a fake sand pit.
Food was great as usual but waitress needs to find a job she enjoys. Avoid this place at all cost!!
Aira is amazing. Such a complete, wonderful experience. They have thought of everything, and you will be totally comfortable. There is endless fun things to do, and an amazing social atmosphere across all of the gaming and dining options. You must at least visit Aria while you're in Vegas, it's stunning.
Your basic Greek Diner with something on the menu for everyone.  For breakfast they have great Eggs Benedict. Overall good home cooked food at reasonable prices and filling portions.  Blue plates for lunch and dinner. Oh yeah and great service.
With so many decent taquerias in Chandler, differentiating isn't easy. But Senor Taco sets itself apart with tortilla-shell bowls (like a taco salad) and salsa bar that includes roasted peppers.
Very trendy bar.  Sports motif [obviously].  The food is decent, but overpriced.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  The bar section is pricey as well, but they do have a few pool tables if you like to shoot, and that area is very well laid out.
YES YES!  Do wish they brought back the jalapeno mashed potatoes! But every time they rock my world with the goto FISH TACO!!!!!
This Macy is HUGE with multi-levels and lots of stuff, but I just did not find anything that I would purchase.  Been here several times and nothing.  I maybe just love the Biltmore's Macy's more.  ???
If a mixture of boiled meats in one pot is your thing, this is the place for you. I did not like the lack of options, would have liked some grilled meat options
Probably one of the best Gyros I've had in Phoenix!  What is also great is you can order from their website, pay for it and have it ready for you when you get there!  (Great for those of us with 30 min lunches).
I love this place! The food is fabulous and the staff is incredible. They make you feel like part of the  family when you sit down to eat! I recommend the burgers, salads, Mac and cheese, pickle chips and of course the chicken! So fun and fresh!
One of the better cheap, casual indian restaurants.  Only complaint is their service is very iffy.  Sometimes we have a waiter who has to ask several times what we ordered and they even forget items you've ordered.  If the service was better, I'd be here more often.
I had a Cajun fish taco, white rice, and Cajun beans. This was the most bland fish taco I have ever had. Stick to Rubio's.
Really cool lights at the fair tonight look to the north and see such a delight.\nWell last night was the last day of the fair is closed it's gone now for next year but they will be the next fair in the spring.
We've been here many times; this time was different. We love the lobster club but unfortunately between the five of us we didn't care for the clubs or the sauces for the crispy calamari. The lobster was chewy, service sucked, and we were really disappointed after much anticipation.
I like them! They are professional. I only had my glasses picked up here--I used the Wexford for the exam (blame Groupon). The staff was quick and helpful to get me fitted into my glasses.
Very large portions, extremely reasonable prices. All is clean and fresh. Staff is kind of robotic but efficient. Interact accepted. Be warned: they close damn early at 9pm. Sharp!
We had excellent set of small plates at bar. Wonderful scallops, marinated yellowtail, steak on a hot Ockham and sake. Service was excellent. Everything came as ordered .  Best meal we had so far in a vegas and 60 dollars per person.
Not impressed with this place at all, I have been here several times on my way to the amc next door and it is just blah. I tried to dress it up with toppings but I ended up just throwing the whole thing away. The other time I sampled several different flavors and just wasn't feeling it.
I decided to try the resturant after passing by it a couple of time. The food was Long John Silver quality of food so it would have derserved 3 stars. The only issue is i have been sick for the last two days after the fried fish and oysters.
Staff is fantastic, food is great. The best place to watch a game and drink great beers with very good food.
Hipster Mecca. I don't get it. I worked next to D'Lish for a while. Went a couple times. Very expensive for a sandwich that is really nothing special with no side or drink. I'd rather spend my money down the street at DeFalco's any day.
I would not recommend anybody eat here. I used to eat here but the last time I went in I saw a cockroach on the counter. They need a health inspection.
I love this place! Haven't had anything yet that I didn't like. Service is always outstanding and the prices are very reasonable. It's my go to for Chinese. In fact when my parents visit it's their request on where to eat lol!
We have gone here about 5 times now and it's our new favorite sushi place. They have good prices, great sushi, good service,  no wait, and we're always very comfy there :)  I love the paradise roll!  The fish is very fresh too.
My fav place to eat. Great food and service, can't go wrong with anything here!
Cute place. Fun atmosphere. I had the MAC Burger. Which is their version of the Big MAC. Obviously much better though. The fries were fantastic! There was some trouble trying to make reservations for our large party. We ended up just showing up and waiting to grab a table. Other then that, It was a good experience.
The food is ok - not many tasty vegetarian options.  The ambience is bland, cold, and flat.  Plants, flowers, or paintings might add some much needed warmth.
Delivery until 3 AM! Sit down seating available. There is something for everyone on this menu. Good selection of vegetarian options. Try the house salad and the won tons! Not really Mexican food, more Mexican-inspired.
I had a donut on its last leg and a nail in another tire very little money, but they hooked me up and now I'm on my way, HAPPY! :-)
Eh, this place is just okay.  My partner is from NYC and was hopeful he'd found a place that could make a pastrami sandwich like he eats at home.  He was disappointed and my veggie chili was just okay too.  Not on my list of places to return...
You know that feeling, the one that feels like you could get mugged while walking through an airport?  Yeah that one.
Great place to eat seafood loved it, but beware their spicy Is spicy! My friends had a hard time with mild
Very dry, cake fell apart. Frosting a bit stale. I've now tried this place twice & won't go back.
Just classic old school Las Vegas fine dining and service. You feel important without being smothered. Excellent prepared quality food. Excellent service from *Mo.
Yummy! Hubby had pulled pork sandwich and regular fries. He was happy! I got jumbo wings with garlic Parmesan sauce and kettle chips. Yummy! Love their wings lots of meat and crisp.
Overpriced, but a great, swanky view of Las Vegas. Worth getting a drink and checking out, though.
Honest folks. Highly recommend. Been here a few times and they always provide quality service. No need to shop around.
I had the portabella sandwich and it was DELICIOOOOUS! Fries were very tasty too :) Love the cool, clean, and eclectic environment of course. Only thing I would change is I wish the lemonade was a bit more icey like the 5th st and camelback location.
Uniquely prepared and presented dishes with a European bent and an atmosphere to match, with efficient and friendly service. It is safe to say there is something for everyone here.
Grew up in southern California and use to love this place.  Was really disappointed with the food and especially the price.  I'm done.
Average, but generously sized meals.\nIt took about 35-40 minutes after ordering to receive our food.
Wow - bad reviews. We split the chicken. They split it for us and subbed for a second salad. Portions were huge. And it was flavourful. Waitress had an edge, but we liked it overall. They were open late, which was a plus.
Can't beat $2 for a any size latte on Wednesdays.  Small latte?  $2 please.  Medium latte?  $2 please!  Large latte?  $2 please!  You get the idea.  Hint:  I'd go with the large...
One of the best Thai food places I've eaten by far. The atmosphere is nothing to brag about and you can only seat about 20 people inside but the food is phenomenal! The pricing is cheap and they give you very good sized portions. Highly recommend! You won't be dissappointed.
More expensive than walmart, menards....\nNot really a \"Farm\" person. Went there when I got a coupon in the mail.
used to love this place...they changed the crab they used...which is more like a crab stick...makes the roll taste dry and flavorless. got a shrimp tempura roll not even sure if Shrimp was in it. will not return....
Atmosphere: B  (no music so created a abort of akward silence at times)\n\nService: A - very attentive and helpful\n\nFood: delicious!\n\nPrice: B (a bit high for portions but not a deal breaker)
They have a pretty nice buffet. I go for lunch usually. Good service. Reasonable prices. Good selection. All in all it's worth a try!
Good food.  Great beer.   But booo for not filling growlers.   What's the point of having an amazing beer selection and then not fill a growler???
Not the best food - sometimes very very loud which makes it hard to talk..one of those places you go to only once and never return to.
Gee whizz! This place has got to be joking. They just served me a mince and tatties microwaved ready meal. Absolutely staggering.\n\nWords fail me. Well, one springs to mind: avoid.
This place is closed. Not sure if its closed for renovations or something else. However, after looking at the Yelp reviews I am glad we didn't get to try this place. Must've been crappy. Wasted my time trying to look for it the other day.
Eloff is an awesome property manager. He's quick and on the ball to solve any issues that can arise. His follow-up and personable service is one-of-a-kind. I highly recommend him and his services.
This location is new, but the food is too salty and lacks flavor like the Chinatown location. Too bad since it's near my home, but not worth going to over Chinatown location.
Just got the tuna melt for lunch... Its amazeeeeee!
It's a Chipotle, but not as good.  Steak is not Carne Asada... by no means is this a Mexican place. Neither is Chipolte, but at least it's good. The thing that bumped it from one star though is fresh made tortillas and Coke in a bottle.
I have been to many pho restaurants. The pho soup here is average ($7+) and the spring roll are over priced ($5+ for three small ones). I will probably give it 4 stars if the food are more in line with the price but it isn't!
Wife and I were there about a month a go for our anniversary and let me tell you the food was great amazing service our waitress that day was Courtney and she was incredible nice really enjoy our time thanks for the great service we were there on 04 24 2014 thanks again for the great food and service
Great Food! The staff is very professional and courteous.  I always get the Filet Gyro and it is amazing every single!\n\nDefinitely a place to checkout if you have a craving for Greek Food!
Awesome BBQ.
I loved this place!  On a whim we decided to go last minute.  The architecture, artistry, and modern feel are dead on!  Loved the Loveless art studio & park with band.  The interaction with adults & children is what makes this so successful.
For Arizona, this place does a pretty good breakfast. The french toast is where it's at though...So when you go, you'll want the french toast. End of story.
Prompt and friendly service.  Food was no different from any other Subway I've visited.  Our only problem was that the AC was cranked so much that it was COLD inside the restaurant.
Just ate at the perch  for the first time . My husband had a burger which was good I had the shrimp citrus salad and it was not very good. The service was very slow I'll give this place one more chance maybe.
YUMMY! I recommend coming before or after the lunch rush because then you'll have to wait for a long time for a seat. Wicked spoon is one of those mandatory vegas food stops you must make for a complete experience!\n\nMacaroons are heavenly...
Deem light, very romantic.... Food is great, pricy but its Vegas so who cares. \nIt's not a lounge type restaurant \nI tried couple of their dishes- they were all good.
This Bashas used to look like every other typical grocery store, until the remodel.  It's pretty fancy looking now!  The covered screen parking is a nice perk during the scorching summer days, and it looks like they offer more \"natural\" type foods.
One of the most authentic Chinese establishments in Las Vegas. Take a sharp turn off of Spring Valley Rd. and head here instead, you will not be disappointed.
Love this place. I come here all the time and everything is great. You can tell the proprietors are really passionate about what they're doing here.
Nice hotel in terms of rooms and amenities.  Terrible service at every touchpoint.  It may have been due to CES, but it just seems too pervasive.
They'll pack & ship for you at a price. Everyone believes UPS Stores are the same as UPS, you're all wrong. They're here to make money and operate like drop off station. It's best to just go onto the Internet and print your own label, you'll save some cash and headaches.
Poor service and the steak was cooked wrong and full of gristle.  1st and last time there.
Wonderful place. Will definitely be back for more when I am in the area.
A great after work hangout, it gets pretty loud in there. Fine brewery has at times very good food, tvs, and service. I've been there so many times I've worn it out.
I was disappointed once I got seated. Food was ehh and the cleanliness was not good. Our server was new so the forgetting parts of our meal was explainable but she made it up by getting us to go drinks. I wouldn't come back again.
A little overpriced.  You can get literally twice the food for the same price at Oregano's and it's way better.  Pretty disappointed it didn't live up to the hype.  The sweet sauce was not that great either.  Tea was pretty good though.
I have never been dissapoInted while eating the MEXICAN food here. The food here  is cheap,, beyond delicious with extremely nice and good hearted employees. I love it here, definitely better than it's sub-par sister restaurant Serrano's owned by the same family.
Great service and clean establishment!
NOT the best place for vegans despite their Gardein products.
The food is good and the atmosphere is nice but it's a bit pricey for the amount of selections they have.
Never going back over priced burnt piece of crap with no sauce.
The food is usually very good however the service is terrible. You need to plan at least an hour for any meal.
Service wasn't as prompt as usual. Always friendly though. The lack of selection weighed my opinion on staying with pizza, but I settled cuz it's all good here!
....maybe the best deep dish pizza I've ever had.
Don't order from this place! SCAM they gave me the wrong pizza. I called to ask if I could get the right one, they said no and hung up. Really???
Horrible service and it took forever!!! Never going to use them again. I tried to like them because they were close to my house but now I will drive further to go to Danny's.
Good cheese burgers, cheap drinks. They have a water wheel!
Five Guys is Five Guys.  Simple, friendly, delicious, inexpensive.  Perfect for a quick burger and fries, and the staff is always friendly.
Excellent Indian food! Clean, friendly, great service, with attention to all the details. The Korma is the Gold in Marigold. Will be back again soon!
Dined here on a recent trip to Vegas.  Just walked in - no reservation - no problem!  We sat inside - it was too clammy outside for me.  Service was great, food was fabulous and the wine was divine!  Cant wait to go back.
Very OK! Food was cold and kinda bland. I guess if they are going for English fair, they nailed it. I wasn't impressed and wont be back. \n\nI will say our waitress was nice and the service was the only good part about that experience.
I cannot think of enough terrible things to say about their reservation system at this location.  I was a huge fan of Flemings and a very loyal customer, until now.  The complete lack of customer service and obvious practice of over booking reservations is beyond disappointing.  Looking forward to a nice dinner?  Bring your patience (and a snack).
This place is chocolate heaven. Went here on a winter night when visiting Montreal.  Everything from the chocolate and the ambience just hit it out of the park. I've been to another chocolate establishment in Montreal (The name of it is Shakespeare inspired, so I'll let you guess.) yet this place is so much better.
Updated to a 3-star for the prompt response from the restaurant manager who promised to look into the service we received that night, extended his apologies, as well as an invitation to try them out again... I look forward to taking up on his offer when I'm in LV next.
Who's the lame with the pathetic review about the dust on the light fixtures? Lmao, get a life. If you're in Vegas for dust on light fixtures, call mommy,  the bottle of milk is warm puto
One of our favorite spots.  The manager is very friendly and the staff is always helpful and attentive.  The fajitas are all we have ever ordered because they are so delicious and flavorful.   Such big portions as well.  We would definitely recommend to our friends and family.
food is decent but the wait time for two slices of pizza is obscene. they need to keep some basic slices pre-made during lunch at least, because the food is not so great to be worth a 20 minute wait. menu is varied but I feel like they might be overextending themselves at the expense of the quality of service.
I order it for my employees occasionally.  The pizza is what you expect, nothing better than OK.  They throw on an extra $1.50 for delivery charge and the drivers tell us that most goes directly to the managers pockets.  That Sucks.
Horrible customer service. Everytime I call I get the run around. I finally cancelled my  cable service with them after having so many billing mistakes and getting the feeling that no one cared about my problems.
I love this place! I've never been to a TJ's before and was so impressed with the customer service, quality food, and great prices. Favorites from here are jalepeno hummus, carne asada, wine selection, and fresh produce.
Get the pasta trio, you won't regret it.  Big heaping portions of fresh pasta delivered to your plate as soon as you have space available. Mmm.  And we went on a Saturday night with no reservations and we're seated in 5 minutes.
This place is great. The Bruges Burger was probably the best burger I've had. And the atmosphere is so quaint - exactly what you'd expect a Belgian brasserie to feel like. The service was impeccable.
I've eaten here twice. I don't get the devotion of folks to this chain. Yes, the burgers are delicious. However, the handmade, fresh fries have no flavor. The food takes a while to prepare. The restaurant is a bit stark.
After I read a couple of positive reviews for Mr. Lee's, I figured I would give him a try. And although his cutting methods were not was I was used to, he still did a fabulous job and was able to cut my hair in a style that suited me. I'll be back, Mr. Lee!
We didn't eat here. We waited a sec for a table in the rapidly emptying restaurant at 10:00 and they stuck us in a corner. Why pay for a view that you won't see? We left and went down to Mon Ami Gabi instead.
Came back to Vegas and had to pass by, this time I ordered the Pork BBQ. It was very tender and so yummy. Also had their leche flan, it was the bomb.
I come here for sporting events all the time. Arizona alumni club is here. The atmosphere is wonderful and food is good. I'm sad it's closing.
GREAT FOOD! This was my first time there and it was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. The people are nice and the ambiance is relaxing. If you want a great quality breakfast with fresh ingredients, this is the place to go.
What can I say, trying to do the whole foods route.  Sprouts makes a good starting spot, people are always friendly and ask you if they can help you.  They do have a wide range of produce and a nice bakery that make good breads.
Omg amazing. The yellowtail dish is to die for. The service is amazing. I love it here. I could literally live here.
Consistently good Happy Hour. Good burgers and drinks. The downside is how crowded it gets and that the happy hour is only good in the bar. It should be entire restaurant.
Worst customer experience ever, agree with all the other reviews!!  Gee, trend showing?  People that work there only care about their friends, not paying customers. Predict this place dead in 6 months. Miss the canteen.
It was ok. They were updating and still working on the pool area when we were here like a year ago. It took forever to get checked in and checked out even with a full staff. I liked it because there was a Fat Tuesday inside, daiquiri bar.
For my thirtieth birthday I decided to finally get my first tattoo. We contacted Holly and she was great. Walked me through the whole process and made it a very pleasant experience. She was friendly and everything was done in a very clean and sterile way. Can't wait to come back and add on to my first tattoo.
No no no! \n\nSave your time and money and go right across the street to direct. \n\nPrices at Hollywood are too high for the cheap products they are. 98% of products are NOT in factory sealed or labeled containers, who knows what they are putting in there.
Great place to stay, everybody that works here are friendly. Place looks great, cars are secure in the garage. close to the strip. Must stay here.
The service was nice and quick. There were a lot of little of children and the place was a bit loud at times. The food was fine. I got a chicken finger salad. I like their Royal burger as well. The fries could be cooked a little longer.
Love it! Cant wait to eat here again. The egg rolls were the best Ive ever had. Sweet and sour pork is my all time favorite! And when I got take out they put the pork seperate from the sauce so it didnt get soggy..Fried rice is good also.
Good food but ridiculous wait time! Do not go here if you are jn a hurry! Especially the drive thru! They do not seem too worried about you coming back again.
I am from California & this is the worst steak house. I will compared this to Sizzler Restaurant.
Ce restaurant de d\u00e9jeuners offre plusieurs choix sur son menu, ce qui rend tout le monde heureux \u00e0 chaque fois!
One of the lady service attitude was bad to us! And there are few choice to eat . The food taste so so, not good. The price is not deserve its service and food. Anyway, I just satisfied with that everything was cleaned.
The onion rings were amazing.  Crisply and thick.   The mac n' cheese was great too.  The creamed spinach was perfect.    I highly recommend you split a steak and get more sides.   Once again an amazing experience.
We tried to book a work event here. In 5 months they have gone through 3 different event managers- and nobody knows what the previous ones did. We had to renegotiate terms each time. It was almost laughable. After the 2nd one left, we just didn't feel like doing it again so we booked someplace else.
Right around the corner so it is unfortunate food is so poor.  Service was improved the last time but 3 bad experiences overall lead us to look elsewhere.
Was here in Vegas for a party and conference. Food was good and appetizers were superb. Service was not bad either. I still need to try the vodkas so will have it another time.
Great location! Love biking through here and stopped for drinks a few times. I have to say the service and some of the guests give off snobby vibes. Good wine list, have not tried the food. Live entertainment a plus. Feels like your on a beach vacation when you're here!
I grabbed a now Groupon and saw Jon... he is now my forever stylist. He designed a cut and color that made me look fabulous. He is witty funny and fantastic. I have never been happier with my hair! I would recommend him to anyone.
This place used to have the best wings in town.  NO longer.  They were barely warm, and bland tasting. The beer was flat and warm - what are these people thinking???  Wait staff was totally indifferent.  Don't bother coming here, unless you are looking to purge your colon.
Dark, Moody, and the mob! Fun place. Old Vegas. Piano player rocks. Food good. Great service. I would go every night if I could. Hint - there is no password to get in.  :-)
one stop shop for all things shipping, many other services available but I only needed to send something. Service was fast and helpful and when I called in because like a do do I lost my tracking info, Mike was able to pull up asap and even tracked it for me! You rly cant beat that,will be back for my holiday shipping.
You can't go wrong for a great casual Thai meal, and you can walk in!
I want to than Gina for taking great care of my friend and I. We had an issue w/ our bbg ribs & she jump on it right away! They are out favorite! She's awesome! Thank you again! :-)
I actually thought the prices were reasonable for Vegas and for the Wynn. The food is good and the service was fine (although there were exactly 4 parties in the place when I went) The Wynn is sort of isolated uptown but it is beautiful.
Great food! ESP bar b q\nWe had 4 sandwiches and the smashed garlic Parmesan potatoes \nReally well done\nhighly recommend
FOOD POISONING. Salad bar. Husband and I both within six hours of eating here, sick for 72 hours, missed work, N e v e r   A g a i n.
Went for a work event and wasn't let down. Brenda was super friendly and made sure we were taken care of. The bartenders weren't shy with the Crown Royal and deserved the huge tip we left on the bar. We'll be back many more times. I hear latin nights are the $#!+..
Left them a voicemail almost a week ago and never received a call back.
This museum is awesome! We took our 15 month old and we spent 2.5 hours just exploring and playing with the exhibits. It has a ton of variety for all ages. Some of the exhibits had missing props but that's to be expected with as much traffic as it gets. They do get field trips so beware.
5 Stars for Oyster Happy Hour. Best around and 7 days a week YUM!
Good food and really nice people! Thanks for going out of your way and making the fish sandwiches special for my aunt and grandma! They said they were really great and my brother really liked the Italian roast beef and sausage.
Great food and on the way home. Gets me in troble every time.
Yo, their store is awesome!  That dude, Richard, is da bomb! He hooked it up hardcore, mos def!
Don't leave Vegas without going to this dive....BBQ Ribs & Chicken (at the Brewery) are the best in town and cheap too (if you have your player's card)!!!
Terrible place, I don't like it at all! They won't help you and they have four times the staff of other stores like this in the area. Their pricing is 50% higher than other local ones.
My wife and I had breakfast here while staying at the Wigwam. The coffee was great. We both ordered omelets which were good sized and packed with ingredients. Very tasty and a good atmosphere.
Great pizza and even better environment to hang out and have a great time!  I'm a local and I am so happy to know that quality establishments are setting up shop in downtown!
I just hopped on their website to look at their beer selection.  $8 for a draft of Stone IPA????  Seriously?  I'll pass.
Big lines always 2 registers open an its laborDay weekend 15 min to buy 2 things !!! An how hard is it to do a price check at this store when the product is rite there REALLY!!!
Went here for the first time, and ordered a boba smoothie and it was horrible. The blender started to burn and they still made the smoothie and proceeded to bring it to me. When I received it, it had a horrible burnt taste and tasted the way a burning electrical wire smells like. Never going back!
Im only giving 3 stars because the food is good,  40 bucks for 2 salads and 1 sandwich and a piece of carrot cake seems steep.
Very over-priced and the owner is a bit of a dick. Overall, definitely not worth it. The spaetzel is pretty good though.
Room is very large, Good because it was within walking distance from the nearest station. Cospa cheaper than I've stayed in late June I thought also fee was very good.
WOW!!! Blown away !! Excellent food !! Definitely would come back . Thank you yelp for such a delicious lunch . Wonderful staff very Pleasant ! Great place to eat, and to top it off great prices! A++ highly recommended
Delicious food. Especially the fries but terrible service. Ruined the birthday dinner we went there for. Took forever to get extra plates, drinks, food, everything! Dont remember the last time ive had such poor service. Such a disappointment. Either they need new mgmt or mgmt needs to do something
Zerorez did an awesome job making my carpet look fresh and new.  The tech Brandon was super friendly, explained the process, and seemed to really enjoy his job.  Had only good things to say about the company.  They were just a few bucks more expensive than the competition, but totally worth it and I'll recommend them to anybody!
I was in Phoenix for business last month and stopped by.  The place smells terrible and the floors were sticky.  Food was average.  I would not recommend it.
If sushi is what you like, visit \"The Geish\" (What I like to call it). This is a great place to bring a date. The seared salmon special and Infused saki are my favorite. The vibe is very relaxed and intimate.
Two type of services they offer... Full service (interior and exterior) and exterior washing.  First visit and impress with service. Car is extremely clean with a extra fee to clean bugs out for $5.00 which is fine with me.. Will definitely come back to get my car clean again.. Thanks guys for the awesome job..
they took real good care of our Lucy cat...and were very professional and honest.  very small location, so don't be fooled or put off by the front.
This place is Arepa's heaven!! Everything was so delicious that can't even explain. Perfect flavors, the cilantro salsa a must try. We definitely will be back.
pricey, slow service and small portions. Better options close by.
This place was \"OK,\" but I probably wouldn't go back. Food was kind of low end Chinese although service and atmosphere were fine. Not really bad, just not good either.
For me the pizza is too expensive and and the flavors too exotic. For example, I tried the Pear & Gorgonzola pizza. It isn't bad, but I'm in no hurry to go back and order another. If you're in the area, I'd recommend going to Claim Jumpers instead.
Horrible Bartender at this place. Most people grab drinks before trying the menu, this guy behind the bar made me wanna skip the menu. Rude and unwelcoming were the first impressions. Angelo Sosa, get rid of this guy, your food deserves it. 2 stars for the food...zero for the bar.
French Fries with Mexican food LOL classic. Get the big fat chicken taco and you will be eating the best taco offered from Del Taco :) also the fries are rather good I was just messing around.
Absolutely wonderful,,
A little disappointed that their price for prime rib went up, but hey, it's still only 12 bucks! And worth every bite. Tender, juicy, and I never can eat all of it, so makes great leftovers.
It's good , but I don't think it's the best.  I would go back to eat here.
the workers are really nice and helpful and the plus is that they give you suggestions and advice with your purchases but as of clothes and what not, I'd rather go to forever 21 or i dont know like rue 21 for better quality and same price.
We have been travelling by boat and pulled onto Longueuil and were famished. This place was highly rated by several sites and locals. \nThe food and service were great. My wife had a great saumon tartar and I had the pasta special.
Definitely 5 star food and service. a little different than your \"typical\" Mexican Restaurant But you should try it, awesome food and friendly people.
Stopped for lunch with two friends. They had quiche and I had a tuna salad sandwich. All were very good.
God love em, they have tried. The casino still is under construction, the rooms still....well...from the 80s and the machines tight as bell but still cheap and a place to lay your head.
Food is really good! Yes the service is not so great and the kitchen is slow, but the prices good and I really enjoyed the ham hash especially with added jalape\u00f1o! I would  definitely go again. And they had there own jams, which are really good too!
It took 30 minutes to get a water; I didn't even notice if I enjoyed the food I ate because I was so pissed at the crappy service.  It smelled great, but I can enjoy that smell by walking by and avoid the headache.
Mediocre steak house. Pretentious service. Don't let them seat you upstairs. Many better choices in Vegas.
Food was delicious -- maybe some of the best sushi I have ever had -- prices were excellent as well -- will definitely come back!
Okay.  Not great.  No more or less expensive than any other place in the Strip I guess.  Service was pretty good though.
What a great variety. If you didn't enjoy your meal, then you ordered wrong. Ask more questions, be more specific, and you'll get just what you want. I look forward to our next visit. This isn't a high-end atmosphere, but the food is great and the ambiance is comfortable and casual.
This store has a great group of friendly guys working. Had a couple issues and they got me all taken care of. I truly won't go anywhere else to have my car serviced!
I'm sitting here now as they treat my kitten. They only do cats. They love cats and are very thorough. I'll continue to use them. Very friendly. Dr Nancy Moses was great.
Great food.  Good service.  Some of the younger employees aren't as friendly, but they try.  The food is affordable, tasty, and delivery is fast.  They are consistently good.
It's nice that they're in my neighborhood, but their pho is just so blah. I need flavor with my soup and noodles damn it. The rice they use is like bird seed too - I couldn't eat finish my meal.
Best BBQ I ever had! Don't miss out on the sweet potato casserole. Great service too!
Sometimes a place suffers from too high expectations.  This was that place for me. The pancakes had a great flavor but everything else was basically Dennys. The service was meh. Just didn't do it for me especially for the price. Just a casino coffee house.
First time here and I couldn't be happier. Great recommendations without being pushy about sales. Quick in and out service and super friendly guys. A+ service and experience!
I am totally a fan of Yardhouse! I find myself here pretty often.... they have a GREAT beer selection! Good food! And plenty of tv's to enjoy sports!
Ok, Elmer's isn't the BEST Mexican I've ever had but, it's damn good and for about $10 I stuffed myself silly. The food is very good quality and I'd definitely eat here again.
The server stepped on my foot while we were waiting to be seated. She acted as if she didn't feel anything. No apology at all!
Food was good. Girl taking order didn't pay attention to order and screwed it up. Cook yelled at her. \nFire that chick and it will be a 4
Delicious burger, lobster pot pie....excellent service. the best of all they let me in wearing hello kitty flip flops! Lol
This one is a no brainier. If you are in Uptown Charlotte and like great beer and great food, this is the place. Try the dry rubbed wings! This place hits on all cylinders.
I have been here twice and the food is not good. The pizza tastes like a frozen pizza and their spaghetti and meatballs tastes like a throwback to spaghettios. We were served room temperature coffee at the end of the meal which capped it off. I won't be going back anytime soon.
Not the best by far. I am going to stick to my location over at Camelback .
pizza dough was good but everything else was way too salty. Do they ever taste it before they serve foods?
Celeste did my hair (partial highlights and added $25 for lowlights) plus a cut and it turned out great! I ended up buying some shampoo and conditioner from her as well. I found Pico Madama from a Groupon I bought and I'm so glad!
Awesome weekend brunch, best bloody marys, wonderful staff & service. They have a really good happy hour during the week too. This is my \"Cheers.\"
Not very many nice restaurants at the terminal I was at. Slots are fun the whole place has that old casino staleness to it.  The car rental return is farther from the airport than the strip. So annoying to return your rental car and have to take a bus miles back to the airport.
Chuck Box, I love you. Are you perfect? No. Are you completely sanitary? Probably not. Do you conveniently take credit cards? Perish the thought. But you serve one helluva good burger. Give me a tijiuana torpedo and some jalapeno poppers and I'll forget all your flaws.
Their lechon is so good! It takes awhile to pick up but it's worth it! I'll eat here when I feel like getting some lechon
Just had a meeting here and it was great. Nice big cup of tea and a great environment. Too early for food but I'll definitely be back to try it out!
First time here the fresh pita was so very good.  The cucumber salad was great and the humus was amazing.  Very nice place to eat.
I love this place the food is amazing! My husband and I visit Ruth's Chris at least once a month and everytime we leave satisfied. The lobster bisque is yummmmy, my steak is always cooked perfectly. This place is well worth the money.
The service was very attentive, but the food was not good. \n\nThe foie gras was too chilled to the point of frozen and tasted terrible. I would not go back. It was expensive and we left hungry.
Pho is on point. Always come and never to crowded and never have to wait more then 5 mins to get your soup.
I went to Joanna to have my full face done of permanent makeup. I love it! She is so professional and really gave me the look I was trying to achieve. She has also helped me with my skin concerns and I get facials done on a regular basis with her. She is my esthetician for life!
Not bad,  not great. Nice atmosphere with kind and professional staff. Food? Typical bar food, nothing spectacular at all. Great place for older folks.
Absolutely wonderful addition to the North Scottsdale community!  The menu is expansive, food is top notch and honestly, the owner couldn't be nicer.  This is a true neighborhood restaurant and a great place to enjoy traditional deli fare and casual bar/grill food.  Another east coaster setting up shop in North Scottsdale and raising the bar!
The worst, the store manager is unprofessional and not very bright. He brings the whole establishment down. Never ever will I ever go back there. Disgusted!!!
Over the top service and very cool atmosphere!  \n\nI had a Volcano Roll and Love Affair roll.  Both my wife and I absolutely loved!  Best Sushi we have ever had in Vegas.  And we live here.
Very spicy food \nGood service nice atmosphere
It was an okay place to eat at. The restaurant was kind of small to me. Also, my friend got their food before me, so I had to wait and watch them eat before I got my food.
Yum!  We just moved to the area and were looking for a new Chinese take out - and we found a great one.  Their General Tso's chicken is delicious, yummy egg rolls and the dumplings were really tasty.  We'll be going back again.
good for the price. probably similar to Sai Bai tong for Thai food flavor, but more reasonably priced.
One star is one too many! Disgusting and gross. Low life hang out:/
Really fantastic family-owned Thai restaurant. Panang Curry and Pad Thai were great. Really fresh ingredients. Tom Yum and Tom Ka were fantastic as well.\n\nWould definitely stop in next time I'm on the west side of town.
Damn cute baby cloths. Great selection of stuff. Bit pricey but when you see you baby in the cloths it is worth it.
Yum yum yum!! No complaints! Food was fabulous and served hot and fresh! Service was very awesome!
I had some work done here and they were great. The pricing was right, the quality was there, and everyone seemed pretty professional. I will return for more and recommend this place to anyone looking for QUALITY work.
Not that fun during the day.  Long line, tiny place.  Packed with people that all smell in their swimsuits.  Eww.  No room to sit or dance.  Wet Republic is much better!  Or just hang out at the regular Veneitian pool, this \"pool party\" is wack!
Slow, slow, slow service. Sit down ahead of someone else and they get served before you???? Really? 40 minute+ wait for rice and beef? That's a no go!!!
Highly overpriced (even for Vegas!) for mediocre and uninspired fare with a pretentious bend.  The buffet a couple of doors down is much better!
Worst customer service. The dude doesn't even know where the guest are seated. Allotted our table twice to others while we are grabbing the food from buffet.
Jena is great.  Thoughtful and professional and can make you look like a million bucks for any occasion.
We just had 2 rooms tiled by Set-N-Stone.  Rich came to our house exactly when he said.  The work was done right on target.  The advise given was perfect.  The crew that came to our home were awesome.  They were respectful, neat, efficient and worked meticulously.  I would recommend this company without hesitation.
Overall a decent place. The atmosphere was better than the food. This would be a great place to watch sports, especially football on Sundays. I would go back again even though the food prices are higher than expected.
Run of the mill Irish bar, but with a friendly bartender and cheap shots. Most of the customers seemed pretty drunk. There are not many nighttime options in downtown Phoenix so this had to do.
Staff was very nice and my baby Pumpkin seemed to have enjoyed her stay. Next time I visit my family in Phoenix I will definitely use this facility again.
Bad service altogether
following up-- our neighbors went to nate's-- they tell me that their experience was worse than ours for the food! gawd-awful! it think this place just wants to be a dive bar. with cheap booze-- and it's not that cheap!
Great food and Great service! Love the foie gras I had!
This place is great. Low key, great beer, great food. Spicy Asiago Chicken is fantastic.
We LOVE the nachos with shrimp and scallops (nachos con mariscos). Around $10 and enough for two.  Plenty of seafood and spicy cheese.  The margaritas are just average, but the nachos are not to be missed.
CLOSED - Well, moving to Metrocenter in March - BOOOOOO, i don't want my car stolen.....
Good Restaurant. However, location is strange considering its surroundings. For example, taco bell and burger king.
Service lousy- ignored at door. Tuna app nothing special. \"Curry\" wasn't curry, nor was it particularly good. Save your money.
Standard wok place. My experience was that the udon noodles were mushy, there was hardly any chicken in my bowl and they have the fake syrup iced tea. The only two positives I've got are the fresh vegetables and the fast, friendly service. I won't likely go back.
My younger child took his first classes there this week. He had an absolute blast! Both instructors (both named Emily) were great with my child.
MJ managed to fit me in her schedule on Halloween day, and the spray tan was amazing! \nI avoided spray tans for a long time due to bad experiences, but now that I found this place I will definitely be back whenever I have a special occasion!\n Thanks so much, I recommend anyone in the area coming here!
Looks like fast food, but the place and food are so much more!  The burrito and tacos were EXCELLENT, as was the salsa/chili bar.  Prices were great, and the food was extremely fresh and tasty.
This museum really does house art you can get into! And, now that I saw all that was there, I am inspired to plant a plant on an old upside-down speaker, and then play some Black Sabbath through it...  :o
Lady behind the register yelled at me because she confused one number for another. Calm down, I graduated college, I understand numbers and I don't mumble. So rude.
Not at this location anymore. Website and phone down...out of business?
good food, great service.
This bank always has slow lines and broken machines, easy to get to ok customer service but could be better, I'm sure it's still better than most
Fun little yogurt shop but the per ounce price always seems a bit high here. The changing seasonal flavors are good and the toppings are most of what you would expect at this kind of yogurt place.
Customer service was less to be desired! Staff was filled with rude and impatient teenagers. Food is overpriced and the descriptions are somewhat off. Ordered a sub and recieved a flatbread sandwich. Better off at Subway, a lot more food for the same price.
I will make this Quick and simple. Really Healthy and great food. I have been to many places oversees and this was absolutely spot on in flavor and presentation! We will definately be going again.\n\nOh and i will say they absolutely have the best baklava  hands down in town in my opinion!
Very disappointed, especially after all the good reviews everyone seemed to give this place. The meatball sub was weak, the chowder tasted like it came out of a can, and the potato salad was so bad I couldn't finish more than the first bite.
I don't mind eating Mexican food in a bland strip mall, but El Patio also has very bland food - the only thing it has going for it is the drink specials for UNLV students. I'd rather go next door to Chipotle for tacos or a burrito.
Undercooked noodles in the spaghetti.\nThe meatballs in the spaghetti were bland and overcooked.\nThe wings were so small they had practically no meat on them. \nThe side salad came with shriveled greens and cucumbers that look rotten.
They serve Hooter's wings on their menu.  The wings were good, buttery and crispy.  The onion rings are hand battered, but the chef used the tough part of the onion which makes those larger rings inedible. The club sandwich was good.
Service is slow and the meals are uninspired. Please see the photo of the marinated Jindori chicken as takeout for $28. What a ripoff.  I am pissed just looking at the small size of it. There is less than a drumstick amount of chicken.
Wings are good, oysters are really good. The one thing I have always disliked about Hooters in the uncomfortable chairs and stools, I hate them.
Celeste was our server and she was the best, we had exceptional service, but the place had very few customers. we only had drinks and an app, it was good.
This place is very average.  Very nice decor and the menu is pretty good but the atmosphere is crapola. especially for a brewery.  Trying to be upscale but it really doesnt get there.  Not bad for lunch specials but overall this place is just average.
amazing subs!!!! kali mist all the way!!!! love love love!!!!!!!
I don't see what all the hype is about. It's literally just an over priced house section of target, urban outfitters and world market.
Although there is a variety of items, which I have tried multiple, including the chicken wrap, pizza, soups, etc. nothing has been memorable. The service is very slow and he staff is not great. Overall, it's ok, not sure I would return.
This place is awesome! My favorite lesbian bar in town!
Decent spot to get drink. Draft beers and Jack Daniels
Best local arts venue in Charlotte! Great supporter of love entertainment! Awesome stage and manager. Totally recommend! The drinks are fantastic!
Very friendly staff and great food. Bar far my favorite Korean spot in town.
Highs: quality food, good service, some decent happy hour prices \nLows: tiny portions at high prices
Went there today to get help with ordering unique, cute invites for my sister's baby shower!!  They had the cutest stuff!!!!  And Lydia, the owner was very helpful in making my \"vision\" a reality.  Great custom stuff!!!  Can't wait til my invites come in!!
Very dirty glasses... real turnoff. Food was just average. And in Scottsdale options for excellent food are abundant.  Will not return.
A little pricey but it doesn't get more \"natural\" than this. Great juice bar and cool stuff to buy if you're into super hardcore natural foods.
This Starbucks is teeny-tiny!\n\nSeating inside is VERY limited.  This is a Starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the Waterfront.\n\nBaristas are friendly and fast.
Good selection of weird creative sushi and smoothies. However their korean food is alright nothing too special
The decor, service and view are stunning and worth the trip to the restaurant. The bar/club area is not nearly as good in service. The food is good, but you can get food just as good at other restaurants for less money. I enjoyed the evening there, but would go back to other restaurants before this one.
Poor security overpriced drinks my friend was robbed here and seen the girl do it and told security and the bartender and they didn't do anything about it
Always a good spot. Been coming here almost 2 times a month. Can't beat the good service and the good vibes.
cooked food are ok. but the ingredients selection is not high quality. nice decor but services could be better. Got to try the fried bananas, which is the best thing I like in this japanese all u can eat restaurant!
Wonderful service!!! The 3 ladies who cleaned our house were so detailed and did not skimp on anything. They arrived on time and were so nice. My husband and I were so impressed with how clean our house was, and we will definitely be returning customers.
Boston Pizza feels like an over priced fast food restaurant that you can sit down to place your order rather then stand at a counter.  Which could account for the crowds.  They have a great selection with something for everyone however I am also not convinced that the food is made fresh.  It tastes like the kitchen sources the food from the freezer or a can.
So much fun!!  Great park and close proximity to all of the action--no matter where the seats.  And the food was awesome too.  Concessions were reasonable priced.  VERY FRIENDLY STAFF!!
Horrible! I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. The chicken was old & dry, the tortilla was stale and the buffalo sauce was like gelatin. My husband got the meatloaf sandwich which was mediocre at best. We both had to run to the bathroom almost immediately after though!! I will never go back.
Shrimp and grits, delicious ! Bob got seared scallop; he said awesome. Also, coconut cake. YUM
Love Sprinkles cupcakes, they are super yummy! But I wouldnt make the trek out to Scottsdale for a damn cupcake but I love their red velet and Peanut butter chip cupcake. They are expensive and you ae only paying for the name but at least they are still good.
Self serve frozen yogurt should take over the world. They swap out their machine flavours and have 1000s of possible combinations with their toppings. They even have cookies and crepes now. Perfect place for a first date or catching up with a friend, but watch the weight of your serving or you might get a nasty surprise.
good yogurt flavor options and toppings, fun 80's toys everywhere
Very basic theater. Seats are uncomfortable and sound quality isn't all that great.
BBQ was good - I had pulled pork sandwich 5$ and a good value,  something hard to find in a BBQ place - most places load you up with food and charge you for it
Convenience was what got this one 3 stars. The food was good, the prices were outrageous for anywhere else in the western hemisphere but down right cheap for Vegas, and it was convenient and open at all G*d awful hours that we were awake.
Great place! Best spin. Stephanie and Todd are my fav spin instructors. Candlelit yoga. Love. Cafe is awesome.
Everyone needs a picture next to the sign :)
Beautiful room and very good service.  The down side:  very noisy, very few value wines ($50 range), parmesan crackers that were stale, supermarket quality antipasto meats, supermarket quality lasagna, and a dry veal chip that tasted as if if were burnt.
I purchased the 365 card back in May. $20 to get a free doughnut every day for a year, what a deal! Today there was a sign saying that new management was taking over and they would no longer be accepting the 365 card effective October 1st. Boo! Not honoring your contract means you lose my business.
Love this store, the selection, the vibe , the staff - a great place for inexpensive unique gifts as well
This was a decent place to have a birthday dinner. The atmosphere is cool, a nice upscale steakhouse with leather bar stools and comfy booths The rose sangria was good, as was the filet mignon and key lime pie. Nice hot baguettes with good butter, too.
\"At the Rooooom Store!\"\n\nThe place isn't all that bad, but I can't stand the jingle.
This is one the best places to go if you don't like all the traffic on the strip. They have bowling and a Movie theater besides the normal casino things. There are a couple fair places to eat plus a huge food court. The gaming is your normal fair with all the games you could think of.
This was a great breakfast stop! A little out of the way of the Vegas congestion, but perfect stop on our way out of town. I had a waffle sandwich, consisting of a waffle folded in half, stuffed with fresh fruit and whipped cream. My husband had a peanut butter nutella waffle. Both were fabulous.
I had both my sons through doctors here. Neither births were positive experiences although my sons are happy and healthy. Pediatricians upstairs are grand. Obgyn, not so much.
The teppanyaki (steak & shrimp) was very good and our chef was a lot of fun but I really did not like the sushi. I actually thought it was my least favorite sushi in Vegas. The service was good, the staff attentive and friendly but I would not go here for sushi ever again.
Cool hotel on the south end of the strip, close to the newer hotels.  Decent prices
Food was great as always but it took forever to get it!
Good diner food, great people.  We love this place!
Had a small bites wedge salad. I thought that it was not going to fill me up but I was pleasantly surprised.  :) I'll be coming back later!!
The Phoenix airport experience is horrendous. This is my second time this year and likely my last. Understaffed, one person checking in cars at 6:30am, aloof indifferent staff. Awful. I get stressed each time I rent there. I won't put up with it anymore.
Saw they had some very seriously bad health code violations in mid 2011 - have not been back since - I'm just a stickler for that! My initial review still stands - however I probably would not return anytime soon....
The store is not dirty and its not in a scary part of town. The employees have always been very nice. You get a good value for your money.  This is my family's go-to pizza joint.
Tri-City Pool Service has serviced my pool for about a year.  Ty does an excellent job with my weekly service.  Ty is very professional and always provides great suggestions.  I have referred Ty to friends and family with great success.
My husband and I came for a date night. Looked amazing from the menu and the outside of the building. The service was okay, nothing special. We had 5 different wait staff members which was a bit crazy. The food was okay, sounded better on the menu though then in person. Would not go back-nothing special to it.
While it doesn't serve genuine Italian cuisine, Vinny Boy's is a good deli with great sandwiches.
This place is great. Definitely order the spicy hamachi appetizer. Sushi is some of the best I've had in a long time. Highly recommend.
My first experience was above and beyond! The owner was amazing! Super friendly service. Food is amazing. Can't wait to come back for more.
Are they still open for business?  I've tried coming by a couple times but the lights are off and the doors are locked during business hours.  Not sure.
Ordered the chicken red curry...delicious...great little thai place hiding in a dead strip mall.
Ehhh. Better go to Wendy's for a chicken sandwich. Order came out wrong... Twice. Food is mediocre at best, slopped together and thrown on a basket. Waste of money.
Wonderful experience. I avoid getting my haircut because it causes me a lot of stress. This visit was stress free. Tami listened to my concerns and gave me an excellent haircut. I will be back!
Amazing caramel cheesecake!  Oh and Try their sweet tarts. Owners really friendly. I su pastel de 3 leches is to die for!
Not much flavor. Nobody in restaurant during Sunday lunch. Incense burning at front door if you're allergic. Water tastes like tap water. Lady couldn't understand much English.  Ordered from a picture and it was nothing like shown. Too much ginger flavor in their sweet & sour sauce.  Won't be back unfortunately
Excellent service and an extensive menu. Great value in all ways.
If you are looking for ugly people, disgusting food and cheap alcohol, this is your spot.
It has a Lucky outlet which makes me happy.  Also, the Fossil outlet has a ton of good deals here all the time.  Parking is ample and accessible and the layout is easy to navigate.
Kelly has been doing my hair for some time now.  I love her, and HIGHLY recommend her.  She really knows color and styling.  She asks what works for your lifestyle and time, and knows how to work w/ all types of hair.  She's 5 stars in my book
Filthy store. The pumps are all tagged, beat u and dirty. The whole parkinglot was gross and filthy. There is no pride in this establishment.
Very busy location, but even so, we were in and out in about 45 minutes with no appt.
Cute cafe, seemed like a good lunch idea until it took 20 minutes to get our food. Seems like everyone in the hotel uses this place for takeout, so plan to wait a while for your food.
Hipster nonsense aside, the chocolate served in the gift shop is quite tasty and, contrary to the monstrous portions served at dinner, appropriately sized.
Great chinese food. Reasonable prices. Hip atmosphere. Sky has become a regular in our family dining out rotation.
Nice place just remember to bring cash. They don't take debit or credit cards...they just don't.  I enjoyed there apple tea boba.  Also for dine in only order potstickers get a second order of potstickers for free.
Cashier was very rude. Will not return to this location again. Stay away!
You get the usual subway service here. Nothing to write home about, although it can get unreasonably busy during lunch time. The Quiznoes down the street is a much quieter alternative and I find it to have better quality food.
Not much to look at inside, but the service was very good.  This is not the place to go for a hip, fancy breakfast, but what they do is serve up good ol diner breakfast nice and fast.  I came with my 3 and 5 year old and they very accommodating.  I would come back.
Nice hotel. Had a fridge in our room which is always good to keep out drinks cold! The pools were cool. The wave pool had the dj. Thought it was weird that they had wet t shirt and booty shaking contests with lil kids there. It should just be an adult pool.
They were cool the first time but i returned and there was a big guy that was very unhelpful and rude so i wont be back.
Very disappointing experience. Was excited about the potential of working with these guys given recommendations. Received a response to get a quote about 2 days after posting. Traded a few more notes to setup a time to review the yard. Never heard back about appointment time. No follow-up at all. I would not recommend.
Great!  Knowledgeable doctors have taken great care of all my dogs. They practice modern medicine and offer holistic options which was exactly the balance we were looking for in a vet.
Absolutely the BEST pizza I have had! Sal and the staff are awesome and friendly.
On a scale from one to ten, Matta's is 216.  They have exceptional cheese crisps, tacos, enchiladas, and chile rellenos.  The staff is extremely friendly, and the food is competivelly priced.  Matta's is by far the best Mexican Food restaurant I have ever eaten at.
Waited 45 minutes and still had no service. If you're a busy person, go to Great Clips across the street.
i love this place. i have been going here since before the moved it into the old church. the owners are nothing but sweethearts and the food is delicious and totally inexpensive. plus i just love the atmosphere.
I LOVE Cafe 8. They have an extensive GF menu and they even have decadent GF desserts. I have yet to order something I didn't like and they even do custom orders. They are really amazing.
Nothing says it's the holidays like a long wait so you can enjoy terrible service! Empty glasses on the table and service help that's too busy talking to each other does not equal a big tip!
had brisket sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. the brisket alone was great but with sauce really good added flavor.
I had Katie do my hair today and I am very picky about my hair I've been looking for a hairstylists for over a year. Lets just say the search is over. The prices here are also very reasonable.
I know their  might be a few choices in Vegas, and I might diss one later,but ended up craving morels cucumber martini( not a sign of a problem I hope! Satisfactiion supplied! Thx Shane!
Typical of this chain. Very dirty. They never seem to clean their facilities.
Customer service is severely lacking. I won't return here for any reason.
Best coffee yet on our vacation. Great filtered El Salvador and Connie likes her Mocha. They have the beans and the technology. Check this little cafe out!
For $15 for a coffee and a breakfast sandwich, one would expect not to receive a burnt sandwich. Terrible
They close at 7pm and it was around 6:15pm when I arrived. I wanted a fill and a pedicure and almost got turned around because of the time. Luckily for me I was able to get them done with satisfying ending results! I also like the stamp card method that they introduced for returning customers. Excellent place !
Business dinner and everyone went away happy. The She Crab soup was outstanding. Between the four of us we had the sea bass, steak and pork belly. We all loved the meal. The wine was nice and the pricing was fair. Very quite so we had plenty of opportunity to talk shop without being bothered.   Seems like a hidden gem in Charlotte.
This place is awesome!! We eat here EVERY weekend!! The creamy chipotle sauce is to die for!! Yummy tacos!! Yummy fajitas !! Yummy cheese enchiladas!!! They treat us like family !!!
Food allergies beware... \n\nNo salads are made fresh. Could not removed specified items from salad everything pre mixed. For the cost one would believe that could make this request happen.  \n\nJust disappointed.  Left hungry.
Really great service.  For some reason our server was held up and she gave us a free appetizer.  Drinks were very good and the meal was huge.  I hadn't had a lot to eat during the day and when I got my dinner, I managed to polish it off.  The atmosphere was really good.
Food was great!  The service not so much.  Took us over 20 minutes to get our food and no one checked on us after to make sure all was well. The area was a little dirty and disorganized. The sandwiches brought the rating up from 2 to 3 stars. Little TLC and easily a 4-5 star restaurant.
Cold food and  cheap night male.manager. You really that hard up for a 20 pc. Nuggets handing out only two packs of BBQ with NO napkinks. Ronalds been NOTIFIED
My girlfriend and I stayed here because it was the host hotel for our tournament.  Nothing went right.  We were not given the room we had reserved.  The staff was rude, our room was disgusting.  Hole in the \"popcorn\" ceiling, white stuff on a chair and yes it was what you were thinking.  Absolutely disgusting.
I love the food here. Fresh, flavorful and seasoned with lots of herbs. Lots of vegetarian and vegan choices. Fresh pressed juices and teas. Everything is well-balanced and prepared with loving care.\n\nBe sure to check the menu for the daily specials--it is sure to be good.
love the music and vibe, but shady ass bartenders. charged us $150 for a $50 bottle of moet. Totally uncool.
Ate here for the first time with my girlfriend. Food was mediocre at best, service was subpar.
With the warm and friendly staff and the thoughtful attention to detail, my experience at A Harmony was one of a kind. I am very happy about how my mani-pedi turned out too. I am very picky about how I like it done, and it is perfect!!
Mystere was a pretty good show, but I wasn't in awe or anything. Sure they did some crazy stunts, but it was a little boring at times. I wouldn't see this show again, but it was pretty entertaining.
Phone number goes to a fax machine!!!! And they don't post their hours...big pet peeve.
So happy to be able to delicious pies witbout chasing the truck around and its with short leash! Heaven!!!
The food speaks for itself! Love this place.
Great place for a busy and aged hotel; the nicest part is it's in open lobby with a waterfall and cute shops!
First time there\n\n WAS GREAT.  The waiter was great. It was great food.  I can not wait until I go back.  Must say food was a little slow coming out but, I was not in a hurry.  Still can not stop thinking about the food.  It was so good. Great family environment.   Great job guys.
Best steakhouse that I've been to so far in Vegas.  Blows away Bellagio and Palms steakhouse.
One of my favorite restaurants!  Love the Enchantment Platter. The Habenero burger is the hotest hamburger I have ever eaten.  Its awesome but beware!!!!
Just had breakfast here with some pals very enjoyable comfortable  space had the procitto goat cheese arugula omlette friendly service.
Great new place for pizza! Owner very friendly and helpful, offered us complimentary garlic knots with marinara sauce (yum).\nPizza slices are very tasty and made fresh. Oh and the slices are huuuge!! \nDid i mention amazing prices too?
Quicky breakfast. really an upscale denny's. Not spectacular but not awful either. Yeah they have pie.
Disappointing at best. Food cold. I sent mine back and they microwaved it I think. Unremarkable in every way except the overpricing. Boo.
The food there was okay. I had a salmon dish there. I don't eat beef so I can speak for their steak.
Delicious frozen yogurt, great toppings and friendly staff. Fat free = guilt free so whats not to love?
When it is blazing hot in Phoenix, get a ice cold beverage which they have lots of.  One block away from the office I work in when I go to Phoenix so it is pretty sweet.
Great food, great music, great atmosphere, great staff. Did I miss anything? I love the Ribeye, the Jalape\u00f1o Mac and Cheese is as good as it gets!
Very delicious food. I found this place in yelp with good rating, and they didnt dispointed me. The service is 5-star too. Best Thai food I've ever had.
Don't get kids meal with chicken nuggets!! Gross!! The workers are not friendly and the chicken you can plainly see are pre cooked in uncovered, undated containers in their cooler!!
Love this place. Friendly service, GREAT food, and really nice atmosphere. If you live in Elizabeth, walk over for dinner and then catch a movie at the Manner theatre. Also, try the Thai iced coffee. It's delicious.
Overpriced Water, nothing new at an airport. \nCaesar salad, not bad - mostly fresh lettuce. Soggy croutons. Airport to-go food.
Pretty atrocious. Really just a run down dump of a place.  I definitely would not ever go back here.  It's not expensive, but still seemed like a ripoff.  I am giving it 2 stars instead of one because of the 3D tunnel.  That was Really Cool!
We had dinner there and loved it!
Me and my girls waited nearly 2 hours so I had this idea that the food would be close to a great orgasm.................it was alright. I will say that their infamous frozen hot chocolate was pretty good.....but not worth that long ass wait though.
What can I say, its the \"WILL\".
The drinks are good, the food is ehhhh.
I really like the food here, but it's happened twice where I have ordered their breakfast burrito with no bacon, and it comes full of bacon. I'm a vegetarian, so getting a mouthful of bacon is really off-putting. Everything else is quite tasty!
Good bacon and pork. Was disappointed by the gumbo.  A little on the heavy side.
Great food and always friendly service.
Best Korean food I've ever had, and the service was excellent. I wish more places had as good service as Juns.
All I ordered was onion rings.  What I got was barely heated frozen cardboard.  I asked for the check - waiter did not ask what was wrong, disappeared.  Paid check with cash, walked out.
Greeted right as you walk in, service very friendly. Early Sunday  it is not crowded at all. I ordered the prickly pear sandwich and it was
Good mexican place on the strip. Chips and salsa were real good and hot. Their normal salsa is no joke.
This is where I buy most of my DJ equipment.  They price match online which is great, but only from authorized dealers which can be a pain sometimes.  This place has a huge selection and is the perfect store for any musician.  Located on the back side of Town Square.  Go check them out!
Another  1 a.m. Trip to to this joint for some Munchie food before some great action with the girl friend going to be great planning on rocking the Casbah
Cant smoke cigars on patio but can smoke cigarettes.  Makes loads of sense.  Wont be back.
The food is excellent, but grossly overpriced for what you get if you don't go for one of the weekday lunch specials. Friendly service, interesting decor, plus it's fun to check out the other shops The Dhaba shares its building with.
Great place! Staff is friendly in this family owned joint. I will be back. Make sure you try the short ribs. WOW! Amazing!
I ate breakfast at the Egg & I on Sahara in Las Vegas, NV on 11/23/2014.  I was my 1st time there.  There were seven of us.  Everyone had something different.  I had their western omelette.  This place is connected with Egg Works and has the same menu.  Plus, I took photos.
Great macarons! The salted caramel are awesome! We return again. Took some macarons to work everyone loved them!!!
Left me a bit blah. \n\nReally like the atmosphere.  Served was really great. \n\nIve never had a really good meat. This time the Salmon was a bit overcooked. \n\nFor food, there are better options.
The food was good but, this where they lose stars, the food was obviously prepared ahead of time, refrigerated, heated up and served. The value was good fed my whole family well. Again the \"leftover\" nature of the meal left me wanting to know what fresh product would have been.
Larry Lesser is a great property manager! His professional service and expertise in the industry are unsurpassed. I have happily referred several clients to Larry and will continue to do so in the future. Larry is a shining star in the world of property management. Other property management companies could learn from his quality of service and knowledge.
A favorite local breakfast spot. Good ingredients, good coffee and always friendly staff.
Overpriced with customer service that's pretty bad. \n\nThe car was fine, although they desperately tried to upsell us to more than we needed. \n\nIn their favor: return dropoff was easy and fast.
5 stars. 'Nuf said.
The slowest Starbucks in Vegas. Even if there's only one person in front of you they still somehow manage to take forever. Take my advice, Go to coffee bean or walk across the street to a different Starbucks. They have no idea what they're doing.
Awful. I have been a member here for 16 years. Each account incurs a $3 monthly charge. The service is awful. The phone wait times are awful. Closing my account as we speak.
The food presentation is not that impressive. There is a lot James Dean, Elvis and Marilyn Monroe chotskies, which makes it look like a diner instead of a breakfast place. No designated hostess, 2 registers, yet no one seems to know what is going on. Front of house management.....well, what FOH management?
The virtues of this place are simple: excellent carne asada, fantastic guacamole, great salsas, reasonably priced.  It is absolutely worth checking out if you haven't had the chance yet.  The owners are very friendly and seem to take a great deal of pride in the restaurant and their food.
This place is great! The staff does a phenomenal job, very fun and energetic atmosphere. Tam is by far my favorite of the ladies that work there, always happy and thorough in her work! Highly recommend this establishment!
I'm a St. Louis native, so when I say the T-ravs, pizza, and gooey butter cake are all excellent, I mean it.  One bartender was really nice,  April I think her name was.  One was kind of curt/mean, a tall  thin blonde lady.  Other than that, awesome place.
So good!
Majestic Cabinets refinished the cabinets in my entire house. They did an amazing job and the price was very reasonable as well. They were flexible as well when I changed my mind on color in the kitchen. They also have several other references that you can call that all recommend this company!!!!!
Went tonight for the second time in two months. The food is really good but their service is very slow. Be prepared to spend at least an hour waiting to get your food.
Stubbled across this place while walking around Scottsdale and was not disappointed. I got the Moroccan Turkey sandwich and was satisfied with my meal. The yogurt sauce and the grapes added a nice sweetness to the turkey sandwich. \nAtmosphere in this place is nice. A lot of students and young people lunching.
This place sucks!  I wish I could give it 0 stars.  It is so terrible that I am not going to waste any more of my time by writing a more detailed review.
Try the Hefe!
They have the most amazing customer service here! Although I know nothing about cars, each visit, they took the time to explain all the details about my car in a respectful way, unlike most places. They even provide very basic services like tire rotations and multipoint inspections for free ^^ The service is worth the wait.
Terrible service. Paid for express shipping only to get the wrong pair after 3 weeks of waiting. Still have not yet got my glasses.
This place is horrible. I waited more than 30 minutes to the supervisor say me they can't help....
Coffee was okay. Not all that fresh.  Service was also average. I think this place prides itself on being a vegan-friendly hemp coffee shop more than they pride themselves on serving good coffee.
never realy had to go here because i always shop at fry's but when i did it was for redbox or i used their moneygram service when i had a car payment to make if i was lazy and didn't send it by mail staff was pretty cool
Very good food and excellent personal service. I really enjoyed the vegetarian plate and Greek wine. This was my first visit but won't be my last.
Food is Excellent but the service is NOT! The gentleman taking the food orders acted like we were disturbing him.. Tried to give him the benefit of the doubt but this is the 3rd time we go and he's always beind rude and in a rush.
The only positive thing about Bonanno's is its availability after 2am.  Sadly, it's a pretty awful excuse for a pizzeria.  Even Sbarro's would have been more desirable.  Once again, dining by necessity.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
Nm
The servers here were very kind and the food inexpensive but good quality.  If you are ever in the area (perhaps that is a big IF) you should give this place a try...
I just cancelled my membership because they refused to change a channel on one of their 20 TVS to NBC for one hour. I really enjoyed working out on my lunch, but its back to getting up early and working out at home. Plus, they need better air circulation in that place. In the later hours, it gets really stinky!
Fantastic Bluebird Sandwich. Relax and casual dining.
The best chicken cheesesteaks ever!!!
I think this was the first post office I've ever been to where there wasn't a line and multiple people were working!
Great value, vibe and vegetarian choices. Skip pad Thai and go for the tacos. Great start although still working out the kinks with a big creative menu.
Came out today and hooked up entire home with OTA antenna. Very friendly and knowledgable. Great service, highly recommend!!  \n\nOver 70 local channels, plenty to choose from.
For $20 I feel I got ripped the fuck off. For a third of the price, I could have got two subs at jimmy johns. Whack. Dude took a $3 tip then spilled my soda. Oh. And dude also didn't bring me a fork, so I had to wash a fucking dish. Fuck that.
Loved this place Beatlesland
Overall a great dining experience.
Expensive ice cream here! Crazy expensive!
We liked coming here for breakfasts but now its like they down graded. Soggy bacon sitting in oil & the Portuguese sausage in oil not that much selection now. I'll have to give it a 2 1/2 stars... Will have to stick to the main street buffet
I got the pork chipotle and my wife got the smoked chicken enchilada. Mine was good, hers was great!
This place has got soooooo horrible. I can't wait for my kids to no longer like kfc. They just charged me $1.19 for 2 cups for water for my kids. I guess they want kids to have sugat drinks and get diabetes.
Great place to get some Eastern European products!  I have a major weak spot for Bulgarian Feta cheese and this is where I get my fix!  Max Market carries an array of items.  Too many things to list...  Shop was clean, staff is friendly, and the quality of products are good.  I'll be back... tomorrow actually!
Went here for lunch on our wedding anniversary. Had steak. It was a little on the salty side, but cooked well. There was nothing that really stood out about the restaurant other than that. I'd go back when I want a little more \"upscale\" meal.
I gave this place two chances and now I won't be back. The bagels are beyond bland and the breakfast sandwiches are so tiny. I would much rather go to Bruegger's Bagels.
Great shopping, with various restaurants for any palette.  Easy access from hotel and casino.  Family fun entertainment with a Greek Gods side show in the middle of shopping area.
It really wasn't that great.  Went for breakfast. It was dark and crowded. Nothing spectacular. You could get the same food at iHop for much cheaper.
I don't go anywhere else ... Castro has the  cleanest haircuts in town . hands down!!
A very busy place, which says a lot about their good beer and gourmet food selections. Priced reasonably, and staff was very courteous as well as attentive. I've tried their pastas, and pizzas mainly and all have been excellent.  Not the place to go with a date for a quiet candle lit dinner, however.
I was starving and ordered a ton of  food for me and my family. I rarely eat Chinese but found the entr\u00e9es bland and the brown rice bad. I'd try a different Chinese place before returning to jade palace.  I
Worst service ever.  Used to come all the time and can see why no one comes anymore.  40 minute wait for food to be served.  Ridiculous.
My husband and I came here for a date night and we were hugely impressed. Everything was exceptional, from the service, the food and the ambiance. The server was intelligent, friendly and very knowledgeable. Thee food was organic, fresh and full of flavor. I had wine, lamb, salad and desert and everything was delicious!
My kids love Plato's Closet and this location did not disappoint! It's fairly large which a huge selection of name brand clothing at very reasonable prices. We will definitely be back.
Great place! Zumba rocks here! Everyone is friendly, and the studio is located in a new and clean area.
food was great.  service was great.  walking thru Harrahs to get there was crowded and crappy and kindof ruined it.   expensive, probably won't go back.
Photography~ Pictures take almost 2 weeks to arrive for cd/pictures. Not able to view pics on iPhone/iPad. Good grief!
Had great service from Matt . enjoyed the buffet. Lots of choices. Shrimp was perfect & crab legs were excellent. Guarantee to recommend & come again!
Pretty amazing, i must say. Slices are huge, and tastes like it just came off a flight from NYC. Service is okay. A couple of the emp's aren't so nice. But overall, this pizza is definitely legitimate.
Across the street from my house so I go there a lot, the place isn't so busy which is good because the store isn't so big, the interior is nice and colorful, right next to chipotle.
horrible pizza, horrible delivery, no communication between store and driver, can't take an order for a delivery 4 blocks away, don't bother
Great food and great service! They were really nice and the food was good. They were very attentive and the seating arrangements were amazing
I was surprised to receive quite excellent service here. They were very helpful as I was applying for a passport. I visited here a number of times so far and have not had to wait in line too long--It is the norm that this place has three workers on their front counter when needful.\n\nFacility could be cleaner.
Worse lox I've ever had and cost an arm and leg.... I'll never get a lox from this deli again..
Arrived for a late snack/drinks (10:30pm) with a small party. Got seated outside and had pretty spotty service. No servers or any help around for 30 mins at a time.
The prices are higher then most gun stores. Also the gunsmith is rude.
Went there last night, great concept, good looking food ... Tasteless and bland.
Loooooove the menu! Who'da thunk crunchy peanut butter would work on a burger!?
This place is just your typical food court in a typical mall/shopping centre. It has a good selection and is located right in the heart of Edinburgh with great transport links just a few steps away.\n\nThere not much to say about it to be honest it really is just as it says, a food court.
Char is great! She is always professional and very patient. She also knows what she is doing. If you ask for her, you can't go wrong
Food was great, was a busy Friday night and food came quick. Waitress was nice but definitely felt like she didn't want to be there and was very rushed. Table next to us had the friendliest waitress tho so we'll try again!
I dont want to go out to eat and be forced to pay more for them to cook my food. Dumb idea. Maybe if no upcharge kind of cool but come on. Three times i have eaten here never been dying to go back. Decent decor and texas toast is good. Take a grillmaster with you.
Daniel is awesome.  I was so stressed that they would not have time to fix my phone because they were closing in 30 minutes after driving over 2 hours the said they would be able to.  Daniel was pleasant and I didn't feel rushed at all!!!
Stay as far away as possible. This place is a joke. Worst customer service I've ever dealt with. No one seems to know what's going on. No one feels it's there job to take responsibility, they always wanna pass the blame to everyone else. Avoid them at all cost!!!!!!
Ordered the sampler and got to try four different beers. Got a free beer cuz they couldn't do a tour when I asked to go on one. Great place to try different beers and improve palate
I really like this place. We come here pretty often and never really have a bad meal. Service is hit or miss, but we usually have a good time. My favorite dishes are the green pork burrito, whole fried fish and menudo. The salsa is good and spicy too.
If you have friends from out of town and you never want them to \nvisit vegas again take them to cheetahs where ugly girls\nroam. I even seen a stripper ride her bike home lol.\nthe trailor park of strip clubs in vegas for sure.
Love this place! The family is great and always welcoming. On pick up orders they usually give you a free bottle of water. The food is amazing, could be a little spicier but that's my opinion. \nThe lunch specials are fantastic!
Their Kahlua Pork was really good.  I brought it back to work and everyone who passed by my office asked what I was eating and where I got it from.  It's a pity they don't offer discounts to CSN Students and employees; they would make a killer!  I'm coming back!
I went here once.  It wasn't cheap, but the salmon dish I got here was worth every penny.  I also had the same thing catered once and it was also amazing.
This is my go to 24 hour open diner near Plaza Midwood. Sure they have lots of standard blue plate special's, but check out their breakfast too. When you walk in they have a impressive dessert cabinet. Try their several layer chocolate cake with coffee-- anytime, day or night!
Service was quick.  The place makes several pizzas and then throws your slice in for a quick reheat.  Because the crust is so thin it comes out cracker like after a re-heat.  The pizza was ok but I'd rather go up north to Ray's or a little farther west to Taste of Italy.
Very average.  The big eye app was not fresh.  The Kobe beef carpaccio was flavorless and seemed like it might have been seared.\n\nI left it at that before diving into a very overpriced steak
I would give no stars if allowed. Betty at checkout was extremely rude and abrasive. However manager working at the rear of store was helpful and gets the star here.
Was in Vegas for Bachelor party and we got quotes from various hook up's for a cabana here.\n\nWe got 5k for a cabana, and 10k minimum by the pool.\n\nThat includes food, drinks. . and your left testicle.
I have seen this show about five times with customers. It never seems to disappoint!  \n\nPersonally I believe this is one of the best cirque shows.
I never had an issue. The cashier was friendly.
Had a nice dinner. Food tasted good and service was good.
Fish is not fresh! Way better places in town.
Steer clear of this hotel.  Mediocre rooms but very unpleasant service - they do not honor reservation requests and have nothing but excuses. Bar is way overpriced.  There are MANY choices in Charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one.
Best lunch deal and freshest fish imaginable for an upscale restaurant. Awesome- a cant miss.
I wouldn't waste my time coming here when there's plenty of other better clubs in Vegas.  It was not horrible because I had fun, but I'd rather spend my clubbing experience elsewhere.
I placed an order at the beginning of the month and was suppose to receive it before Christmas. It hadn't arrived yet so I called customer support and they said it won't ship until January 23rd now.\n\nThis is a very poor way to run a company.
Slow service... Bartender got in an argument  with a guest about warm beer glasses, margarita was watery and took forever to come out. Guacamole tasted like it had mayo in it... Bring back Chinita!
When the stars make you drool\njust like a pasta fazool, that's amore!..\n\n\ntry their pork chops, freakin awesome!
Service rapide, restaurant propre, prix tr\u00e8s raisonnable et la nourriture est bonne
Place has been closed, and we have been waiting for this place to re open. Well we could have waited longer, food had no taste.
The food was good and the service good too.  Of course I asked for a Scotch and the waiter said they did not have it.  When I looked up they had a full bar and in that bar was a bottle of Johnny Walker Black.  Hmmm.  Why doesn't anyone seem to know what Scotch is?
Big selection of food! However, the foods are bland and definitely not fresh. The staff isn't attentive; no one has come to check up on us or even bothered to bring my water order. I doubt I'll be returning.
We came to Silverado Ranch Plaza looking for Nordstrom Rack only to find out that it moved. *shakes fist* We came here more as a consolation. Not one of the best Marshall's I have ever been to but I got a Columbia fleece hoodie thing and another workout top.
Not bad for a quick lunch before work.  I had the ribs and they were good! Which is more than I can say for the BBQ restaurants I have eaten at here in Las Vegas
I used a Groupon for my hair cut and Lexi did an awesome job on my hair and got me in and out in the time I needed.  Very profession.  The salon is also beautifully and colorfully decorated and I loved it.\n\nTotally awesome experience.  I felt so pretty when I left.
Decent chinese takeout. Coupon for 15% available from website.
Good sushi, open late.
Great coffees and chocolate. The staff is really nice but unfortunately they are not enough to take care of rush hours. I feel bad for them because when you go there and it is less busy they take good care of their customers.
This place is just incredible, all the World and AZ beers you can handle!! My only disappointment was the food was just ok, the tater tots were cooked just right though!
Lobby is not that impressive, but the rooms are. A Plasma TV. This shocked me. I was not expecting much out of this hotel.
Not horrible, but really not that great either.  Food was mediocre at best and not cheap.  Service was good.  \nI would only eat here again if everything else was full in Caesar's.
Not impressed at all. Esp for the price $10 for bowl. Broth tasted a bit old and noodles didn't taste as good as usual places. Monta is way better
The staff is friendly, the place is clean, very brightly lit (always a plus for me) and spacious. The atmosphere is a tad above most fast food joints. The food is good, not remarkable, and there doesn't seem to be much to set it apart from the food served in most decent to good fast food places.
Tom's attention to detail was the best. Finding the right house for the right price was difficult but Tom made it happen. He will be there for you when you need it and will see the entire process through from beginning to end.
I used to like this place...but lately they always screw up my order and the food isn't that impressive. There are other places that you can get better wings for cheaper.\n\nGo somewhere else. Not worth your time or money!
Temple's 1-year anniversary last Wednesday was great - all the regulars plus a ton of people that come from time to time.  It was a good time, crowded but not too much so (never an issue getting a drink - and those free beers until 8 kindof snuck up on me - dangerous mid-week!).
Cheap drinks. Friendly bartenders. Pool!
Here's the quick and dirty. I can see how some people may like it here. However if you've ever had a real crepe this place won't do it for you. The toppings are very standard although they have lots, it's all sweet or sweeter nothing really exciting or new happening here.
Cheap gambling and good fun
It's pretty boring, but at least it was something to do.
Pho Viet has quickly become one of my favorite spots to eat at. I love their pho the most, but their bahn mi is great too. Their mocha and taro boba are the best options in my opinion. Their service is also excellent. They have some of the most friendly servers in the business.
Always delicious all the time .Friendly and fast service even when it is really busy.!
great staff.  Great clean location loaded with fun stuff for the kids to do.  I was nervous about living my 18 mth old anywhere but Daydreams has been great for appts or running errands.
Perhaps my expectations were too high but this hotel didn't surprise me. The lighting in the rooms are really bad, had to figure out how to turn on and off the lights in multiple areas. I have stayed in a few better hotels in Vegas
Beautiful place! Beds are great. But worst customer service. Only stayed here two times.  My wedding night and my sister in laws engagement party.  Slow service and rude workers. Too expensive for the horrible service.
Food was average at best when you consider the price.  Our table had a broken leg being held up by a plate and portions of food were extremely small
Nice place and a good activity for kids. Though be advised that rock climbing is the only thing you can do once you get there. Also, be aware that you will need a buddy to hold your rope. I was going to take three kids by myself and luckily that did not happen.
Would've been 5 Stars but they don't have a pool lift.\n\nA very cool space, nice staff, good food and drinks. All of this made for a couple of nice relaxing afternoons sunning by the Pool.
Excellent food, great beers, unique atmosphere... that pretty much sums it up. Definitely worth the visit.
Great place!  Went in around midnight on a Friday and it was nearly empty, which worried me a little bit.  Sat at the bar and ordered the dragon roll and the spicy pork tacos.  Everything was fantastic!  Great service and a cool looking restaurant.  And they are very reasonably priced.  I'll definitely be going back.
Excellent service et repas sant\u00e9. Ambiance d\u00e9contract\u00e9e. Bien h\u00e2te de profiter de la terrasse
Love the staff,but when I'm craving something special that they only make here.when I get here they don't have it.im very disapointed.
My boyfriend and I are new to the area.  We were looking for a good and affordable salon. Found Cutting Image on Yelp and thought we'd try it out. We had a great service and consultation. They made us feel like they knew us and what we wanted. I can't wait for my next appointment.
I think the dim sum was pretty good but their service was alright.  for some reason they seemed pissed off when they were pushing the dim sum cart.....
Excellent customer service, quality work...very competitive pricing. I would recommend this place to anybody!
I just checked in a a couple of hours and i want to check out. Im used to customer service and from the bell stand, front desk and housekeeping its the worse...smh...
I've never seen this place open. It's always closed whenever I venture along. My friends keep recommending it to me, they must have a special key or be playing an extremely elaborate joke on me. Can anyone update us on the situation?
P.S- HAAAPPYY HOUR starts at noon on Sundays till late in the evening...\n\ngo get your happy on!
Just tried the pho. its good.
Get the hotwings and garlic balls. If you like classic hotwings get mild sauce. The pizza is good as well. They have a pickup special a 16 inch pizza one topping for 8 bucks. But seriously, just get the wings and be happy.
Took my daughters there for girls day out.  The decore is ok; I wish I could say the same thing for the food and or the service.   My daughters are grown with their own families;  none of us will be returning.
Every store you could ever want is here: Nordstrom's, Macy's, Michael Kors, Ted Baker, Ann Taylor, Kenneth Cole, Kate Spade, Jimmy Choo, Williams Sonoma and tons more!
I have been to this Outback about three times and the last two times have been bad.  Today the food was cold and they forgot to put tomatoes on my chicken sandwich. It also took 40 minutes for the food to be cooked.  This place is not recommended to people who like somewhat quick warm food.
Worst experience I ever had. Tried to force services that I did not want. Major attitude when I refused. My nails was not shaped and my fingers were sore from the technician digging for cuticles. Think twice before going here. Wish I could give a -5 star rating.
We have been coming here weekly for years and now they have ruined the whole atmosphere!\nIf I want to dodge traffic going to dinner, I would goto to Town Square!\nThe District was great as it was.
Food was good as usual , love the pumpkin bread.\nwaiter service was great very nice and helpful\nThe Booths in total disrepair im sure original from the last 15 yrs and need new ones.
Small family restaurant really nice people great service good size portions food was good not great didn't have everything on the menu no big deal for me, the salsa was really good plus had a raspado on my way out which was really good nice little spot for lunch
Good service. Good food. I've never had bad service at this Olive Garden location.
Fairly new brewery. Hopefully, a larger selection of beer to come. But burgers were amazing. The manager is very friendly and stopped by our table to personally welcome us.
Excellent food, el chaufa de mariscos Muy Bueno y la picadera buena seleccion para la entrada!!!!
Great Sunday brunch. Excellent breakfast, excellent dinner. Trendy, yet quality food. I like this place.
Fast, friendly service. Clean establishment and tasty goods.
Good beer. Average food. Horrible service. Ownership seems uninterested in overall experience.
Meg in the bar rules she is why we would return burger and beers were amazing
The ONLY spot to get the real deal Montana Cans. Thank you Just Blazed for the quality products and experienced staff.
One month later and the experience was much improved.  We were greeted and seated quickly as we entered. The service was quick and courteous.
It saddens me to post this. I've attached a picture of my eyes. Do NOT get a wax here. This is after 2 days.
We checked this place out with a groupon deal. I would return and pay full price. The food was great and so was the service. I ordered the pasta primavera and my husband ordered the chicken Marsala. Both were delicious! There was an issue with my order and it was solved quickly.
Food was terrible and service was even worse.  We will not be back....there is a reason this place is going down the tubes.
This is a decent place for fast-food Chinese. They have good and cheap hot and sour soup that I always get. Get here when the food is fresh and it's awesome! Inexpensive prices and very friendly staff :)
Good food and great experience ! Kinda expected more out of the drink. Had a strawberry margarita .. Maybe just an off day but that's okay. I'll still be back. !
Kiva Han makes one of the best chai tea lattes I've had. Really flavorful & not watered-down!
Pathetic portion sizes with poor flavour, not worth the money. So many better Indian options in the city
Great place for a quick bite at a reasonable price. Very fast service too!
Amazing Asian food! I love the curry noodles with tofu most but the orange chicken is amazing! The owner is really friendly and the food is consistently good!
Great place to chill and have some beer/wine, the selection of beers is extensive. They have live music usually on the weekends with some awesome local talent. If you are in the neighborhood it is definitely worth checking out.
The Garlic Parmesan wings are delicious! Good price for satisfying (and rather larger portions of) food! It's a must-eat in Pittsburgh. Only thing is that some of the workers pronounce \"gyros\" wrong... Really made me cringe.
Best sushi I've ever had in my life. Portions are small for the price but it is beyond worth it for the quality.
The food was great, the bengiets were absolutely fantastic and made to order! And the service was fast and very friendly. This place was so good that I went twice in one week.
Extremely disorganized and unprofessional place!  If you have time to waste this is your place.
Si vous aimez jouer aux \u00e9checs c'est la place ! Sinon, y'a du caf\u00e9/th\u00e9 \u00e9quitable et le wifi est gratuit !
Fantastic pizza and chicken wings.  Service can be spotty and the bar area can get really smokey with drunk tourists smoking cigars.  Still, it's darn good.
You know when your mother tells you if you have nothing good to say about a place you should probably say nothing at all?
I had a really good facial. My girl was very informative and professional. I would suggest updating the staff info on the website, as I couldn't find her so I can't give a specific name.
She was ok at first but now not so good
I love Red Devil! It's casual with great food and amazing service. Try more than their pizza... The wings, fried zucchini, and pasta is all good. Can't find anything I dislike about this place!
Long line, decent food. Highlight of the buffet is definitely their chocolate fountain and cotton candy machine. Also, they have really nice waiters. \n\nIf the line wasn't so long, I would come back. It's not worth the wait though.
Staff was very busy.  Food was okay.  Would not go here on purpose.
Showed up at 1:29 tonight. Left the wine festival, the girl working the window said they close at 1:30. Made no accommodations- so disappointing
This Costco is for the restaurant owner, not the casual household shopper.
They put the grr in gross.. I would give 0 stars if possible. Enter at your own risk!
I'm not a sushi expert, but everything about this place is great.  The setting, design, service, food.  Everything is as it should be.  Priced fair in my opinion.  My favorite place in town.
The girl doing the seating was rude and aggresive. I ordered eggs over medium and they came super runny. Italian sausage was loaded with pepper. Very expensive
Came here for breakfast had the eggs benedict, breakfast burrito and iced latte.  All were very tasty.  Looking forward to trying the quiche.  Hope it stays open, the signage isn't very visible.
I love the location and atmosphere of this place. It's dark inside with a dive bar feel and a huge open outside with plenty of misters to stay cool. My favorite item on the menu is the Rockefeller Oysters! It takes about 30 minutes to get them but they are worth the wait! They also have a full bar!
Went here every day for breakfast. The omelette has 8-10 eggs in it! The hash browns are the best I've ever had in my life. Drinks are served in pint glasses (large). Service is brilliant.
yum, yum! Im a fan.  Big portions, not enough room in my stomach, I will visit again. Besides the food being tasty, the services was spectacular.  :)
I walked past a few time, then finally one late afternoon a week ago, we stopped by for 4 tapas, shared by three, with Sangria. fine food and service, will be back to try more from the menu
Good pasta dishes great atmosphere and delicious butter cake!!
Always friendly, Call ahead and they've got it waiting.  I wish they could just know by my # what I always order.
it was ok..
This is the only place that I will buy Pad Thai. The Chicken Pad Thai is fantastic. I have tried it at several different places, even authentic thai places and some come close, but in my opinion, Pei Wei's is the best.
We tried it and liked it.  I thought it was better than most!  Traditional Mexican food and plenty of seafood options - or at least more than most.  It's always crowded and was recommended to us by an Arrowhead resident.
This is easily the best sushi I've found out here. My wife and I frequently visit and are never disappointed. The service is excellent and the sushi is well-prepared and tastes great! You really can't go wrong here.
No hot water today.
Cheap, whole in the wall place.  Food was ok.  Not worth returning to.  It's good for all the businesses around that area in what appears to be food desert.  I just wouldn't go out of your way to go there.  \n\nThe restaurant was clean and the people were nice.
Veeeeery slow service in the office. Wasted my time waiting in line. I was relieved to see a short line but dang, an hour later and i was still in line... My precious time wasted. :(
I wouldn't use the verb \"great\" to describe this motel. Sheets were stained and had tiny holes in them. There was no mattress cover so any movement I made was followed but the loud crinkling of plastic or whatever was covering the mattress. Needless to say, I barely slept.
I like to call this place Corner Inconsistent. The food always tastes great, but it is often not quite what you ordered, and rarely the same from visit to visit.
Was good the bread fresh corn beef was good. Would rather have sauerkraut  than the coleslaw. Be prepared you have to get the fries and coleslaw on your sandwich even if you don't like it. Would go back if ablock away but wouldn't  go cross city for it.
First time here. Double cheese and a malt. Both tasty and service was great.
2 hour wait, no real lines, promoters give u false promises of escorting you in, had to bribe the bouncer to let us in, they lied about celebrity guests that were supposed to be there, all the workers were assholes, will never go to again
Overpriced and not a lot of flavor.  The meat didn't even taste like it had salt on it.
This is one of my favorite places to eat for a fast and yummy meal.  Sometimes the staff is a little awkward but for the most part they are nice and you can't beat the food.
Amazing restaurant with amazing service!  Jjango is one of the chefs and he is incredible!  We used to frequent Oyshi but due to their poor service we tried out Sumo Sushi 2 on two friends referral and it was the best switch we ever made!
I love the beyooonnnnddddd section ;)\nI am seriously going to sneak into one of their beautiful bed displays and take a nap.
I think there is a lot better food to be had in Charlotte. \n\nThis place definitely has a romantic vibe going; its just that the food is not that good. Wasn't memorable, exciting or impressive. \n\nWould pass up in favor of something better.
Gets three stars because of the service and the view. Both of which are great. The prices are way too high for the quality of the food that you get. I work near East Los and this place would shut down after two weeks there.
Maybe an off day, but the cooks need to learn how to cook. French fries are stale, burger undercooked.
I eat here at least once a week. Great place quick and healthy lunch. The people are friendly and the food is made fresh the way I like it.
The food was fresh and quit good.  I'll go back.  Although I think it's expensive for what you get.
Please please go out of business asap. and stop employing your relatives. they have real issues and no customer serivce skills whatsoever
I've the all you can eat sushi at oyshi.  This location is just as yummy as the location on Rainbow.  I recommend that you sit at the sushi bar for the best experience.  This is a great way to get good recommendations from the sushi chefs.
Chips and salsa were good.
We were just passing through and found this great place for a nice breakfast. Great location, great service, great staff...I would recommend checking it out! Also, they were very pet friendly and treated our dog with as much care as any other customer. We really appreciated it!
What a nice place to hang out. Their remodels reduced none of the charm, and improved their service. Do yourself a favor and camp out when you go; it's comfy like a couch.
My carne asada torta was terrible. The meat marinade made it seem store bought and it was so tough I could barely eat it. Was hoping for an authentic west side Mexican spot. Um...you better fix it guys, cause that meal sucked.
I was cheated when I returned a pani puri packet(because it was smelling). He gave us the same packet again by faking us a change behind the counter. Learnt it was same when I realized that the knot was tied the same way I did before returning.
I was in and out very quickly.  I checked in and filled my paperwork out online.  Everyone was very nice and I was in and out.  They gave me the option to get my prescription there or at the drug store,  which was nice!
I'm disappointed that they took the shrimp burger off of the regular menu but the bad ass burger was ok..the service was poor and the waitress was unattentive.. I will be back when the shrimp burger comes back...
The price is so huge difference, I found something so cheap like 20$ next to sth 1200$... It's a little weird for me, kind of not sure about the real value of all the clothes. Hope they can sort it in a better way. Most of the clothes are cheaper end.
if i was just reviewing the beer i would give it 2 stars but the bartender was very cool. but since im from san diego where beer is part of our culture the beer is very mediocre at best. cool name and logo.
Was excited thought we finally found good local pizza...soo dissapointed. Service was great but we ran home to\n try the pizza and looked great love thin crust but was not crispy and taste was ok.was good sauce but no flavor to crust and was almist like frozen pizza crust...
Well that settles it.  The next time I want Mexican food...I'll drive to Mexico!  Why is it apparently so difficult to get decent Mexican in Gilbert?!?!?
Houston's has great food and is very consistent. You always know what your getting. I love their chicken salad and atlantic salmon with brown beans and rice. There's a wide variety of menu choices so everyone in your group can be accommodated.
Awesome chips and salsa to start. Had the Chicken Chimi and it was great. Service staff was excellent too. Decor was modern and clean.  Highly recommend.
Hotel is pretty but the service there is a joke. You want a waitress while you gamble? Good luck. The staff is snobby which is just disgusting to me. Will not be going back.
TASTY. Had a frittata, freakin' BOMB. And cheap! That's my stahl (style).\n\nHad some crazy chocolate/coffee drink that was off the hook!
This is far and away my favorite place for Orange Chicken, but I love every meal I have ever eaten here! The chicken is crispy, crunchy and the sauce has a great flavor. The service is always great whether its eat in or take out. A quick place for a weeknight meal or a leisurely evening out. Enjoy!
It's Target so I love it but I like the one off Flamingo and 215 better. The return desk is kinds awkward and the woman behind it gave me a hard time about missing a coupon when I walked RIGHT over. I like Travis at this location though. He's a good guy
Great mani pedi. Gel mani lasted longer than most. Staff was super friendly and efficient. Plus, I got to watch Mean Girls while getting my toes done, bonus! My new nail salon.
The actual bar (especially the outdoor area) is really pleasant in the cooler months.  That being said its also near the university so can be overcrowded with snotty hipsters at times.  A good place to socialize with reasonable prices, and oysters, yum.
Great selection of anything and everything you'll need to do any type of project highly recommend this location they seem to have more stuff than others
just an old casino with a bowling alley! and a dead easy bowling alley. shot 739 scratch with crappy carry!\n\nhas a TGI Fridays inside and a buffet that is $9.00 with players club!
Ice cream is great and so are their employees but there are typically only 2 people working and the wait gets long, especially when whole families come in. I also think it's a little on the pricey side for ice cream
I like this place mainly for the cold beer and the bikes.  I did have some good fried okra and collard greens here though.
It's a beautifaul space in an unsuspecting place. I have heard breakfast is wonderful. The pleasent staff, and owner want to make sure you enjoy the new restaurant.\nTB
Lux is popular for sure - but it's not my cup of coffee.  Tough for parking, tight spaces on the interior as well and average products.
Worst ever like a big Denny's. Service was very pushy. Couldn't relax because we were asked every two seconds if we were ready to order. My soup was cold and salad tasted old and nasty, also my margarita tasted like juice. NEVER AGAIN
This place is my favorite Thai restaurant. The food is always excellent and you couldn't ask for nicer service. I highly recommend eating here.
This review is only for the milk tea with grass jelly.  The pieces of the grass jelly was so small that I could barely taste it.  I think it was the scrapes or at least it seems like it was. Not worth it.
Very good second time this week. Food is excellent,  fast and friendly service. Good portions, good prices. Very clean place, I eat Thai food all the time this is one of my favorite places now. Be sure to check it out, you will not be disappointed.
Too busy to place a take out order is what i was told by an employee. Update your website and indicate that take out orders are not available. Im glad Ihop was available to take my order
This auto shop will try to take advantage of your lack of knowledge around specific parts of your car. They tried to charge me $800 for a part that lists at $89 through other retailers. The guys seem nice from the front desk, however they are totally in it to scam you.
Awesome hipster coffee hangout spot. On a 100+ day, the Toddy is a definite recommend--iced coffee brewed cold for 24 hours.
place isn\"t new but a gem . wait service is on top of it and food is awesome. we will be back.
Jerk salad is small and not good. Maybe try a wrap? I am sure this place is best for wraps and smoothies not salads.
its a cool chill stop
I love this place the Cuban food is so good and the people are so nice we dance all night long and had a blast we will always go there when I want to shake it.
Not too good and not that much flavor for what chicken can have.  The sauce is nothing special and as one reviewer said, the neighborhood is suspect.  Service was good and I liked the potato salad.  Baked beans were from the can.  Drive up was good and service was super fast.
Two stars for the service. Our waitress was fantastic which is refreshing to the last time with Janice. The food was so bad. There was no flavor what so ever. Do not waist your money here.
I'm the only person in the place,standing at the register and the waitress asks, \"Do you want something?\" I responded, \"Yes!\" She rolls her eyes at me and then takes my order. She asks if I knew that the extra items cost more...smh Poor customer service!
I was a loyal customer for years until they destroyed two of my $60 shirts with pen ink. They offered me $45 total for both shirts...methinks not. The owner was rude when I explained to him the price difference. He ruined my shirts and offered me minimal compensation. I will never go back here again.
This is really the only Arcadia area car wash.  They do a great job.  It does take a little longer than the average car wash, but that is because it is all by hand and they do a great job of drying and taking immaculate care of your vehicle.
Awesome!!!!
Butcher shop, really. Don't think so. They have meat shipped in just like Smith's etc. They cut up what they get. Not butchers or anything close. I special ordered a certain turkey and was given some off the wall generic but at 4 times the price. Very sad.
Amazing salsa bar selection, fresh ingredients, very flavorful, mouthwatering tacos. A great dining experience for me and the work gang. Totally worth the drive from downtown Tempe. Can't wait to return. Mmmmmmmm!
He has since taken care of blind request and we are thrilled again with his work and now service. Great guy and great work!
The owner who is the blonde is the rudest person I've ever encountered in the restaurant industry in my entire life.  It's a shame too because the chef actually has some talent.  The bartenders are always cool but I will never go back.
Came in here for a quick lunch before my flight. The food is decent. However, I wouldn't say that it was an authentic Vietnamese restaurant, much more like a Chinese restaurant to me.
Great service\nNo Casino but short walk to aria. \nNot sure why Mandarin's always seem to have you go up an elevator for the lobby and then another elevator to you floor. \nSmall but neatly appointed rooms.
I've lived I'm Montreal for over ten years and finally found my favourite gourmet poutine ( poutine mexicana). Nice atmosphere, great staff.
Very pleased with Justin's work. Professional, clean and fast install of my surround sound system as well as mounting additional TV in My master Bed Room. I will defiantly use him again.  \n\nThanks again\nCraig
Great stay. Great staff. Clean rooms, ample parking, well appointed suite style rooms that felt spacious. Perfect stay for out of town business and meeting with clients.\n\nWould come back.
I was very impressed with service I was provided. Turned out all I needed to do was balance my house and get a quick AC check up...no problem. Very honest and Very Friendly. Will call again in the future!
Outstanding memories of this place...Valentines Day 1999...Absolutely first class service, highly polished cooking, but very conscious of its Southwestern surroundings, this place still stacks up against the best. If you can deal with amusing and effete clientele (bombed-out Barry Goldwater Republicans) then Vincent's well worth the expense.
I do appreciate that they do not skimp on the meat/toppings. But I am not afan of their bread. It is too soft/squishy for my taste. I am all about the bread so I do not think I will be back.
I enjoyed the stromboli. The place was hectic with trivia, but otherwise fine. Would return.
Very fond memories of this place  years ago.  Nothing like sharing the carne asada fries with my honey.  Oh, how I will cherish those.
Owner states on there website been working in TV repair for 35 years but can not repair a 10 year old TV with geometry issues.
Still my favorite place to order from in Vegas!!!
Order the spice at 8 or 9, it's perfect. If you order the spicy chicken salad it is important to ask for it extra hot. Excellent food.
We ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai, Summer Rolls, and Fried Tofu. The food was delicious and fresh. The service was friendly and accommodating.
The environment is awesome, the Tom Yum soup is very good, the salads are all pretty heavily dressed, and the salmon I got is drier than other salmons I had before. \n\nYou can get the coupon from the coupon place on the street so everything 30% off.
If ELVIS were alive he would LOVE the Valley Ho Hotel! Probably just as much as I do.  This is the ONLY hotel I stay at when I come to ARIZONA.
Pretty good place. The rolls are colossal. The bites were so big they need to cut the rolls in half longways. Good rice for good price. You defiantly get a lot of food for the price. Good atmosphere. Good food. Had spicy mussels that were delish. Come hungry leave happy.
Fast friendly service. The BBQ spring rolls were fantastic! We both had Pho- the meat was flavorful and tender , even in my chicken pho. We will return!
This is definitely the go-to pho spot post a crazy Vegas night.\n\nThe soup is A-OK - but due to the limited selection, I will definitely recommend this place + Lee's coffee is right next door.\n\nPlease note that they do not have tripe!
Decent Japanese food. The menu has a lot of variety with even vegetarian options to satisfy a majority of people's food preferences. If you're a sushi connoisseur, stick with the other items on the menu. The salmon entree and the udon are solid meals that are tasty and filling.
Was excited to eat here. Food was disgusting, too greasy, and service sucked. Would not recommend to anyone!
Wow, impressive in every way!  Ridiculously good food and service!  The atmosphere is wonderful!  Extensive wine and cocktail list .  Recommend the steaks and wedge salad.  The red velvet torte is like the best ding dong ever!
Tried a green smoothie, the apple and greens. My smoothie was way to icy, i had to ask them to blend it again. Next time, I'll just order my goto here, the mango-a-gogo.
Spent 300$ on double bucks for this who like to gamble. Not one bonus. Not good gaming
Best burger in Vegas!!  Their alcohol shakes were pretty light on the alcohol but still delicious.  We went there twice on our trip it was so good.
You are not allowed to use the wireless. Thats pretty sad.  But they do have diet coke
I am a meat lover. We had a group of 20 people. The service was great. The waiter gave me a creme burlee on the house. That was very nice of him. Ambiance was perfect for a relaxing dinner. Although the meat was on a saltier side, non of the meat tasted dry even the chicken.
We like this place. Food, drinks and service are great. But vegetarian taco? For a daily happy hour special? Poor choice. Give us more happy hour choices.
A must for Belgian beer lovers. Astounding beer selection with many beers that are difficult to find outside Belgium. No stupid pint glasses. Gastro-pub style food was delicious and well prepared.
This place is fantastic. I go here weekly to get my pho fix.  Khai Hoan is by far the BEST pho restaurant that I have been to in the valley, and I've been to a few of them.
Pita Jungle has a great atmosphere, good service, excellent food.\n \nI recommend the hummas and the chicken schwarma is my favorite thing to order. It is very reasonably priced and an excellent place to eat.
Worst dining experience in Vegas. It took me twenty minutes just to get a water at a half full bar. Food came out cold and many products, specifically ranch are not  in house products like every other hooters. I will never go back. At one point I genuinely thought Jon Taffer might walk in and start yelling, god knows he should.
You can't go wrong with this bagel place. I come here to grab a bag a bagels and go! \nMany different bagels to choose from. You can't go wrong!
Amber is a great hair .lady Ann she did hair cut for my sister .ask for Ann's did a good job .thank you
Delicious food and wonderful ambiance.  The service was really slow, especially at the beginning, but they may have been short handed.  They more than made up for it with the courses.  Kind of pricey, but worth it, especially considering it's a resort restaurant.
This place is cute. It feels warm and cozy inside. Staff are so friendly. Seems they are pro-green cuz they all the items they sell and display. Love their red velvet and pistachio cupcake. Icing can be too sweet but oh well, who says you have to eat the whole thang :)
This place says they have both DirecTV and Cox to draw people in who are interested in watching football games on the Pac-12 network but they're lying because they have to \"re-wire\" their TVs so you can't watch anything on Cox. It's amateur hour over here.
Nice clean place.  Im a picky eater when it comes to Mexican food and they made everything I wanted the way I wanted it.  Carne Asada Fries to die for...YUMMMM!  Beans and rice were really good and so was the chicken burrito.  I will definitely be going back soon!
As a guru Indian....this is the best Indian food in Vegas.  Don't waste your time going anywhere else
Been coming here for a couple of years on and off, customer service isn't good and at times pretty rude. Chicken shawarma is the best in town, beef shawarma is the worst in town. And their gyro shawarma is alright and I was notified by an employee that the gyro is not halal.
We ordered the cranberry pecan chicken salad sandwich.  It was lacking in flavor, very bland. We also ordered the pulled pork spring rolls, which were not pleasing to the palette -- southern BBQ does not mix well with Asian cuisine!  Two small spring rolls for $7.50 was definitely not worth it.
First time I've ever had Monk fish liver, Spanish mackerel sashimi then the skeleton fried and served again, very new for me.  And very good.  This place has great service, and always new and fresh sushi and sashimi.
Left my thoughts at the \"Tip\"; so sorry!\nI wouldn't eat there again. \n\nThe 2 best Indian resturant I have ever had are in Kansas City in Rosa Zone & in Daytona Beach by the beach on Main Street.
Think they can't ruin a burger?! Think again.  Plus they have the audacity to charge an automatic 11% for TIP!!!!  Service SUCKED, beer SUCKED, burgers SUCKED - need I say more - don't waste your time - grab anything elsewhere - anywhere!
Not much to say.No one in the group enjoyed the meal...the cheese and sauces were off. Service was poor.
The pizza's alright, but the turkey sandwich is absolutely horrid, and the delivery drivers are extremely rude (not to mention how it already takes an hour and a half to deliver). They always harass us for tips. If you want to support a local place, I would do Big Boy's Pizza...
I loved my meal here. After a long day of wandering around Madison thinking, \"Could we actually live here?\" this place helped to seal the deal. \n\nCan't wait to go back once I am an official Madison resident in a few weeks! Mmm - THE CHEESE!
Great atmosphere and flavors as well!  Very friendly staff!
Easier to kill time here than many other airports but the food options aren't as good, and I simply hate having to take trams everywhere.  I don't experience a lot of delays here unless it is bad weather somewhere else, so Vegas is always good luck for me at least in this regard.
Place is not organized, not clean, No sign in Sheet, Just  a hot mess. Go elsewhere (see my reviews for a barbershop!) \n\nNot coming back!\nUntil they get their place together!
Bland food. Got the #7 platter which is a fish taco and a mini burrito. The fish taco had no flavor and the mini burrito was sub par. The iced tea is from a machine and tasted awful! I poured it out and got the instant lemonade instead.
How can this place even be considered a place to eat. The food is horible. We had to return our dishes for being cold. There was actual wilted lettuce that could'nt even be considered food for turtles. How can you mess up French Fries?
I usually enjoy Zoe's, but not only is this location short staffed but they can not get an order correct! You wait 15-20 minutes for your food, and the order is just plain wrong....take your time and money and go to the one in the Metropolitan... at least they have their orders together.
When I ordered a beef sandwich, I was instead brought out a chicken sandwich.  Obviously, surprised I asked the waitress and she replied, \"we'll, I hope you like the surprise!\"\n\nI can't make this up!   Haven't been back since.  Need some wait staff training.
I will never go back.  The sushi portions were small and expensive.  The food was mediocre at best . We spent almost $40 on an early dinner and felt like we were ripped off.  This was one of the worst sushi restaurants I have been to quality-wise.
Great selection, great service, great experience.  They found 'the dress' for my daughter by the 3rd dress she tried on.  They listened to her likes and dislikes and understood her figure.   This was the first shop we visited and after 3 more shops went back and bought 'the dress'.
I had Damian do my massage and he's great!! Totally destressed me from wedding planning! Very professional and highly recommended!
Just For You is a terrific salon.  They just expanded, and are now one of the biggest salons in AZ.  Their staff and owners are awesome.  My stylist is Kara.  She's been doing my hair for almost 10 years!
HELLO!\nIt is a PAWN SHOP\nNo different than any other PAWN SHOP\nJust maybe more expensive AND \nwith a LONG LINE OUTSIDE\nOnly go there if you love their show....
Late night munching while we were waiting to go to the airport. Hardly anyone was there. So there was good service and the food was quick. Decent food overall. Not bad at all.
Call the same day, and they'll get your dog in. I'm always last minute and they always accomidate me. Very very good at grooming! Never misses areas, always even cuts, and my 3 dogs are fine with coming here.. definately recommend.
great taco platters, mothership on tap, fabulous patio. this is a wonderful place to go in the valley, i would absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone, you gotta try it.
I love this place! Soul food done the way it should be. They also host a monthly comedy show called Unplanned Comedy Live. It's a monologue based improv show that has local celebrities as guest monologists. Great venue, great food/drinks, great service!
This restaurant was not all that.  It took forever to get meat and the salad bar and sides suck.  It isn't worth $65 a person for dinner.  Go somewhere else.
Best corned beef in Arizona hands Down the sandwiches are big enough to share.  The place is what a typical deli should be and trust me I know delis. They have everything you can imagine on the menu.  The pictures on the wall are priceless and look like they have been there 30+ years.
Worst berger ever. Got our order wrong twice  paid too much. Could have got two mcdoubles and had better food
Fabulous! Guacamole is fresh and perfect. Pork Roast burrito is amazing. Salsa is very flavorful.
Now called Convenient Corner Market and Deli II.\nFantabulous sandwiches!\n\nBoars Head meats from RDD..so super fresh and awesome\n\nReally fair prices
It's a bit of a pain to find but yes, they have be best prices I have seen.  Be sure to stop by and stock up during your visit to Vegas.
Great patio, good spinach dip and drinks. That was until we got the bill. $8.50 for a Smirnoff and soda? Same for a Captain and coke? We were in Gilbert, not Scottsdale. What the...
This has the best Panang Curry I have ever tried. I don't how they make it so much better than any of the other Thai places I've been to before.  Also, make sure you try their curry fried rice (make it spicy is even better). You can't go wrong at eating here.
Seasons 52 has become our go-to place for great ambience, easy free parking, and a varied menu that never disappoints.  Noise level so we can talk to our dining guests. Service is consistently outstanding.  What more can we want.
One of my homes away from home, this is one of the few bookstores that seems more like a library than a store. Quiet atmosphere to read a couple pages of your favorite topics.
Great place to have Korean food!  Very reasonable price for food and drinks.  You can bring a group of friends or come and have a nice date here.  The decor is trendy and modern.  I really like the sweet n sour pork and yogurt soju for drinks.  Go chh chh Chingu!
Maybe a step down from Mineos Pizza which is not that great either. I agree with yelpers who identify a sweet taste. How do Mineos and Aiello's have such good reputations? It is a mystery to me?
I agree with the other two reviews! Costumer service is greatly lacking at this Sallys. The employee was on a personal call for at least 10 min after I walked in, never asked of I need help and then when I asked she acted like huge inconvenience in.
BEST SHOW EVER! :] i will definitely watch this again when i go back to vegas!  They're soo funny and talented, I never wanted this show to end!!
Meh.  BBQ should not be bland; my pulled pork sandwich was. And lukewarm.  Hopefully it was a fluke; I won't be back.
The mezza have always been above average, especially the tabouleh and sleek.  Service has been slow both times I've been in recently, which drops it from four to three stars.
A Coffee place that Doesn't open till 8:30 on a Saturday morning??? Really. Out of towner goes to parking garage at 8am and then finds out not open, along with about 6-8 other people. Come on people I need my caffeine fix & so did they. Sad.
I would not come here again for anything. Everything is over priced... Really this is Just a Showroom for Amazon.
1.8/5 stars - Only reason to get this pizza is if you are a college student and only have 5 bucks. But let's face it even crappy pizza tastes good.
the best free punk rock in town
Had to find a place to accommodate a  large party of thirty people. DeVon was our server and gave us excellent service. The pizza excellent and the salads were great. I would recommend coming here any time!
Took a pair of pants to be hemmed and it wasn't done. They took my money and gave me the pants back untouched. I couldn't even make heads or tails of what their argument was. Horrible customer service. This was after I had decided to ignore the stain they put on my white shirt a while ago.
Great Hardware store!
I have been here many times. However on my most recent visit I was rather disappointed. They changed the menu and its really not as good anymore. I mean they charge more for some things and give you less. And on top of it they STOPPED MAKING CANNOLIS! I probably won't go back.
This is a great place to grab a drink and have a few appetizers!  I've eaten here about 6 times, and haven't had anything yet on their small plates/tapas menu that I didn't like.  Not my favorite place in the world for brunch, but still a solid foodie destination overall!
After reading this review, a Bombero employee reached out to me -- something I really appreciate. While I would have liked her to have taken a little more responsibility for my experience instead of just offering excuses, it was refreshing and important to me.
Apparently the \"all day lunch menu\" doesn't apply to the hours 2:30-5:00 pm when they're closed for business.
I've been a fan since the 80's and I like the food but I must say that the prices change quite frequently. And since its ala carte a meal for one is now over $12. Still, if you would like a decent gyro, it's a good place to stop and eat.
Not really a fan of fast food but I like their fries and milkshakes. Also love that they are open late. I come here when Five Guys is closed. Lines are usually long but they move fast. Service is nice. I've never had them mess up on my order.
best chinese food! people that work here are so nice!
I have a bone to pick with this dog park (pun intended).\n\nNo Children under 12 allowed.\n\nWhat???
Good food, but 14 minutes in drive through at 830 with 4 employees to get a chx sandwich. Will go again though.
Amazing place!  Staff was great, sushi was fresh and atmosphere was upbeat and had a great view of the strip.  Pricy, but worth the experience.
Worse customer service ever, the only other review is from the owner Joshua Simon.  His dad is a lawyer and will try to sue you once they don't live up to what they promise.  They are a total rip off.  Go to phonepower.com been with them since I switched and not 1 problem and have saved thousands of dollars
Disappointed. Frozen pizza dough. Heavy and thick instead of thick and airy. Paid $60 for two pizzas and a salad. Salad was ok. Not worth the $12. Quality compared to Little Caesars but don't expect a $5 pizza.
Food is great as always! Love that the tomatoes have been awesome lately... not mushy or over ripe. :)
Open 24 hours, great place to go for those last minute projects.
I have been a patient for almost 20 years!  Dr Taylor and his staff are experts in their respective fields.  He is gentle and thorough.  I don't hesitate to recommend Chandler Dental Excellence to anyone.  I take my kids and husband there, also.  My 5 year old feels right at home.  I will not go anyplace else!
Home Depot is usually pretty good.   Not this one.  The customer service is usually awful and the cashier lines are rarely ever open.  Unfortunately I have to go to this one for work and I leave frustrated every time.
Perfect little place to sit and enjoy a drink/meal.  Great environment and service is good too.
As another reviewer said, this Starbucks is located inside Target. The cashier was cheerful, informative and greeted people properly. A minor thing of note, decor was a cross between Starbucks and Target with lots of red and orange colors, not that it mattered but it looked a little strange. Coffee was good, as expected.
The glass on the table wasn't clean & the lady said because of the water....hmm...I don't know, but I believe no matter what, the glass need to be clean (at least).\nI ordered ma Po tofu. Service super fast & the flavor still awesome!
Way too over priced. I mean its great food. With an average sized portion. But for how much I'm paying?... Not totally worth it!
Food was good as always!  The hearts of palm salad is no longer on the menu but they will still make it for you!  Yumo!
This was a great little place to grab dinner in a hurry. Service was prompt and polite. The food was good, but you cant go too wrong with pho. It was a good portion for the price ($8 for a regular bowl).  I'd love to go back try the other menu items.
All I can say is mmmmh! Mmmmmmh! MMMMMMMMH! Wow for a \"chain\" this is soooo good!
No rings, fries cold, no BBQ, chicken was cold and smelled like fish... Need I say more?
I like this Michaels store. It is always clean and organized when I go here. The sales are clearly marked which is an issue I've had at other Michaels stores. The staff is nice and there is usually someone around if you have a question.
Fun...great service and great food...One of Phoenix's most unique and fun dining destinations.
Nice place to dine but the food was not tasty at all. Good service. The brunch isn't bad but def has room for lots of progress.
The hotel is very clean and it has free breakfast! it's very closeby to the airport and beware..because of this, i can hear airplane sounds in the morning. overall, it's a great place to stay.
Closed.....out of business.
Better than a buffet but not great. Portions were appropriate (small) and too salty. Wish I would have skipped the wine.
My wife said let's try this new place I was hesitant to try Italian drive-through food .But I must say it was way better than the Olive Garden!
Good but overpriced food and no table service. Good hamburgers and sandwiches, salads and desserts. Everything fresh and tasty. But I paid $20 for a burger and small side salad (no fries), and they wanted to charge extra for a piece of cheese on the burger.
Most terrible customer service. Forget about traveling with your pets. No accountability, nobody to complain to, nobody offering any solutions in a difficult situation. Heartless people in Phoenix cargo dealing with pet travel. Please beware!!!
I have seen Carolyn, Stephanie, and Michael at Bambu, and enjoyed my massages with each of them. They all use different techniques and give you different experiences. Definitely recommended.
The Spa was the best part, DJ, the owner, was very good.  I came in with a migrane and called the spa around 7pm and he came in from home to massage me and help get past the headache.  Priceless professional positive service.  Cannot recommend the place more.
I love this place! It is just simply a good place to eat breakfast! The food is always good and fresh. They feature \"happy eggs,\" which always makes me feel better about what I am eating. The service is friendly and attentive. This place is defiantly a Charlotte favorite!
Ew. I am just judging one crepe (the vegetarian mushroom one with b\u00e9chamel) but it was really, really bad. Not worth the line!
The sushi is just ok and the service is really not ok. i will not go there again just because i expect a better service.
Took my puppy here after seeing the great reviews. Unfortunately the dog groomer Bo, had cut my dogs eye then argued with saying that I brought my dog in this way. I now have to put three different types of medicated drops in my dogs eyes because of a mistake he made. We have yet to hear from the owner abut the situation.
If you're looking for something to do you should make Town Square the first thought. There is something for everyone there... Kids park, theater, shops, dinning, APPLE, books. It has great ambiance.
I realize this is Myers Park, but occasionally us hicks from the sticks MIGHT want a chicken that costs less than $16.  They should probably stock one.
Not bad but can get a little crowded because the restaurant is fairly small and the place is popular. \n\nI liked the honey-toast dessert but you definitely need I would say at least 3 people to finish it otherwise it's just too much sugar for 1-2 people in my opinion. =_
OK....with hundreds of good, authentic sushi joints in Vegas, why wait in line and spend too much on this one.  Food is fine, but nothing special given the big rep this place has....
bought a 8 dollar bottle of lucozade a british soda that was flat and out of date had sausage that also tasted funny not good
Not much to say. Came here after the club and I wasn't impressed at all. Luckily, I was hungry.
Very stylish restaurant in a fantastic old building. Food is ok, considering the price not that good after all. Service is not impressive, we waited for a long time till the waiter finally came. My cousin who went with me thinks the food is not tasty at all and waiters are snobbish
What's there to say about this theater?  It's a great place to catch a film.  Employees were friendly, seats comfy, aisles clean, great lighting, awesome picture and had no problem finding parking near the theater.  So, I am a fan.
They did a great job on my supercrew cab...guy spent extra time doing it all. New customer from here on out
It was pretty much what I expected except for the mermaids. Kind of a let down not to see them but still nice to see and very relaxing to sit next to with the pro shop waterfall in the background. Overall it was a nice change from the overcrowded strip for a change.
If you want to be ignored by the staff, come here. We gladly emptied our tasting card and left without purchases. Perhaps we weren't their typical customers and they couldn't be bothered leaving the desk behind the glass at 1 PM on a Tuesday afternoon.
There's something wrong with having to pay $5 for ice cream that isn't flavorful. I much prefer Dave & Andy's - their waffle cones are amazing and you'll pay under $3 for some of the best ice cream you'll ever have.
Richard had great customer service and accommodated our needs.
Service is a hit or miss, as is their seafood. Fortunately its a BYOW and their pizza is delicious (real pizza oven).
Impressive slight of hand skills. Started off with some basic card tricks but quickly moved to some amazing tricks.
No where near 5 stars. So lame. NoodleS Exchange is way~ better!
My favorite cleaners 6 bucks to clean a suit and the best part is its ready the next day. This is also where I get all my pants hemmed and suit jackets taken in.
Blonde house beer is awesome, very similar to a Blue Moon, maybe better! Good burgers and great location indoors and outdoors for watching a football game.
Lunch was good. But then again, its hard to mess up a buffalo chicken sandwich. But stopped back for dinner with my parents the next night and both steaks ordered at the table were extra tough. Definitely a sports bar not steak house, should have known better
Great place to dine.\nHugh rolls...\nEverything was so DAM...Great \n\nThe all u can  eat includes beer Sunday through Thursday... Really to awesome.
This company should be shut down. They refused to place my order and still took money out of my account. Now they will not put it back into my account. Everybody who you speak to on their phone lines are in their home.
I am dining in these place every time I go to Las Vegas but my dinner last night was the worse dinner I ever had my plate was dirty (call waiter to replace it) we ordered Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce but it seems they are out of Oyster Sauce. I will not comeback here no more.
Nice portions and friendly service. Good experience but I enjoy other places in the valley for a good breakfast.
Great Sushi but too many rules and regulations on the all you can eat. Wasn't exactly as much of a relaxing experience I'd like for it to have been (ordering and service), but definitely a clean and relaxing environment to eat in, otherwise! Check their happy hour schedule for 50% off sushi and drinks!!
Sushi was good but they forgot about the Chicken Katsu that I ordered. I can't remember the last time I left a restraurant hungry.
At this Taco Bell it takes two people to mop the floor. One to mop and the other to watch; she must be training. In general, I avoid this one because the kids that work here spend more time socializing with each other than paying attention to the job they are getting paid for.
Ok hotel in a non-descript locale.  The hotel itself is very dated.  I would look for other hotels unless you are using point like I was.
Freezer burnt, mediocre at best ice cream. Won't be back.
Pie in the Sky is a decent place to go for a couple slices, heated up quickly, for lunch.  They are not going to win any best pizza in Charlotte contests but it's serviceable with a very thin crust and good, not great toppings.
This is my favorite place to go during my lunch break. I strongly recommend this place to anyone who hasn't tried it yet.
I always enjoy a good frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity. Never fails when I have a chance to drive by the strip.
Place clean ppl nice ! Paint already chipping next day & stars falling off 5o$ cant do design very well
We have been coming here for more than 10 years and the food is fantastic. Our favorite is the chorizo and eggs it doesn't get better than this! Homemade tortillas, chips and salsa start every meal. The carne asada and the whole fish dinner so good! \nGreat food priced right!
Roaches everywhere! Dead and alive! We got out of the restaurant even before we could place an order.
great food, incredible portions.  they also have a healthy breakfast menu, which is great.\n\nlove their salads and happy hour menu.   Probably my favorite breakfast place.  Great french fries.\n\nwheat pancakes with fruit are incredible.
Laura is awesome! She did my spray tan before I went on my honeymoon and also for another vacation I went on. She was very personable and made me feel very comfortable. My color looked very natural, not orange the entire week after I had it done.
Was craving for Machaca con Huevo's this morning!  This is the first time I've been here for Breakfast, no lines no wait!!!  Freshly made tortilla as usual.
CASH ONLY. \n\nEvery time I go to Vegas, I go here. It has become a tradition. I've never had any issues, close to the strip, and vegan donuts. Win win win!
The food is good, and there's a pretty good atmosphere in the bar, I feel it's a bit overpriced, though. Most importantly, for a place called \"The Keg\", their beer selection is seriously lacking.
Cool lounge to sit and enjoy a drink!  The service was ok...would help if the waitress actually smiled and looked like she enjoyed being there!
Clueless and slow
Always clean, always kind.
I really enjoyed eating at this buffet. The price is reasonable, the food is fresh and the service is fast. \n\nThe best part? Fresh Donuts!! Amazing, worth breaking your diet for. \nThe Bad? It isn't part of M-life and there are no locals discounts.
Wasn't as good as everyone says....bread was delicious, fries were good too. The other things were just okay...
This Arby's is in a very nice area. The inside of the restaurant is very clean and the food is hot and well prepared. It is usually not busy and the staff are quick and efficient. I enjoy having a view of the park as well.
Awesome appetizers and happy hour! Best place we ate at!
Appreciated the free beer on my bday. Wait staff and kitchen may have had an off day. Fun environment.
Best Jewish deli and bakery in town. Awesome staff, amazing food and out of control baked goods. We try to go to Chompies' at least once a weekend for breakfast. My favorite is the All American with a Poinsettia (champaign and cranberry) to drink.
Not a bad place but definitely not a wow!  Grab some fro yo and watch the people go by at Scottsdale Quarter.
It's a good place to go to... It's great to have the possibility of accessing arts like this for free. You sometimes have fantastic exposition. I'd recommend for everyone to go there and not miss out. I've seen some incredible pieces of work there.
Always amazing service, stellar food great environment and it's not pricy for all you get! Hands down my fav place to go.
My husband & I have been here a couple times. Has a very Vegas feel to it. Decor & all. The couples massage every time is fantastic!! This time we booked the 80 min combo massage with both Swedish & deep tissue it was amazing!! Great place to go as a couple. Not to manly yet welcoming for all.
It is a good place but too tight.\nI dont recommend it to ppl over 25 ..
Greg is so professional and knowledgable. I have older windows and tried to get estimates from other companies but no other company knew how to properly install blinds with my complicated windows Not only did Greg know what to do, he did it for a better price!
Not impressed. The entrees were overpriced for the quality of the food as well as the portion size. I've never seen a seafood paella so small for $18. The atmosphere was cute and the sangria was pretty good but the food was disappointing. :-/
The food was tasty but the portions are the smallest I've seen in an Italian restaurant.
I love this place.. I was referred by a friend. Been going here for over a year... They take such good care of my boy. He always looks so handsome when I pick him up!!!
Mac N Cheese was the bomb!!!! Price was up there but you get what you pay for!
Tum Nak serves food that will take you're taste buds to flavor country.
The QT's are pretty much standard across the valley...clean bathroom, stocked merchandised, minimal wait times, friendly staff.
I'd say this place is just okay...it doesn't make me sick afterwords, it just isn't that flavorful or delicious. It's a run of the mill Chinese restaurant.
by far the rudest staff and most unprofessional service. would never recommend this to a friend I wanted to keep.
If you're heading to Terminal 3, make sure to eat and get coffee BEFORE going through security. Food/shopping option in the terminal are terrible!
Kids eat free on Mondays between 4:30 to close.  Food is great.  Kids meals are awesome and healthy.  Love this place!!!
Serves the best quality of food for the best price! The owners are an adorable husband and wife team and they are very attentive. The location is great and I would recommend it to anyone! Try the chicken shawarma or the Philly cheesesteak, you won't regret it!
Best of Las Vegas? Really? Only slightly better than Subway. I would rival this with Jimmy John's.
The chicken pot pie is awesome. This is always ordered for our table when we visit. Portions are generous and we've always had good service. I love the ambiance of this restaurant. I like this location more than the one at Town Square. Family friendly and lots of parking. Expect to take home leftovers.
Not the best buffet in town, but with the price seems justifiable. Breakfast crew is much better than dinner. Evening servers are rude. Can't complain too much about the food too much though.
Recently stopped in for lunch.  Had the General's chicken with the chicken wings.  At least something different from the usual lunch specials with the egg roll.   The food was fine, but nothing to make me go back.  My friend had the sweet & sour pork & wasn't too pleased with the pork.  The people were very friendly though.
Excellent - especially for airport food. The carne asada tacos were great.
Pretty good, quality food.\n\nService in the drive-thru was sort of slow, but that's a minor issue honestly.  Worth a short wait.
Staff was unimpressive. They didn't have pancakes or waffles because they were out of batter. \nI saw the good reviews here and relied on them for a good bfast. Wouldn't eat here again.
45 minutes and still waiting to see a doctor for a scheduled appointment this place sucks
The margaritas are wonderful as are the chips and salsa.  The rest of the food was okay, not great.  The service was wonderful.
Good selection of beers and spirits but one of the worst services in PGH. Food is ok.
Service with a smile, great pizza, great sauce, and comfortable space to kill time.
Love those apple rolls!  Atmosphere reminds me of an old school donut shop.  Would go there again.  Simplistic recipes, pure in taste.
Great vegetarian or vegan option. Quick, fresh, easy, with lots of options. A scan-tron flashback to elementary school when you order. But still the food is good and fairly inexpensive. I wish there were more of these around town.
Good service, good pizza, and a good location!\n\nI do wish this place was a little closer to me since they have a $6.95 lunch special for a personal size pizza with anything on it. Great deal!\n\nEveryone working here was really cool!
ok mexican food, but the best chili relleno w/ cheese!
Really liked the food, great menu for a diner. Sandwiches starting at $12. But management needs to get their act together with staffing. They should know that at 3 a.m. on a Saturday morning on 4th of July weekend this place is gong to be packed. It took an hour for us to get our food.
ok food-clean
They have the most amazing chicken tikkas. It is really authentic . Love this place
This is your store for all your home paint needs. This is the best paint you can buy for your house. Don't waste your time at the big box stores buying low quality paint.
This place has some if the best Italian food I've ever had. Our waitress was terrific, the drinks were delicious, the food was phenomenal, and the view isn't so bad either!
My favorite was the tacos and chocolate covered strawberries. For a buffet our service was phenomenal.
Nothing special, but close to my loft in Phoenix.  I have walked by this place for years and never stopped in and finally got around to it today.  The Gyro with Feta was solid, but nothing special.
This is definitely the place to go for pretzels!
Its just OK however if there is a Chipolte close by I'd go there first.
So good!  Wish we had started eating here earlier.  Great service and orders are ready super quick.  Very clean inside.
Great Location\nGreat Staff\n\n\n but the room was way too small and my room was located above there nightclub and it was really noisy
The service was great, prompt and friendly staff but the food was mediocre. The chicken pad thai was not done well, overcooked noodles and fairly bland overall.
Service was great. Very helpfull for ordering. Meatballs were great as was the pizza.
Find your best cup of coffee and eat these biscotti with it.  As everyone knows, I LOVE places that specialize in one thing.  Therefore I love the Enrico Biscotti Co.  The black pepper one was especially interesting/spicy.  YEAH!
This IHOP has a lot of opportunity to make up. They've been working at it, but the last few times I've been here, they have either been short staffed or too busy that we would be sitting at the table idly waiting for our food or the check or a straw.
Well tasted good but I got food poisoning.  Positive it was there, only thing I ate and the timing was right.  Im a hotel guest, very disappointing!!  Hope I feel better soon!
Un endroit incontournable pour tout amateur d'architecture !
Terrible service. Food was so-so but why would you come here when China Town is literally 2 blocks away & has WAY better options that are more affordable.
Quality food!!! I relied on owners' recommendations with satisfying taste. I got my favorite 16 oz Asahi Dry with these tasty foods, and guess what?!  Oh...Oh...so good~ Have fun there!!! Best Japanese food not necessary comes only from Japanese.
This is why I say Vegas sucks................
Great experience. Fast, friendly and caring.
Nicest people ever working here! The salon is very clean and they're super fast if you're in a hurry (will do your hands and feet at the same time). No appointment necessary and they always stay late to accommodate their walk-ins. They also give you a coupon so you can get a discount every time you go!
I will not return to this spa as they threw off my lower back during a massage.  As far as the facial I did enjoy and would recommend.
Service was nice. Every time I've gone here, I've ordered the Fettuccini Alfredo and I must say that it never disappointed me, esp. when your on a good one. The rare ahi salad was scrumptious. Good for 2-4 people.
I love Capriotti's... Just not this location. Dirty restaurant and employees that looked like they were hired right out of a homeless shelter.
Fantastic food, great service, cozy atmosphere! A bit pricy,...worth it!
The seats are the best, and it's great that they serve wine and beer. I would give them 5 stars for that. But the concessions are the slowest I have ever experienced. I would definitely upgrade this review if those ever speed up. Until then, get there 30 minutes before your movie starts. Seriously.
Doing the Phoenix Urban Wine Walk.  Walked 8 blocks in temps of 104 to Provence @ the Westin Hotel for the advertised beef kabobs.  They ran out at 3pm; event goes till 6.  Poor planning.  I won't be coming back!
Great prices! Cool modern cafe style layout. Try the Natie bomb its legit!
FYI, this place has closed its doors.
Love this place! Mussels are incredible, get the spicy tomato broth and extra bread. Ask for the new peligroso cocktail!
One of the beat buffets on the strip. Le creperie is on point! A mid-night snack hit the spot!
the worst servece.  i will never go back to this place.\nrude and arrogant. no word for appology.
Great food, service has been oddly bad the last 2 times I've been there.  We had to correct our check because the server couldn't figure it out and we didn't have time to wait another 15 minutes for them to sort it out.  I'd avoid this place.
Awesome service. Awesome food. The butterfish is to die for. The dessert platter is exemplary, so definitely save room!
The food deserves an A and should deserve a 5 star. The reason I gave it  3 star is because the price from the menu in front of the counter is different than the one from the menu for the customer. They try to charge you more (about 30 cents more per order) Therefore i gave them a 3 star instead.
I love their pretzels!! So delish! They also have a great chicken salad.  My only issue is that their champagne is $38 a bottle- would be ok if the bottle was worth that but other places sell it for $24.
If you want a place to watch some sports and enjoy some good food then this is the place to go. The atmosphere was relaxing and the service was great. I will definitely go back
These guys offered GREAT service.  Help me in on a late take out, provided great information over the phone, and great customer service while at the facility.  Very clean location, a lot of choice on site with the trucks.  thanks guys!!!
Great place to watch any sports game.  They have TV surrounding the place, it gets loud when a big games are on.  But great food and drink specials.  Try to get there early, sometimes you can't find a parking spots if you go late.
Ray and his team are awesome. Called to repair my disposal and they came right out. They Called to confirm, called when they were on their way. I had to cancel my appointment to pick up my son, but Ray made sure I was completed before I needed to leave so I didn't have to cancel. Just great service from beginning to end!
Food is decent, customer service is terrible. This time I was overcharged by $3 for a la carte items that should have been a special combo. When I brought it to the cashier's attention her response was essentially \"tough\". They have officially lost my business.
Only giving this place 1 star because I can't give then 0. Been here multiple times and each time was extremely disappointed. Expensive drinks, poor service, and food is nothing special. This place has great potential with its location but needs a change.
Love this place for Mexican food and margaritas.  My fave is their fish tacos, but all their food is good.  Prefer their outdoor patio area to the inside restaurant.
Breakfast service was bad, French Toast isn't great.  Omelettes were good.
THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!  \n\nnuff said.
Fast readable prides sandwich.  Opens 24 hours.  Service was fast and efficient.  We had Asian Sandwich Combo $5.99 and Huge Chocolate Chip Cookie.
skip this expensive place. They all look real, and they are freaky that way, but most of them don't even look like the person.  It is hit or miss.  Plus they are so limited.  Some old Vegas oldies, a few new rappers, mostly boring and I had wished I used the money at the slots.
Great donuts, great service and fast drive though service.
I wouldn't eat here again if it was free!  The food was just okay at best.  But the minute you walk in, your feet stick to the floor.  The tables and counter tops are sticky.  It is just filthy in this place.  Do not recommend this under any circumstances.
High on pretension.  Service mediocre.  Limited breakfast menu.  Poached eggs were completely overlooked.  Presentation was minimal.  Very overpriced.
Food is good considering the price. I am addicted to the Sesame Balls! Staff is nice.\n\nThe steamed clams were seasoned well, sushi was fresh, the hot and sour soup was AWESOME!
The service at the Hotel is EXCELLENT!  I am always so impressed with the Easter buffet. It was outstanding with all the attention to detail.   It is a family event and great food, beverages and service.  Service is amazing all the way until you pick up your car at the valet.
I love the options at Fuel, whole wheat crust, etc. I love the creative toppings and everything tastes great. Service is good as well. My only complaint is the prices are bit high!
Valle is all about the ritas happy hour, chips and bean dip and an awesome patio, if you are looking to eat awesome pollo funditos well they have that too...
Ehh its ok!! The location at bell & reems is 10x better!! Better service there & better drinks. This one is okey..
Lol I got like five pieces of meat blocks and a ton of rice and curry.  \nCould be better.
The food is really pricey but over all it was fun.
Here at 608 right now. My friend has killed 4 flies in 20 minutes and they skipped my song on the jukebox. Pass.
An outstanding group of People, led by an excellent pastor and great assistant, inspired by the awesome music of Paul Hillebrand.  If you need a Catholic Community, this is one of only a handful of good ones in the Valley.
This restaurant is clean and the food & atmosphere are great.  Most of our office staff goes to this restaurant on a regular basis and always try to make sure they bring me back the crab putts...fantabulous!  Always easy to recommend this restaurant to friends & family!
I gave it 4 stars mainly because of the authenticity and coolness of the establishment. The food is made to order and spicy liked I asked! First time trying Ethiopian food and I liked it. Will be back again!!
I don't have much to say about this place.  It's a little hole in the wall on Green St right next to a Jimmy Johns.  It's no frills, basic, cheap, comforting, fast and yummy.
The food is good but It's a little pricy for my taste.  There was also a long wait when I went and all the seats were taken.
It's big.\n\nThe bathrooms are okay.\n\nThe parking's too expensive.\n\nIt's big.
Great place to continue your buzz with a moscato.  The bruschetta wasn't special, neither were the ahi tuna sliders.  I applaud the warm welcomes and customer service, though.
Gross- but if you're a lady you get a lot of free drinks.  Bring pepper spray.
A nice local business with good foodstuffs. They have lots of different varieties of milkshake, but I can't justify paying $5 for one. I'd go here more often if they were affordable.
I did go back and everything was delish and well cooked
Nice RV park. People are so pleasant. They really know customer service. Neat and Clean common areas. No complaints. Stayed over a month.
Tried the BBQ ribs and the chicken sate. Sate was very good. The ribs were a little too chewy for me. All in all it was pretty good.
Way way over priced, minimal selection and not too friendly. A friend Recommended this place and he was unaware of how much he was paying and didn't have too! Not impressed to say the least!
Great and friendly service. Christina cowboy Kovar rocks..... Pricing is reasonable. . 2nd time and loving it.
This was a great show.  Celine was absolutely breathtaking when she took the stage.   However, Stevie Wonder,  give me the real thing.  Her emotional ending... give me a break.  How do you manage to cry at every performance?
Worst service.....i was in home....yet it was delivered...the package never reached me...hope Amazon.com never uses Ontrac anymore....they are the worst...should  lose their license to do business
Wow breakfast was fabulous. Eggs were perfectly cooked and love that sausage. But my favorite was the pancakes  so tender and tasty. They also serve a special AZ coffee that is smooth and the refills keep coming !  We must put this on our permanent list for breakfast !
Standard grocery store, though they essentially forced you to do self checkout by having only one cashier open at 12pm on a Saturday afternoon. \n\nThey also charge you for plastic bags.  I didn't use any so this was not a concern for me, but something to be aware of if you go shopping in Montreal.
Quand m\u00eame une bonne ambiance et mon repas \u00e9tait bien... J'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7u de mon steak
Had a great time
White trash all the way! Servers could care less and service is embarrassing ! I'm still waiting for my food and my sons order,
Great to have a shop nearby.  Not a lot of inventory, but great for servicing.  Love that these guys let me bring in components I buy on the web and they do the install/build.  No upselling or pressure!\n\nGreat guys doing great work for a fair price!
Really rude on the phone. Hope she's nicer to the pets.
Was visiting Scottsdale this weekend and wanted a local place for breakfast.  The food was pretty good but the service kind of sucked.  The woman taking the order in the restaurant came off as rude and not friendly at all.  If you can deal with that then no big deal.  Pretty good food for a reasonable price.
Good location. Service was so-so. I think they think they can get away with slow service because most people who stay there are tourists. The building itself is cool and the room was decent. A bit pricey for what it was.
If it weren't for the trouble of my key this place would get a better rating. Both my key cards didn't work so I had to go back to the front desk. It was such a hassle because the room I was given was on the farther end of the hallway and dragging my heavy luggage wasn't all that great.
Mojarra frita was good but not great. I think the rice was a little undercooked too. My friends shrimp skewers were similarly decent. I think with ben thanh so close it'll be hard to get me back in here.
I had a solid margarita, chips, and guacamole from Javier's the last time I stayed at the Aria.  Everything was delicious and the service was very good.  The only downside is the very expensive prices.  It's a delicious place to eat, but you may be able to do better for less down the road.
First time here... nice people but careless. The girl cut me not once but twice during a pedicure! Let's just say I'm missing a chunk of my left foot! It's definitely going to scar!
Not worth the price. My husband and I each had a regular burger, fries and drink and our two kids each got a kids meal. It cost us $35. The burgers were mushy. Again, not worth it.
This speakeasy place has a nice atmosphere. The cocktails are affordable and well mixed...a perfect place for a date. Get there early before it gets crowded
Ordered the bone-in filet. Steak was really good quality and cooked perfectly (rare).  Unfortunately it was served room temperature.
This place was good, but just good. Happy hour sucks bad and the sushi rolls could be bigger for the price you are paying but over all the sushi was very good .
Typical college bar.  Have never been there at night, never want to go there at night...\n\nAverage average average.
Maybe it was the (far) less than stellar service. Or the rude waitstaff. Or the price. But actually it was all of this combined with the crappy food (and lack of swift replacement) and high price that made me think this is one Vegas' worst buffets.
I wish I could have ranked this higher but it just didn't seem to be anywhere near the Chinese food I've had in the past.  Food was decent and the restaurant looked like it needed remodeling several decades ago.  Portion sizes were big but taste was...meh
Are you kidding me?!  It's like eating scraps in a fucking dungeon.  Never again.
Food takes forever to come out, then its debatable if it done rights.... Guessing you get that you pay for... In this case the manager ended the meal by comping us since it was that bad!!!
one of the worst steak sandwiches i've ever eaten. there were 7 of us and the only people who liked their food were the kids and the one who had the pizza. \n\ni would never eat here again
Glad to see they were open today.   Spicy beef salad was delicious.  Spring rolls and chicken noodles.  Yum!!!
I was disappointed about the service. It took about 45 minutes for our food to get served, which is so unusual for Chinese rest. The food was not great, the lettuce wrap was the worst I've had so far. I will never come back to this place again.
Pretty easy to navigate, the only real thing that sucks is the food. And that the slots don't let you win. :) But what slot in Vegas does?\n\nOther than that security was relatively painless and I've never had a problem flying out from here. There was a nice charging station near my gate.
Awesome new sports grill!  I had the cheeseburger with chipotle mayo and fries... it was really good and the beer was super cold.   I'll be back again soon.
I'm not a huge fro yo fan, but Mojo does the trick. Everytime I've come in it has been clean, the staff has been friendly, and they have all the toppings that I could want.
Imagine playboy mansion without any attractive women... This place. Beautiful view, awesome atmosphere, $9 a drink, we left after the first round... Go to the comedy club, skip the club IMHO
Finally got to try this place and it delicious! \nEveryone there is really friendly!\nI recommend the crab puffs and orange chicken! They are AMAZING
I'm not impressed. The food was ok at best. The corn beef hash is not at all what you'd expect and it was a disappointment. A mimosa will cost you over $12 too. Very overpriced and I do not recommend it at all.
Good trainers. The new owner is a good man. I didn't get to complete my training due to past injuries but I can say as a Pharmacist I would recommend this group.
Terrible. First time here too. Dry dry pancakes eggs were bland and sausage taste different than pork sausage. Won't be coming again
Pretty good! Too pricy for my liking but its good food. They used to charge for the second thing of chips and salsa. I love me some chips and salsa so that was a bummer.
Great food, great interior and friendly people!  The best sliders and everything we have ordered was great!  Try this place!
So so food. Not tasty at all. Its at the same standard as others Pakistani restaurant. Tasteless food all over the place in phoenix region.  i still like and prefer curry corner over other Pakistani restaurant out here.
friends hyped up the place. was pretty happy with my first visit but that was it. the noodles with braised beef is the best noodle dish I've tried on their menu and I prefer the thin round noodles over the flat/wide. the manager/owner is super friendly and cool
Went here for breakfast and coffee and not impressed. Coffee was awful, tasted like dirt. Smoothie was good. Breakfast sandwiches were just ok. Quick service and she was friendly. Owner-manger was loudly ordering supplies on the phone in the front space. Not recommended.
this place doesn't live up to the hype, in my opinion.  the alcoholic milkshakes are good.  the sweet potato chips are pretty good.  but, the burgers?  meh.  \n\ngo to tessaro's.
Very responsive and reliable. Thank you to Bim & his crew!
I was dragged to this show by my girl and some friends. I wasn't looking forward to it, but I have to admit I enjoyed myself. The best part is the lingerie of course. They sell it in their shop after the show. Just so you know.
