A nice vegetarian place serving good Asian cuisine, honest and not pretentious. A good place to go.
Their Viennese cookies are delectable, and the Millionaire's Shortbread was to die for. Totally worth the drive. I hope they get more business and stick around!
this studio is all about how much money they can get out of you and not about the child. I enrolled my daughter here and after 6 months it was more or less like taking her to a children's jazzersize class that a martial arts practice.
This place is very busy till about mid nite then you have a good shot at getting a place to sit.
Our table received two cold breakfasts after a 45 minute wait and a hot order of chicken fingers. The chicken strips were tiny, the plate was 95% fries. Mediocre food but the waitress was great. She got one of the cold breakfasts taken off the bill for us as well.
I love these guys. Props to Michael ! \nBest service and so honest
Came here to relax by the pool for a couple of hours. While the actual grounds of the pool area are really nice, the amount of children running around was somewhat bothersome. Didn't take Monte Carlo to be one of the more family oriented resorts but I suppose I was mistaken.
Had the Kung Pao beef here the other night and it was pretty darn good. This place usually has a small line and the prices aren't too bad given the location. It is located right next to the Venetian Sports Book which is always a great place to catch a big game.
Good food, service was timely. Waiter had sense of humor. Only downside, the garlic mashed potatoes tasted a bit funky. Other than that, a fine restaurant to eat at!
Just one of the best for cheese and olive oil!  Spices, too. Love the cheese counter.  Can get busy but usually a cheese to sample while you wait.  \n\nCheck it out and check out the other reviews for more info!
Have tried a lot of the pastries and most are great but I have found the service to be quite hit or miss. Sandwiches are tasty but small. Until I can find another option to get french macaroons, I'll keep going there.
Pretty cool atmosphere. The food was pretty good, looking forward to trying it again.
Great atmosphere! My recommendations (2 of the recommendations with a great server) are the braised oxtail, ferran adria beer (great summer ale), manchego cheese, pil pil  shrimp. Definitely will be coming back for more.
Entrees on the smaller side, pricing rather expensive given portion size, staff is friendly if not efficient, and atmosphere is enjoyable and swanky. Brunch seems to be very popular. This place is just meh.
Not too bad. I enjoyed the atmosphere and setup. Tried a few things. Highly recommend the toxin cleanse with ice. Hope this place stays around for a while.
I love this place for lunch.  The food is good, the people are great and the machine are very friendly. At least you can play with 20.00 in.
Had fun in Charlotte....great city...horrible restaurant!
Best Sandwiches- actually, in general best vegan dinner spot in town. I never have to worry if there's meat or dairy in my food :) and raw food nights are amazing!
I attended this church for several years. Recently, I discovered this church teaches reformed theology otherwise known as Calvinism. This is not a doctrine that I believe in, but many others do.  I encourage you do your own research on this subject before getting involved.
Meh, it's OK. The world famous salad is just OK. Service is good though.
They have the best bacon infused bloody mary that is a must try!! Neat little place that has different types of wine and a great happy hour. Service was great as well.
A bit spendy and worth every penny. Super delicious nutritious food. I'd eat here every meal if I was more wealthy. Friendly, helpful service in a clean well lit venue. This is as good as it gets.
Would not recommend. Food was mediocre and service was not great. McDonald is down the road save yourself time and money.
Great spot for beers on the strip.
I love yogurt land!  They have lots of flavors and tons of toppings.  Its almost always really busy but the line moves fast.  Its much better than mojo!
The food was terrific, but there was only one server so the service was a bit slow. The dessert was also really good, but not the typical tiramisu I've had before. The gnocchi was perfect!
Food was ok, service sucked!
my 1st visit.   Breakfast was great. Had an egg white veggie omelet.  Delicious.  Service was good.
I haven't been to the Getaway in a few years, and now I remember why.  Aside from my hubby, who got a burger and fries, we were all rather underwhelmed with our dishes.  Once upon a time this place used to be really good.  Now not so much.
Big selection of Vietnamese foods!  Taste pretty authentic to me. Pretty crowded on a Saturday evening, so apparently many others agree with me. The area is not in the high end district but their parking lot is entirely fenced off, and it has plentiful parking behind the restaurant.
Overpriced applebees! very slow service took over 45 minutes to receive appetizer. They were out of plates to serve our meal which was burnt chicken over penne pasta for $17
First review I was pretty upset while writing but they did not deserve 1 star. 2 stars is more like it overall but if I could rate just the talent, I'd give it 4 stars.
Great food, the yellowtail and crispy pata were perfect!! Will definitely come here every time I am in Vegas.
Ask for Jeff. He did a wonderful job. We had a great evening.
First time Daisho sushi. I love this place \n\nGood food and good Price. \n\nI will be buck !!!
Love some Tiki Lounge.\nDrink specials? A waterfall?\nJungle black out time.
Terrible service and average food. Enough said
A great place for dogs to run and let it all out!  Plenty of room in 4 different ares (3 for large and 1 for small dogs) Also a nice place to make and meet new friends as well while allowing your pets to tire out.
I was craving for iced coffee , there was a long line in this branch.\nThe waiting time was 10 minutes ,\nBut in the end I got my ice coffee and it was  good and refreshing.
Worst. Coffee. Experience. Ever...  sorry guys... bad coffee and music was so loud I couldn't work/hear/concentrate. Way pricey for tiny cup. Portland or isn't even that $$
Delicious and fresh.  Very tasty with many different variety if sushi and the sashimi salad is just awesome!
Terrible service. I understand that it was the opening of the restaurant. But you have to be kidding me. Waited hour for a Service and nothing. Such a shame. At least the drinks were good. Bartenders were amazing. The waitresses need some more training. Never again.
Friendly people. \nGood healthy food. \nI doesn't matter to me but everything is gluten free.  \nMinus 1 star for being a tad bit pricey for my cheap ass
Food is awful !!!!!! Get a new menu and cook. Don't deserve a star.
I was starving and wandering around without a clue where I was and I found here the best sandwich (tomato, brie, pesto, brocolli on wonderful baguette, save half for later!) and the best coffee (served with a lovely macaron and a shot of soda water).
Do not waste your time and money.  I left and went home and washed my hair again.  It was the worst style I have ever had.  No comparison to Dry Bar in the Quarters.
I love Rainbow Nails and most of the techs are great.  Tammy is the best, however.  They do a great job on gel nail polish and I usually get about two and a half weeks before they need to be replaced.
Price are outrageous. Don't order the hand roll. One piece = $10 of your life. I wanted a higher end sushi restaurant and I got a rip off. The sushi was great but it still over price.\n\nDon't go there unless you are a high roller.
Visited the Mac Shack recently with a friend for lunch.  Service was friendly and I was glad they had a whole wheat pasta option.  Large portion but it wasn't spectacular.   Not bad, but not someplace I'll go out of my way to visit again
The pizza is so good that I forgive them for being Red Sox fans and will continue to eat there despite all the Red Sox posters. So if a New Yorker can tolerate Red Sox paraphernalia the Pizza has to be good!
Bagels are good. Waited about 5 minutes before they started my cappuccino. 10 minutes after that when it was still an empty cup I told them nevermind and left. This location seems to do an ok job with 3 or fewer people in line. The one at Desert Ridge does better with rushes .
Heather and Ashliegh have changed my life. They are amazing pilates instructors who know their stuff and how to teach it. I've been practicing pilates for 8 years and these are the best instructors ever. Amazing!
This was a pleasant surprise, the food is very clean. Not very greasy, like or places in the area. It is very hard to find good restaurants in this area and ones that serve good sushi almost impossible. This is definitely a diamond in the rough.
I really tried liking this place but the food just wasn't any good. The pizza at SAMs club was better in my opinion and it was a lot cheaper.  But if you're into pizza that have no texture this is the place for you.  Hope this review helps the cooks there.
Very nice clean place,  big screen tv's great, nice atmosphere, good prices, the asada taco salad was not good ( beans where too salty and too many ), I will go back to try them again, the place is great!!
Not much of a selection - smokes, candy, perfume, and booze. The duty free shop in Canada offered much more variety.
I've been eating pizza my whole life. I'm Italian from NY, and have spent time in Chicago. So I know what Chicago pizza is supposed to be.... Not this. Not at all. \n\nAnyone on here that thinks otherwise... Well, that's what opinions are for I suppose.
I love this place- instructors are friendly and teach with patience and encouragement. I love the diverse crowd- you do not have to fit the tiny yoga girl mold to feel comfortable and welcome! As someone else said, parking is easy and the class times are great for busy working folks.
Don't come here if you value your lungs.  You can light up anywhere.  We moved multiple times and could not get away from smoke.  The ventilation is not good enough for the smoking that goes on.  Wynn offers a Vegan menu everywhere, but doesn't care about your lung health.
Generous portions and super tasty. I love the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries!
it's a great place to experience. had a tasting menu and everything was really good. they have a cute traditional rooms with cool chairs.
I have a weakness for Breakfast Jacks. I don't know why. This one is notorious for either giving you an incomplete order, or not being able to understand the workers, as I speak English. I mean that in the nicest way possible. (But check your order before you leave.)
Do not stay here. It really blows. Room is small. I could hear the people next door talking and moving around. Parking is a mess and way over priced. Not to mention they charged me $250.00 extra for a deposit which you get back when you check out.
Good prices, great value,  nice selection s.
I always underestimate how lovely this little garden is surrounding the Melville monument. Usually host to various events and exhibitions during the year you are likely to see a fee things pop up in and around here.\n\nIf not then it is a lovely little place to sit and relax with a Razzo Coffee.
The food was tasty and the service was pretty good. If you're in the mood to try something different, check this place out. The hummus was especially good with the piping hot pita bread. Yum yum
So gross. So, so gross. I wasn't expecting fine dining, but seriously?! \n\nThere's nothing \"New York\" about this shit hole, unless you count the dirty prints on the wall.\n\nDon't waste you're time or your money.
The food was ok but we had to wait for about an hour and a half after we ordered for it to show up! Not only that but the wait person was quite rude. Save your time, go somewhere else.
Yum! Glad to see some new variety in town. The little spendy, but worth it!!!!
I absolutely adore Lush!  They have so many amazing products, and the staff are always friendly and extremely helpful.  So far I've only tried the bubble bars, bath bombs, and one soap,  which are all fabulous.  I definitely plan to branch out and try some of their other products.
Great local produced meats which turn into great sandwiches. Expanded menu after 4PM. Also have a special everyday for sandwiches as well. Highly recommended.
Went to zipps saturday, food was ok, the service was horrible, server disappeared, v ould not locate her to get refills, bill etc, oh did come by the table once to see if everything was good, did not even get a chance to take a bite!!!!
Went for lunch... I've had better.\n\nWith 300+ seats and 3+ turns per meal, it's a factory.
i had alot of fun last time i went there thier lounge room with the dance floor was cool and the security at the casino were frendly i enjoyed myself.
from the moment we checked service was fantastic and not because I am platinum marriott member. from the bellman, to the valet, room service great service. the upgrade was nice too
The food is delicious. Great burgers. \n\nDrinks are good and very reasonably priced. \n\nTwo staff members got in an argument while I was there and one was escorted out. \n\nThat being said, I still like the place.
Horrible service, old flowers.  Tons of swearing and screaming coming from the back room, very unprofessional.
I followed Holly Haugan to this salon. The staff is super friendly and per usual holly did a great job on my hair. I have recommended many girl friends to her and they all love her. I definitely recommend.
I went to Hawthorne's for lunch with coworkers for a birthday celebration. The restaurant is tidy and well-kept. They offer a full bar and televisions for sports entertainment. The service was good and the food was tasty. I typically do not frequent pizza spots, but this one is suitable for a casual social gathering/outing.
This is my favorite mall in Arizona. Best stores, best prices, best selection.
Services that i've experienced were excellent. They're honest about your car's needed repair and maintenance. I haven't been shortchanged whatsoever by their service. Highly recommended for honda maintenance and repair needs.
It was a buffet, so of course it is a notch below a normal restaurant.  The food was good, but nothing fantastic.  If you are in the mood for a seafood buffet, I would recommend it.  Next time we are in Vegas, we will most likely go here again.
This is the best Chinese restaurant in town, although, not the entire menu is Chinese food.  My favorite is the Singapore ricestick (#N8) and ginger scallion gyoza tong mein (#26).  The noodles are made from scratch and nothing compares.
Great food and best bang for the buck! Go in during happy hour and you wont regret when you leave! Must try their wings and sliders, i prefer mild wings and tuna melt sliders.
I love Chipotle with all my heart! This location is awful, terrible service and I will NEVER return!!
Lots of tvs! (great for sports) drinks are decently priced and its not really smokey so thats always a plus! I tried their shrimp mac and cheese. I would definitely go back for the mac and cheese!
Typical IHOP. They were not busy though when we had our dinner; it was okay.
Fantastic! Service was very attentive- everything we ordered was delicious and beyond our expectations. The quail lettuce wrap was a pleasant surprise, pork tenderloin was very tender and the gnocci was fabulous!! Cant wait to go back :)
This is my favorite boa location. Staff is helpful and friendly. It can get busy tho especially with all the retailers banking here. \nI don't mind it because after your done there is so many food places around that area!
Just visited here recently and I was severely disappointed. The toppings were stale and the prices were way too high. Oh well, back to Mojo's!
This is a good place to find decent wine, by the glass.  The first floor lounge is modern and somewhat trendy.  Prices are above average, but service is good.  An excellent club to show off that pretty (little) black dress once the evening gets rolling.
I ate here a few years ago and all I can remember is how much I wanted to go back. The patio was quaint and when I saw bacon on the dessert menu I knew it was going to be good, and it was.. Definitely go here if your thinking about it.
Food was good but the wait was way too long to get in. My wife ordered a hamburger well done and the waitress said well doe takes an additional 15 minutes. Are the now using sunlight with a magnifying glass to cook. Why an additional 15. I don't know but it took 30 minutes to get our food.
Grade: B\n\nGo. Eat. Enjoy. Make reservations because Lombardino's is back, baby!
This location is my favorite!! Always correct, always fast and they accept the iPhone Starbucks app!! Love it!!
Going to close soon
Had chicken skewer platter from here, rice was perfect. good meal. will bring husband when they move to new location on durango in oct
This place is horrible. regulars are rude, bikers wear colors and tension is high. new owners did nothing to improve it, but  raised the prices.
I live in the neighborhood stop by a few times the food is always pretty good, the service is always pretty bad, it's a great place to go up you want to stop drinking because you will be waiting a while for that refill
It looks cool friendly staff but over priced.
Good food and atmosphere during the day (lunch to happy hour). However, it gets ridiculous on the weekends. $10 dollars a drink that probably cost them $1 to make is absurd and straight highway robbery. Go for lunch, stay clear at night.
This place is awful dont waste your money go somewhere else. delivery took almost two hours and pizza was cold. Not to mention my order was wrong. I used to work here many years ago i hate to see this franchise go down the toilet. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!!!!!!!!
Really enjoyed this quaint hotel... Not too big and quite close to Princes street.  Would stay there again.
Love this store. They always have some unique staff like a bottle of wine or some beer that is only available there. Also they have a good lunch menu, which is very convenient if u are on the run and want to eat something on the heathy side. I definitely would recommend it to my friends for it's convenience.
Nice place, great food and Pizza. I will be going back. A great place to eat while at Fremont Street
The sushi is really good, but it's kinda pricy. The customer service is kinda weird too. Overall it's a decent place to go though.
Store is in chaos.  They fired their manager (deserved), but apparently have no plan.  The poor kid today, he was the only worker there all day.  I have to assume the franchise owners are just terrible.
Had the roti and 1/2 rack of ribs. The chicken was great, the ribs were a bit dry but not bad. Don't know if it was worth the price though. If we come here again I think I'll stick with just the rotisserie chicken
The honey latte is amazing! The atmosphere is a bit too hipster for this dad...but the java keeps me coming back whenever I'm in town!
Great environment, awesome fries, gumbo is good, wings are great and crispy. Love how many choices on seasoning there is...anything from hella hot to the faint at heart. Will definitely return. Staff is very welcoming and helpful.
Waited ten minutes for drink order to be taken. Then were told we had to wait because the kitchen was backed up. Then had to wait another 20 mins for check. Food was okay.
Rude, rude, rude and overpriced.  Ripped off a friend of mine when she was consigning furniture.  Don't do business with them.  It was pathetic how they took advantage of her.
Had the super nachos and hard shell taco. Nachos were loaded- had extra toppings when we ran out of chips and the tacos were nice with a little heat.
Good food and vibe,l but stay away from the monkfish
Great value great service great prices - I'm a regular here and it's never been short of 5 stars. The staff HUSTLE here - hard working and customer service orientated.  Love this place.
Good food, great beer and a great atmosphere. The place is always popular when I have guests come into town.
The classic 'date' or 'romance' place on campus. Good food and always fun. The Cellar Bar is great place to get away from the craziness of State Street. Great little basement hideaway!
Nice atmosphere and good service but the food is not so great.  Had wings, fries and ribs, all not good.
Service was slow, overcharged for beverages and food is overpriced and mediocre. It wasn't even busy at the time of evening we came. I'd much rather go to Carraba's for the same price. The service is always on point and the food is exceptional every time. Done with Babbo.
My son and I loved this place.  The pizza is delicious and the desserts are fabulous.  My ten year old son decided to try a white pizza and he was converted from red sauce immediately. The service was also very helpful and attentive.
Wish I could get my money back, left worse than I went in. Tried 2nd time and left without any relief. Purchased a month of visits. My other Chiropractor helps but not open on weekends so thought I would try this one.
This cab company serves Summerlin, and a neighbor told me to give them a try for my trip downtown. I liked that that they were so familiar with the area that they got to me easily and relatively quickly.  The driver was a Cuban guy, very friendly and fun to talk to about his views of Las Vegas.  I'll use them again.
Service at this location is faster than the one on Pinnacle Peak Road (about 37th Ave).  But it still takes some time while the servers chat with their regulars.  Seems odd they cannot make the beverages while talking.  And work faster.  This company should know people have places to be.
great mixology drinks very creative,  look for Groupon 2 for 1 drinks, good atmosphere, i would recommend if you are downtown and just wanted to hangout and listen to some breakin beats
Pricy but food was not as good as before , we had this 40 year old lady serving us and she didn't do well...gave us the wrong check and went back to blame on the cashier when she was the one grabbing the wrong check..I heard it all..won't go back again
we got a flyer on our door and literally called 15 times over an hour but no one ever answered the phone.  A few times they actually hung up on us.  We were willing to try a new place since we order pizza every week but this place will not be on the list next time.
Very friendly great service excellent food Terisa was an excellent server I was in a hurry and got my good very quickly
The burgers were pretty good, but the service was lousy. 15 minute wait despite being half empty.  Took about 30 minutes to actually get our food.  Too expensive for bad service like that.
this place is awesome lobster roll is great just wish itwas bigger the shrimp n chips amazzzzing
Efficient and friendly service, excellent lunch specials, sushi was fresh and delicious. Recommend the Tarantula roll, and their California roll was best I've ever had (simple roll, excellently prepared).
It's like Vegas here.\n\nFull of flashing lights and noises, but no real content or anything to make you stick around too long, but it looks so fun from a distance.
My favorite meet-up place with my friends (not my husband)...the coffee here is just wonderful and the pastries are to do for! Very classy! Highly recommend! In the heart of Summerlin at tivoli village.
The best feeling is coming out of a nail spa and admiring your freshly done nails...this was not the case. Costumer service was non existing, felt I unwelcome and service was rushed. I will not be returning.
In my opinion the place is nice just way over priced
Great atmosphere, food and staff!!! The restaurant is at what used to be an old home and has a lovely outdoor seating area with cafe lights and landscape. Perfect place to cozy up with a cup of joe and great food. There are also some rescue birds that you can walk around and see after your meal. Highly recommend!!!
Cheapest Mexican breakfast in town!!!  Great food and ok service.  The one on Gibson is the best in my book.
Nice all you can eat menu...watch out for the Oysters not so good at room temp!!
Great place. Good food, and friendly staff. Definitely try the fried pickles. I came here two nights in a row and had the fried oyster and steak with shrimp. Both dishes were delicious and came out promptly.
Sad that there is such bad customer service when the economy is so bad. I hope management knows they're paying employees to play with cell phones and talk on the restaurant phones while ignoring customers. What a shame
The theatres are too small, they overcharge on refreshments/snacks. customer service really isnt all that great...
Very metro not the highest quality but it works. Not the funnest area for young couples but not horrible either. Oh yeah the bathroom mirrors have a circular light around them that make your eyes look crazy.
I love it here! I volunteered here and the manager and staff are all very caring and trustworthy. They only think of the best for the birds and give them, a absolutely healthy balanced diet. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is a exotic and native bird lover :)
If a person can't feel at home at Harold's, there's no hope. GREAT atmosphere, good spot for people watching, Steeler Bar on Sundays...the Italian Stallion sandwich will blow your socks off. DON't miss this spot !!!!
I lived at this store during my Vegas stay.  They have it all.  Water, crown royale, and 5 hour energy.  What else do you need in the Vegas?
I'm not a coffe drinker... Their hot chocolate is ok. The environment is very laid back.
What you're really doing is playing for the experience. I had the mini crab burgers and they were pretty good. The drinks are good, but overpriced. Service was mediocre.
Cool vibe, nice servers, sweet decor, decent (emphasis on decent, not oh-my-god-I-was-totally-blown-away!) food. Not amazing. But worth a trip to see and be seen :) Sit at the bar and it will make you feel hip.
Went to The Spot the other morning with my girlfriend for brunch. Let me just say, AMAZING!!  I ordered the veggie scrambler and it was a blend of flavors that truly impressed me. Will defiantly return!
It looks like a hole in the wall, but the Tom Yum is one of the best I've had in a looping time.
Average, the cheese dip was good. I got the Black and Blue quesdillas, which were great! But the side of slaw was not great, I wish it would have come with beans and rice. Overall it is not a bad place, but not the place to go out of your way for.
Best pizza in the east end
Roast pig ftw! Crab puffs and bbq duck are happiness in mouth. Never want to leave Lee x2. Pickled veggies, so good. I am not original : - (
This place is great and you can't beat the price. Sam's Town is going to be my new favorite hotel to visit when in Vegas. Mostly because of this buffet.
Do not get the taco salad!! Way too much guacamole and sour cream and it is really bland. Kind of a mess.  friendly service, cute little neighborhood atmosphere, but honestly the food is not impressive.
Friendly staff but as some of the other reviews mentioned, tools don't appear to be sanitized for next customer. This is a shame because otherwise I was satisfied but I would rather pay more for clean /safe conditions. Too bad.
Friendly front desk. A little condescending toward the back. Lovely jewelry, extensive collection of lovely things. Well worth a visit for unique gifts.
I had to take this place from 4 to 3 stars because there is too much grease and it sits a little to long in the tummy.  Last time we ate there it felt like our stomachs gazed upon Medusa and turned to stone. Still tasty though!
This restaurant is closed.
We went into El Encanto for a late lunch.  The place was clean but service was slow.  We ordered pollo fundido.  The meal was not edible.  I was not sure if it was the sour cream sauce or not.  I would not go back.
The best sushi in vegas hands down my girlfriend and i love this place
Fun casino, nice and helpful employees.  While gambling it took forever to get a drink.  I understand that's how it works but it would have made our time more enjoyable if we didn't have to keep looking around for the waitress.  Don't get me wrong, it was still a great time & a beautiful casino!
I really like the gap store at Turnberry Town Square...It's so bright and sunny and the staff is so friendly. The store is just the right size to find everything you need and they always have great sales!
Not a good place to stay. Not convenient, hotel service is not good, ice machine was not working in our floor, rooms does not smell fresh and lobby is not accessible. Hotel employees are not professional. Not coming back ever.., sorry!
Love it! \n\nI love the Basil Chicken!
We had a small wedding in April and came to Crepe Cellar for dinner after with our families. The food was delicious, and service was attentive. Everyone enjoyed both the appetizers and the main courses (even the picky eaters!).
alot of the Fresh Easy are going outta busniess. I'm so sad  it's good food and prices. Lower taxes then here in Chicago.
Awful service, our waiter didn't check on us even once. We ran out of our tiny juice drinks in a second and we were holding our hands up for 20 minutes and still got no attention. Breakfast is so-so, portions are big, coupons are just a joke.
They have amazing bruschetta!!!! Absolutely love this place, great date night or girls night out! Highly recommend!
So-So. if you have never had hawaiian bbq than you might like it. but im from SD and i love it here and this place just fell short. staff is friendly and choices are large its just ok though
I love the way she colors and cuts my hair. She's even Redkin color master certified.
We ate at the Zinburger in Tucson and loved it!  So glad they opened one here... can't wait to go!
Do not go here unless you absolutely have no other choice. Nothing good to say about the food or the service. Meh
If you want ice cream with an attitude than enjoy. My two little girls can't and shouldn't eat a whole scoop of ice cream when I asked if I could get 1 scoop and a extra bowl and was told no- I will drive to cold stone down the street.
My new favorite ramen! Shin-Sen-Gumi step aside. If you love thick ramen noodle you will love this place. I love the spicy miso ramen!!! Nom nom nom, flavorful and delicious! Long wait though :(
At game time with the roof closed it was announced that it was 105 outside and 77 inside. Then the roof opened and the side panels opened. Guess what?  It warmed up.  Even the local fans could not figure this one out.
Place is beautiful. Reminds me of the grove out in LA. There is plenty of shopping, restaurants, bars. There is also a kids park. There is a lot to do here.
Always picked over and really not a whole lot cheaper than the non-outlet Burberry stores on the strip this was a big miss for me - not even close to the selection, styles, or deals of Ferragamo, Ted Baker, Theory, or Etro.
Ridiculously good Thai. \n\nGreat service with full range of menu options. We shared the sea bass and some chicken plate that was fantastic.  You can dial up or down the heat as desired. \n\nIf you are in the mood for thai.... This is It!
Impressed that management follows up!  Following my previous review, the management went out of their way to understand what the issue with the customer service, and to take corrective action.\n\nClearly a company that takes its customers seriously.
So confusing. It's layout is different from the rest of the Targets I go too. They don't have much Green Works products there. The sale items wasn't stocked. The place is clean, not much workers around to help.
Delicious find in what looks like a chain.
Arron Kyle and the team at this Guitar Center location went above and beyond to help a local band out who barely made it to the store before the store was closed.  Thanks for the capo and saving the day Arron!
This place used to be really good!\nThe crust isn't the same because they seem to burn it or it has too much bubbles after its cooked. The quality isn't there anymore and that's to bad. I have no other words to describe it.
Love love love this place! Great food, great customer service! 5 stars all the way!!!!
Would be nice if the girl at outside bar would have taken our order instead of gabbing with friends.  Had one beer and left.  Maybe she needs to be work at a lesbian bar instead.  June 15th at 430 pm
Worst experience ever!!! Paid for a 2 Queen room and they gave me a 1 King room, they expect me to share a bed with another guy or not sleep at all. They don't have an extra bed either, they gave me a room that I don't want and charge me extra!!!
The girls who take your order are idiots. They forget or say the didn't hear when you order. Had this happen with the fries, their sauces and our beers.The burgers weren't bad but the service its terrible.
Lunch on the run!  This is a real nice, clean location.
not a place for nonsmokers. the minute you walk in to check in, the nasty cigarette smell linger all over you. we were having a hard time breathing, our eyes turn red and smell like a smoker.  anywhere you want to go, you have to pass the nasty smoker smell. don't bring your kids here.
Kind of overrated, although their bakery was good.  We've been to food markets all over the world, from Mt. Hagen in PNG to Tsukiji in Tokyo.  While this place certainly has plenty of fresh produce there was nothing really special about it.
I was here about 3 weeks ago. Breakfast has been decent but we went to have a burger a few weeks back. It was small and just fell apart. It wasn't anything I expected. Tasteless
Scrambled eggs, toast and hashbrowns.  Simple, basic and just what you want for an early morning breakfast.  It's kind of like having breakfast in someone's kitchen.  I'd recommend starting with (and sharing) one of their cinnamon rolls.  They're big and covered with frosting!  Good stuff!
Its the Ritz, can they do anything wrong?
absolutely worthless. the food is expansive and too salty, no test at all.
I like this place because they have so many vegetarian options. I loved the vege BLT with strips of tempeh yummy :) I love the atmosphere of the place as well. I do think their prices are kind of high, but the food hits the spot!
Great haircut! The amazingly talented Danielle Walker coming through with the fresh cut. Great place, great people, great times.
Now I gotta \"Wobble\" home after a wonderful Scotch Tasting at my neighborhood bar-grill! I love this place!!!
This car wash does not open at seven opens at 730 this is the third time I've been to this car wash the never open on time based off of this website or the time posted that they have on other sites as well
We've been coming here for amost 10 years and now all of a sudden it's closed down and padlocked. Where did they go? What happened? My family is in official mourning now, and I have been craving chicken egg foo young boo hoo! If anyone hears anything post it please.
We ate at the deli.  Their eggplant Parmesan sandwich was delicious, but only contained one thin layer of eggplant (perhaps one quarter of 1 inch thick).  For the price, it was poor value although quite tasty.
How wonderful and delightful my lunch be! I had Asian Chicken grilled salad.  Fun place for kids. The have a nice play area.
Only one thing to say: Lemoncello cream torte.  \n\nMy sole reason for entering the restaurant.
Tough to get a table, and slow service, but the beer selection can't be beat.
Service was a little slow for a Sunday evening but the food was tasty.  Pleasantly surprised they accommodated my special request of chicken off the bone for my curry soup.  The egg rolls were just ok and fish sauce was a little lacking in flavor.  Not sure I'll be back.
Go Phoenix Suns
Food was awesome and so was the service. This was the first black ran/owned resturant that I have EVER been to where the service was great!! All the ladies who work here and run the front of the house were amazing!!  Can't wait to go back!'
Still love this place. No doubt the best in Vegas. Desiree is an amazing chef. Customer service is still the best in my book. Had the cherry gelato today, has to be my new favorite!!
Bean and cheese burrito was awful. The beans tasted like the canned beans you buy at the supermarket. \nOverpriced food.  Try Filiberto's instead. Some of them have daily specials running monday thru friday.
Just moved to this side of town, used Goodyear on Bell road in Surprise so when we had a issue on the first day in our new house we took it to this location.  Bad idea.  Felt like we were used and abused.  Will try someplace else next time.
I'm a regular, what more can i say!
Firefly is one of the best restaurants I have eaten at in Las Vegas! I have been to Spain and had Tapas there. Firefly is the most authentic I have had in the States! Their menu is very extensive. Their lobster stuffed mushroom is simply delightful!
This place is good if you're in the mood for dancing. Service is difficult to come by, long wait times at the bar. Basement smells like straight up urine, no one is checking those bathrooms!
I think this place is OK. I was new in town and need a inexpensive place for glasses and this hit the spot. They are very helpful and not pushy with sales pitches. Only not a big selection.
Vincent has done a great job on the 2 times he has come to my home to clean my windows. He is professional, and his prices are very fair. I am a realtor and have recommended him to a few of my clients and they have all been extremely happy with him. You will not be disappointed if you use Twenty20 Window Cleaning.
Didn't stay at this hotel, but it was sooo cute.  Love the many food choices and wow, had the best chicken burger ever.
Amazing!! You see results as little as a month and each class you feel better an better! I was so sick of cardio and its a great way to build muscle and tone up. It's certainly addicting and relaxing all at the same time. Once you start, it's hard to stop.
Standard Arizona \"Chinese\" fare. I ordered takeout from this place and both dishes were soggy and bland.  The service was great and the food was ready for pickup within ten minutes, my only problem was that the food wasn't very good.
We held a corporate happy hour event here, and it was a total success. Doug and his team were extremely accommodating and quick to answer any questions I had in preparing for our event. I chose this venue over others simply because of how attentive and passionate Doug was. \n\nDefinitely recommend!
This place is probably great if you want to get your AYCE fix. Other then that it's average at best. We could barely understand our waitress, they were out of both saki's we picked and we ordered ala carte. The food was good, but again average at best.
Never again will go to this fast food ever!!!! No ahi poki, no halo halo come on why don't you just close your place!
Living in South Phoenix this is one of your best options for delivery. Either that or pizza. They have great options of Americanized Chinese cuisine (which most people around here are looking for) and some sushi options as well. Happy hour is off the hook! You can't beat a $6.50 scorpion bowl anywhere.
For nearly $8 for a turkey club i was severely dissapointed when the bread ended up being stale and hard. And you could totally tell that the cheese was the cheap processed american slices type. Walking in it seems like they sacrificed quality food for a showy appearance.
Dave and busters your food is a joke.  When in order a platter I expect more for the price you charge than a pic I'll couple of pieces.  Def overcharged
nice place... but beware they only let you tan every 24 hrs.  which means if you go in at 5pm on thurs. you can not tan again tell 5p fri.  I suppose its their way of saving/making more money off people.  I would tell people to find another place.
I like the beer. The food is OK the chicken sandwich was good. I think it is  a little pricey but a decent deal during happy hour. One of the better places in Chandler to have a beer for sure.
Awesome food service and atmosphere. We throughly enjoyed our dinning experience and strongly recommend this restaurant to all our friends and family
This place is pretty trashy, I'd rather smoke my hookah at home.
I stayed twice at the Excalibur and both times everything was perfect! Nice staff, comfortable room, great location and unbeatable price! Oh and there's Buca Di Beppo!
The only bar with NFL Sunday Ticket in the Southside... best fried cheese too!
I mean it's Pizza Hut what do you actually expect. But I can say there a new pizzas are terrific and actually tasteful!
Really good food, quick, clean and many gluten free options! Highly recommend this place, would've given 5 stars if the staff was friendlier in talking to me about the GF options.
Disgusting. Grilled Fish taco looked like cat food and didn't taste any better.  Took 2 bites and threw away.
I wasn't impressed.  The carpets and counters in my room were really dusty and dirty. Plus my \"nonsmoking\" room smelled like an ashtray. No coffee pot in the room was rough!!
Great service.  Large portions.  A bit tricky to find the place in the dark but it's worth it.
i had a salmon burger, which was fine.  it came w/ pickle on the side, and you have to order fries separately.  i would have liked it if the salmon was more rare, b/c it was a bit overcooked.
It's nice here. Nice people and clean. If you want something fast then go here. I live close by and walk there sometimes with my friend because it's quick and easy.
Just aweful! Sure hope this is not a pattern at all McDonalds.
I've been going to Today Nails since they've opened. Ben and Nancy are amazing at what they do. By far the best pedicure I've ever had. I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else
Love the 440 and the tuna salad.  Best tuna ever.  Food is much better dine in that take out but still a winner.
I have been to Pittsburgh and both times I have had drinks at this bar. The food is excellent, as well as the beer selection. Lots of IPAs on tap. Also, the surrounding area has lots of bars and restaurants. If visiting Pittsburgh, you have to go to the South Side.
We did not stay here just came to eat & gamble... The casino is on the smaller side the restaurant was decent.
Generic Ihop food, cheesy corporate surroundings, but bolstered by outstanding service that elevated a 2.5-star experience to 4 stars. On a previous visit here, the music was so loud we couldn't hear ourselves think, but no such problem this time. Good overall experience for a \"chain\" breakfast.
My new favorite place!  Yummy food (try the turkey and Brie panini) and great wine on tap.  Cozy and inviting ambiance, love Kat and Sarah :)
Good atmosphere, good food!
Well this was not good, not good at all. \nWould not go back and would not recommend.\nGo and try it if you want to walk away hungry and feeling like they should have paid  you to eat there. Not sure how this place is going to make it.
This is my second visit here and i am happy to say it was way better than after they just opened.  \n\n2 egg breakfast with bacon and hash browns were perfect.  Service was excellent and had some sympathy for those of us who were nursing hangovers.
Basic breakfast.. nothing really spectacular or bad.. just so so.. the walnut pastry was kind of dry and the service was rushed and disinterested.
Great food , big portions , cool way to serve  soup , prices are good , the owner is willing to adjust food items for  vegetarians
This place is kind of a dive, pies are just left out on the counter which made me nervous to eat/order them.  I was expecting amazing pie and it was disappointing. The coconut cream was mostly whipped cream with very little filling.  The peanut butter mini pie was better, but nothing amazing.
I don't know why and how this place is getting 5 stars. to me Island flavor is 100x better. I got the quarter leg plate and I wasn't that impressed. if you want Hawaiian food then I recommend elsewhere.
Found Venezia's on the Bing app on my phone.  The place was large, roomy, and clean.  The staff was patient and friendly even when we changed our minds 3-4 times when we were at the register.  \n\nTheir pizza and wings were good enough to merit several visits back during one week.
This can company is ok. The service isn't great but I do like that they do a lot of work in sustainability.
Had the gnocchi delivered. Absolutely terrible. Gnocci's had to have been 2 years old. Delivery guy was shady too.
Enjoy their use of brown rice, as an option, in their bowls.  Their veggies are crisp and fresh, and their chicken dishes are the very tasty.  Outdoor seating also a plus.
I lived there for 12 months last year, and while they advertised that they had newly renovated, my apartment was never renovated. The maintenance guys were always very nice and fixed repairs in a timely manner, but I thought it was overpriced for the condition of the apartment. And the gym was okay but nothing special.
I had trouble finding it from it's apparent location on google maps, it's in the plaza with Fresh N'Easy. My first time there with my dog today, the girl was friendly and helpful and the place was clean!  I just wish it were a little less expensive and I'd go back more often.
Delicious rotisserie chicken and the cilantro rice is really yummy too. Everything I've had has been delicious!
We tried to enjoy crepes for dessert. Not only were we faced with rude service, but the crepes were some of the worst I have ever had. They over cooked them, smashed the fruit and they put on so much chocolate it was swimming in sweet. If you want authentic crepes, don't go here.
Coach Christa and Suzie are awesome with the Novice Girls! They are great at keeping the kids' attention and helping them progress! They have helped her in her confidence and patience!
Yolos was very disappointing.  The chicken fajitas were the blandest I've ever had.  Guacamole was tasty though.
Great menu and ambiance, but poor execution.  Ordered Breakfast Power Sandwich on whole wheat bagel, got it on regular bread heavily grilled with butter. Not a healthy choice, and they screwed up the order. Cashier was super grumpy, and I let her know, she didn't care.
Fantastic food. One of the freshest Asian meal I ever had. They make dumplings by hand fresh and we could taste the freshness of ingredients and everybody in my family loved it. Peanut noodles were amazing. Good service and I hope they maintain the quality of service and food consistently.
Pizza was OK, but hit the spot at 4am after a night of boozin!  Quick service and priced for strip!
Great food and very friendly staff. Highly recommend. Was out on a business trip and couldn't have felt more welcomed.
Can't say anything bad about the place. The food is okay. I brought my daughter with some of her friends there after the movies. They ordered chicken strips, French dip, burgers, and a big cookie desert.\n\nThey seemed to enjoy the meal. It was a good place to bring the kids.
Came once and had amazing pasta dish. It really was to die for. Alas I can't remember what it was so I guess I'll have to eat my way thru their menu til I find it.  It's a tough job but somebody has to so it
it's hard to study here because of all the hot milfs and cougars that walk in, and the drive through window is often times super packed and the line extends quite long, so be careful parking near it or you may have a hard time backing out.
They have a new owner and the prices have gone up. I can go to El Pollo Loco and the chicken taco al carbon is less expensive.
I've been to Cowfish twice already, and while everything was good, it still seems way overpriced to me.  $14 for a salad, even with the tuna, is too much I think.  On the plus side, we did have great service, and our friends loved their sushi and giant burger.
Lovely modern decor.  Service really good and helpful. Food - delicious. SEVICHE , fabulous.  Portions small for the price.
This is the best Whole Foods I have been to. They have a wide variety of...well, everything. SO many gluten free items, produce and decadent desserts. This Whole Foods is worth the drive.
too many people. line to register was way too long.\nI hate Las Vegas.\nI stayed here because I went to Zion National Park.
3 guys, 1067$ bill.  This place is overkill and not in a good way.  8 dessert plates and each one had at least 1 scoop of ice cream. This place is insane.
Stayed here in July and August while attending conferences. The lobbies are very elegant(loved the flower and fruit arrangements on the tables), but the rooms are only average and ordinary. I was rather disappointed as it was \"Four Seasons\". I would rather stay at the Venetian.
Great little Italian place.  Very small dining area, so a long wait.  The food was good.  The arrabiatta was actually spicy which is rare here since most places dumb it down for the general population.  Service was good.  A solid 4 star place.
Was not impressed....sadly the food did look better than it tasted imho. However this review would be for saturday morning brunch buffet I guess...or if this was their standard lunch buffet for the weekend...I really wished I spent the $37.88 elsewhere.
Wow this is some good greek food and great service.
Sure it was 3:30AM in Vegas. Slow service.........
The food was deeeeelicious! Beer cheese soup is amazingly good, the wings and the pastrami sliders too but the soup is a must!
No Hay! Very nice guys there. They pointed me in the direction of Mesa Feed, even gave me the address.
Good after hours spot! I usually go around 2am on the weekend after hanging out at the epicenter. The food is okay, but the people watching is hilarious. FYI, the crowd can get a little rough.
wonderful! i love this palce, the free wifi, the Food is magnificent and overall a must go for LUNCH!
Great food and ambiance! Service was terrible. She never came back to the table after we ordered our food.
Wow!!! Great food, inviting atmosphere, cold drinks and HOT women. \nHeterosexual males and lesbians... This place is heaven.
I always get their salads and the Gyro meat is not greasy, Chicken is very good as well too. Lettuce, cukes, peppers, olives, onions. Easy location but can fill up at lunch with Honeywell folks sometimes. Pitas are great! Service is friendly and prompt.
This place appears closed.  I had bought a Living Social coupon for Mix N Mac - it expires today.  I went last night at 6:15 and they were closed.  Went today at noon and they are closed...oh, well...
Fact: All of my best drinking times happen here. Great selections for different budget types. Fave of the faves: Rare Vos
Pancakes are the best I've ever had. I went with my personal favorite - chocolate chip & shared them along with a corned beef omelette.
Excellent ice cream, friendly employees, and proceeds benefit good causes. What more could you want? I recommend stopping in to chat with the employees and support them. Each ice cream they sell benefits local charities and other good causes. The place isn't fancy, but I just took that to mean they are spending their money on better things than decorations.
Got it deliver. Sesame chicken was great! Little cold because of having it delivered but good! Will defiantly order from them again!
Very impressed with this hotel.  Our room was very clean, had a separate tv room and two bathrooms.  We were able to bring our dog with us and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Only thing I would like to see is free wi-fi.
This is one of the better steaks you can find in town. Excellent service. The antique bar and the history of the place is nifty too. However, the location is weak - unless your staying near the airport. This is an upscale steakhouse for special occasions, so dress up.
Not bad for a chain.
Beautiful, historic space in a glorious city on a poppin' street.  Was here from Philly for a wedding and boy was it worth the 18 hr drive!  We danced all night! The food was eh, staff was friendly...especially the guy with the curious mustache that danced with the party on his was out ;)
love noda and was hoping for some true cajun food, but was disappointed by the tiny, tiny shrimps on the po'boy. my mom liked the muffaletta though.
The first time I've regretted my bariatric surgery. Seriously the food was amazing, the staff polite, and the new restaurant was gorgeous. I only wish I could have enjoyed more food there.
This place is barely any stars, the noodles are so bad. I can see them closing down soon if they don't change their menu. Several couples got up and walked out. I had the hand pulled noodles before and this is the worse. Don't waste your time and money here.
World's messiest gift shop! Hahahahaha! Lots of cheap, generic gifts that can be found elsewhere on the Strip. Travel a little further to Fremont Street and you'll find more similar items for much cheaper. Also despite their size, there are no bathrooms for patrons.
I'm a big fan of Fresh & Easy. I was sad when I heard they were closing down some of their stores, fortunately they left the store open. Food quality is great, very convenient, lots of self checkout aisles.\n\nSorry that a number of their locations have shut down.
The bar was crammed but clean and the waitresses were super friendly and accommodating.  I'm sure we will be back next year. The bloody mary's are super great!
After my airbrush tan at Bronze Beauty of Las Vegas, I was hungry so I picked up a pizza and piece of cheesecake from Grimaldi's. I ordered a large tomato and basil pizza and it was cooked to perfection. This is the best pizza in town.
Mixed results, BBQ was good but the side dishes weren't anything to write about. The biggest complaint is they don't offer BBQ sausages. And you'd think they'd have Lynyrd Skynyrd playing in the back groud but NO the had classic rock but no skynyrd.
we called 7 minutes before they closed and was just going to get food elsewhere but they took our order anyways. thats reason to order from them again right there! we got a pizza and mushroom pizza and a ham and pineapple. both were pretty good. still warm when we got it. not bad for pizza at 11 at night.
I love this little pizza spot! ^_^ I always stop by here after Marquee or when I'm in the strip area and just want a quick bite to eat. The pizza is great and I love the fact that it is hidden. This is pretty much a stop-and-eat place in its own corner. Has a neighborhood feel.
Good thai restaurant, if u r craving thai\nVegetarians have a good number of choices to explore. Good service, good food and okish ambience.
Decent course, extremely friendly staff and amazing amenities. There are public courses you can play for a better price that have a better track. Glad I played it
Great food. Great atmosphere.  Service was top notch. It is definitely a new favorite we will be back for sure. The crawfish is excellent and the crab legs were some of the best I've had
Just o.k. to me. The two best things about it are 1) The view, and 2) the french fries.
Love this place and their chocolate. The Red Fire bar is my absolute favorite chocolate bar. I also love all of their drinking chocolates. Not as big of a fan of their filled chocolates, but they're good. Just not my favorite. I really like the bars better and the drinking chocolates.
Good for both new sushi eaters and the seasoned!! The volcano roll is amazing! Usually a short wait but you can stop at a nearby bar for a drink and they text you when your table is ready.
Their fresh fruit cakes are a must for special occasions or a unique treat for dinner party guests. Great local business with excellent customer service! Highly recommend!
I haven't felt this RELAXED EVER.. massage was good and affordable, clean and uncrowded. Do yourself a favor and go with your friends for some serious relaxation. Me and friends always come here when we are in town. Remember to bring CASH.. hope you have a great time...
Explore the menu, but my favorites were the seared scallop rock roll and the sea urchin and squid roll.  Also, the sashimi was excellent.
It's just so so. Not worth the money. \nSeafood platter was fresh. Everything else was either too bland or too salty. \nHad cod as main dish, no flavour at all. So bland.
Four star food. Three star price and 3 star service. Too much upselling. Grilled Octopus rocks but don't order too much...
Always great food, remember our order each time, makes us feel welcome overall couldn't be happier must try restaurant
Always get to stay in a suite when we're there. Wish they didn't switch to Pepsi. Hmmm.... Sorry. I have to take back a star for that. 5 stars again when they have coke again.
I picked a stew on the menu #53 it did not have a chili pepper next but low and behold it was fuckin spicy.  The servers weren't any help, they weren't very informative,  and only spoke to us 3 time. Bad service...bad
The girl started making my pizza before even asking me what I wanted & what kind of dough I wanted. Every table was dirty. The same girl walked passed me while I was cleaning our table & didn't even help. I'll never come back here again.
Really good brownies. Good coffee. Service, not so much. \nThe hipster staff has that kind of attitude like you're not cool enough to be served. \nI'm paying. You're behind the counter. Get over your existential issues and do what you're supposed to do.
Nice place for a sportsbar, but a bit pricy.  They do have a decent crab legs special sometimes, but it's not worth the price still.  I would go somewhere else if you are looking for something other than overpriced bar food and lots of tv's
House salad = one of the best I ever had.\nEverything else was fine.
food is really good a little slow but well worth the wait
The chicken was good and fresh off the frier. The workers were friendly but had to mention that our waitress needs a little \"waitressing etiquette\".  I asked her if the okra gumbo is spicy and she replied that she doesn't know 'cause she doesn't eat the stuff!
This is a good upper-mid range restaurant that has a good selection of food. I was very pleased with the calamari when I had it.
This place is terrible. I used to buy tires and rims and get my car serviced there is terrible. And they pressure you to buy things you dont need. Used to be good but service is garbage.
Das all you can eat Brunch am Samstag war nicht zu empfehlen. Alles scheckte irgendwie \u00e4hnlich und etwas lasch. Der Nachtisch war v\u00f6llig \u00fcberzuckert.
Awesome.  A little hard to find, just park in strip mall and walk to the barely marked door.  Try it, you won't regret it.
I love Samurai.  They are the absolute best sharpening company in town!
Service is horrific!!! The food isn't the best but the service sucks.  Thank god L & L BBQ is near by. Don't waste your money at DTs!!!
I'm a little disappointed in the atmosphere in this bar. It's not at all what I read in the reviews, at least not last night. The music was weird and unless you like 40s of PBR, there's not much drink selection.
Great inexpensive food - I especially like having vegan options!
Good sushi and great infused sake!  Gets a little packed on the weekends but is a fun crowd.
Seeing the signs for quite some time, we were glad to learn that Carhops is now open in their new Strip District location!  1806 Smallman St, in what used to be \"Bill's Produce\".  Same great menu, same great taste!
deliciouse, succulent, moist, tender, spicy, flavorful\nRamados chix is amazing bursting with flavor and soul.\ni can't wait to experience it in Montreal at the real place!\n\nawesome awesome grub
Seafoods- not as fresh as the one in Seafood City Seattle.
If you're not a fan of sirachi chili sauce then pass on the spicy version of ramen and instead use the condiment chili oil on the table. I prefer korean kochojung to sirachi sauce. Good ramen, good broth! ...
OMG!! The Sunday brunch is amazing!! They have everything from Prime rib to Sushi. The breakfast was so good. Great tasting Hazelnut French Toast and Crepes. For $5 more you get endless champagne. We are not talking little glasses of cheap champagne either!! Well worth the money!!
the food is typical to excellent in person, BUT, the delivery is glacial, hopeless really. Give it a pass if you want to eat hot food this evening.
Whenever I go off my maps to find this location it isn't there. Not good maps. I think this location needs to be adjusted.
My favorite BWW. Great set up for watching football games. Super friendly staff!  Buffalo has the best wings, boneless and traditional.
This is a shithole. Overrated and gross watery cold food. Horrible rude waiters who don't care about you if you're in a large party, because they know they are getting their 18 percent gratuity added in the bill anyways. Good luck on getting a martini refill or any apology.
Classic junk food. It's pretty bad. If you want a real burger go up the street to Le Barbare.
I drive 30 mins for this place because they are the best. They have done work pants to bridesmaids dresses for me
Great place to get a steak. My filet mignon was cooked perfectly. Medium rare. My dad ordered the salmon which was good but no where near as good as the steak. \n\nLocated in the Paris across from the Bellagio fountain so you can see the show while eating.
Best food ever!! Ignore those other nasty reviews about this place, it's above my expectations everyday when I come here! Friendly customer service, great prices, but the only thing that would make this 5 stars is if I could get the nutrition info on the food I am eating. Thanks!!!
Bad customer service, only go here of you have to. Buyer beware.
The atmosphere and people were nice enough but when I go to a Mexican restaurant I want some flavor and this food had none!  The singer they had was good til he went to sing at a table then he became way to loud and it made our time there unbearable.  Not sure how it used to be only how it is now.
Excellent service, very thorough, and I would absolutely return if I lived in Las Vegas/Henderson. \n\nInterior was clean and shiny, exterior was impressive, and they did a great job on restoring my headlights.
Noticed this place is packed and had good reviews. I'm from out of town and was overall very satisfied.
The food was basic, good, and fresh. However: the friend chicken strips were bland, the mac and cheese was too greasy and gooey, the fries were \"meh\" and the sauces seemed to be nothing special at all. Now that being said, it was not bad, just not good.
It's too narrow and too bright with sofas that are uncomfortable to sit on. The air is thick with cigar smoke and the rum punch is forgettable. Skip this unless you're an avid smoker.
All I need to say is Cole Haan shoes for $9.99. Oh yes I dih-id!
Very good Indian food with a wide selection including more traditional dishes I wasn't familiar with. It is a small restaurant but always seems busy without being packed. Service was attentive. A little pricey (e.g. Chicken curry dishes were $14) but overall very good.
Had the special breakfast burrito, sadly it was not that great. They are super crowded in the weekends I think I will try them again for a real breakfast but not breakfast burrito.
Great non gmo  food, after I hit the gym I don t feel bad going and eating their bowls. The staff is great, prices aren't too bad. Great fast food alternative for those who want to eat clean\n\nGood job chipotle staff!!
Food was great! Service was terrible!!! Didn't get drinks until we asked a second time half way through our appetizers. Asked for a lemon 3 times finally brought one lemon for 2 people that asked. Never received a refill the entire meal.
I had a decent gyro and fries.  The baklava was dry and lacking in any specialty.
I have been here 2 X. Both were very good... Pizza tasted super and service was good as well. \nVery nice and casual environment... I would go back!!
Love going here for breakfast. The staff is really nice and the food is excellent.\n\nWe enjoyed seeing the planes and there is an upper deck where you get a better view. \n\nI recommend the outside seating if it is not too hot.
Stopped to get some lunch and added a coffee at the very last minute and they gave me the coffee free.  Service is awesome!
Best Pho place in town. Their secret is in the broth which enhanced everything in the soup especially the rice noodles.\n\nI would drive 20 miles just for their Pho.
Located adjacent from Wall-Mart. Order at the counter. Servers will deliver food to the table. Must have: Drunken Catfish, Po-Boys, and Peach Cobbler. Also good are the Gumbo, Banana Pudding, Beignets, and Gator.
The grandest of all ghetto McDonald's.
Very disappointed!Heard so much about this place so we were very surprised! Walked in and immediately greeted... Very good service.\nThe place was dead!!! It was after 9 so drinks weren't on special.. But 8 for a corona!? No thanks!
I love Barron's pizza!  Great crust and hearty pizza.  They also have great wings.  I've been going to this locations since I was just a little kid.  Its always clean and the atmosphere is perfect for those wanting to watch sports while eating dinner.
Interesting business model. I can only expected US Airways to seek out the worst hotel to house their customers they have forced to keep over night because of chronically delayed flights.\n\n1. Hair all over the room. \n2. Dirty sheets\n3. Bed bugs
Not sure why this listing says closed as I was just there for cocktails on Friday for happy hour.  Great happy hour prices, cool place, good service - but it was frustrating that they say they open at 4pm, but they aren't really ready for customers at that time.
Been to several sushi places in town and this one is by far my favorite. We always do the AYCE and you have the majority of the menu as options. The variety is great and the service is fast.
SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!! The staff is rude and their food is just okay. It's too expensive and thy stopped offering mall employee discounts. Also, they are decreasing points earned through five star. $12 fro a sandwich?!?! I think not.
Don't be fooled... not a great part of town. Lazy employees. Unsanitary restrooms and play area. Do not recommend this location at all! Got very sick after eating here.
Friendly place, reasonably priced in attractive location. A natural for hosting friends right? Easy Kemo Sabe! The food can be quite good to downright poor. Like Zorba with arthritis. Can't figure a pattern to it, but its a value/convenience roll of the dice
Heard good things about this place so we stopped by while shopping. Huge mistake. My friend got food poisoning from the turkey sandwich. I had a chicken sandwich that was basically bread and sauce. Not good at all. Even the Mac n cheese was bad. \nNever again.
south indian dishes was good.
I think that this a great representation of urban Phoenix and it has inspired me to shop more local.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Granted I have not had anything from their deli - it all looks yummy!  And I appreciate most of the products - especially the fresh good is local.  Please support!!!
The food is so-so. Widmer on tap. No line. Comfy seating. It does the job.
Do I have to give a star?  Zero stars is my true rating.  Horrible service. Not a tasty product.  Way too expensive.  Nothing positive to say about this place.  We spend our money at Frio Mio and Kokomo - much much better options!
There sandwiches are pretty delicious.
They lost the vibe of the original cafe with this small weird choice of  location.  I agree with another reviewer feels like Starbucks and when am I in this area.  A one and done for me as Sunrise and Grouchy Johns deliver a better overall experience.
I stopped in for a cupcake and choose the salted Carmel - it was alright. I like my salted Carmel a little more salty. \nThe cake was nice and moist. The frosting was good, not too sweet, although I think it could be a little thicker.
the suites are pretty nice.. but the vibe tends to attract an older crowd.. the concierge is pretty worthless.. \n\ni recommend the cosmo over this place.. besides.. aria's blackjack and craps tables are unlucky..
I have never been to a haunted house like this. Going through it is just like stepping into an Eli Roth movie set. So disturbing. I loved it!
Just quoted me $1,200, over the phone, to install a 36\"x80\" replacement entry door in a condo!
Best donuts in Madison' possibly ever. Waited 30 minutes for them to open when I realized I got there early. That good.
Pizza was good , but tiramisu was horrible  , me and my Roomie had food poisoning today .
I love any place where it seems like I'm the smartest person. Yeah I know, that's an arrogant statement.  I stand behind it.  CPCC get your learn on YO!
I've tried their pasta and, more recently, their pizza, and both were very unremarkable, which has been quite disappointing considering what I had heard from others. The pizza in particular seemed bland and tiresome.
I love Ted's. It is easy to eat gluten free there and they even change their gloves when they handle GF items.
If you're looking for someone who's going to diagnose your car correctly and give you straight answers, trust Gene.  He won't replace anything that doesn't need replacing.  If he can't figure out the problem or is not equipped to handle the problem, he'll let you know and even recommend a shop that can.
This company closed their locations and didn't even update their  page about the closure.  Yelp is an untrusted source because the information of this closure is on the internet yet they still advertise as though it is a viable listing.  shame on yelp!!!!!!!!!
6.99 for lunch... Wings, Salad, and Tacos not bad..
Best Chinese place on campus. period.\n\nGet the 3 cup chicken (it's $11) and split it with a friend and you get yourself a cheap, filling, and delicious meal.
hey man 99 cents for deep fried basically anything and lil bit over a dollar for some hot dogs in downtown.. how can you go wrong. If you go there its not for the ambiance but the sheer crazy that is downtown.
Food was decent and adequately priced. I could take it or leave it. The people were very nice but the food took longer than expected.
Couldn't get help to try on shoes (that I would have bought) but they have more than one person greeting at the door.  Great!  No service here, although the selection isn't so bad.
Based on the reviews I have this place a shot, but I must say we were disappointed. I lived in New York for 3 years and this was nothing like the pizza I experienced there. 23 bux for a pizza and 2 drinks...I'd rather go to Napoli pizza and for 8 bux get a better pie.
Feekin best - nicest - most educated waitress ever !!! I would wait 2 hours for her table ... Has a new daughter - and needs to insure her college education has a sound base -- don't be a cheap sob . This kid had moxie and is sweet x
I was quoted 520$ for brake booster. I went to car tech next door to Jd. Brake booster was replaced for 365&. Overpriced shop,unprofessional. I don't recommend Jeff.He will rip u off if your female.
The food is great and the service is always good. This is my favorite Thai restaurant. \nI recommend the Thai beef salad, chicken satay and Singapore noodles.
Hands down, the best pizza in Arizona.  If you don't like it and rate it 2 stars or something, that's fine by me.  Have a nice night at Pizza Hut, I am headed to Grimaldi's.
Just another boring not so cheap Mexican style food joint. Average food at best, slow service and higher priced then it should be. Won't be going back.
Average food for an above average price. 2 stars because they did give us great service
Love the brunch and lunch.  Creative tasty dishes well-prepared and nicely presented.  Nice ambience but a little loud.  Service is good and ask about the specials.  Awesome grilled cheese and soup combo, nice salads and eclectic entrees.  Nice bar like Nora's b4 HS.
\"Go and tick the box\"\nIts not what I expected. Unlike Ricks Restorations you don't get a welcoming feel. No Q when we went ariund 10am on a Tuesday. You can access from bus easily
Hole in the wall but the place is great. Food is hot from the oven and the toffee dessert is to die for!!
Selection is decent but the Crabs are awesome and bigger than most places. For the price alone killed them with the amount of Crabs I destroyed!!!
After reading all these wonderful reviews, I tried calling them and their mailbox is full, has been full and I anticipate from a previous review that there is something seriously wrong at this business.   After trying to reach them for the past month, I am going to have to call somebody else.
Definitely worth a visit!  I had the salted butter and nutella combo...wow it was good. I had never had butter ice-cream before and now I will seek it out.
Mediocre at best. I ate here only because some coworkers liked this place. Nothing special, diner quality food.
For being in palace station wow i was impressed the rib eye was great the salad bar could be a little betterbut the prices good but i agree a remodel should be in the near future but hey they are ony like 30 years behind and it does match for palace staion
Amazing grilled shish taouk & garlic potatoes!! Everybody and anybody knows this place! A must have prior or after the clubs. Always hits the spot. Friendly staff and prices are very reasonable!
rude, slow, and sushi is high priced for the quality given. spent 122.00 for 11 rolls
Food was tasteless. beer was warm and the service was awful. Very slow food took forever there. there  was one other customer in there
I'm going to give it three stars only because, they are not up and fully open. They do have a food bar, bathrooms etc.. But there are no benches to sit on to change your shoes, or drinking fountains. All in all it was fun and I'm glad we got there before the popularity.
Horrible customer service! I'm never going back!
Nice to have downtown but hit and miss, inconsistent quality. Dishes are mostly too sweet. More savory options would make this place more appealing. Either quality at this location is slipping or I have gotten bored with average sweet-themed Asian dishes.
Good food, massive portions, but the atmosohere is rather like a sports bar than an authentic Mexican restaurant.
To be honest, taste is ok. But their service is sooooo bad:( waited for more than 40 mins in front of a empty table in a not a busy time? Forget my order but No explanation or apologize. The attitude of their waitress is not good.
It's QT? Friendly employees!
Came here on Memorial Day weekend and I had a blast.  It was my first time at this club and it wont be my last.  Very fun atmosphere!  You don't need bottle service to have a good time from what I saw and experience but it also wouldn't hurt to have a section reserved for you and your friends.
Good salad selection, healthy choices, great beverage choices.  Prices were pretty reasonable.
My husband Michael loves it here....  Not only because it's literally around the corner from our home, but because the staff, course and restaurant are awesome.  Always has been great experience!!!
Best place we ate at in Vegas this trip. Nice ambiance. Food was delicious, Imaginative menu. Nice interpretation of traditional fare. Prices no more or less than what you'll find in Vegas. Wait staff was friendly, attentive and quick with recommendations.
Saw this restaurant's other location on triple d so i had to try it when i went to phoenix.  I was very impressed. I sample a lot of mexican food in so cal and this is excellent.  Loved the bombero burrito with asada and the carnitas as well.  I highly recommend this place
Love paradise bakery.  Today I had the paradise club, and cookie.  Every time I go here I get great service, amazing food and a cookie :-)  If you have never been to a paradise its time you go!
I don't know how they can put \"gormet\" on the door with a clear conscience.  How do you mess up beef enchiladas?! Terrible overpriced food.
This hotel is just mediocre. Nothing special about it. Besides the fact that it's across from saks. Rooms are very clean. Beautiful views. Long check out and check in lines.
Nothing too special.  Decent prices. PLace is also a hibachi place.
How is it possible to serve such great food at a reasonable rate? Who knows but we had a blast.  Best Mojito I've had in this City.... Try their appetizers Crab Cakes or Artichoke Dip as they are all delicious.
Thank you for the friendly service! But the food was too sweet for me and never really did it for me. I'm willing to try it again, based on it's close location, but I will hope for a spicier experience.
Steak: very good. Decor and ambience: dark, lively, and cool. Bar in front, restaurant more in back. \n\nCan't say much, not my usual fare but everything was very nice.
Love it. Every town needs a cool, but unassuming place where a man can get a decent drink and sit alone at the bar with a frown without worrying about it.
Ordered the pizza/wing special. Pizza was OK but the sauce lacked flavor and the crust was not as crispy as I like it. \n\nThe wings looked great, but the buffalo sauce was watered down and not very spicy.   \n\nService was below average but not terrible.
Don't shop here.  The owner John Menard is PURE EVIL...  Menards is a terrible place to work, not a good corporate citizen, and a terrible customer for its' vendors.  Spend your money in a local hardware store.
Best Thai in town and my fav Basil Fried Rice dish ever. Friendly family, with David as patriarch, great service, clean, clean kitchen and delicious, fresh-tasting dishes.
Food court quality.
Very unhelpful. The staff did not even attempt to address my needs.
Allowed them to hold my debit card here last night, and had $883 taken from my account today. I wonder if there's a connection.
Nasty and cold. If you're not ordering pizza that has been sitting under the heater for awhile, then you'll be waiting for quite some time to receive your order. My mistake of ordering pizza that has been sitting for too long because it was gross.
Dear, Destiny \n        You might think serving tables is the job field for you but it isn't!!! You were the most ditzy waitress ever!!!! Worst service I've ever gotten here! Thank god for the awesome gay server that saved the day!!!
Just went there for a wine bruschetta deal. REALLY good, and the wine was nice as well. Great place (even though it was a little crowded).
This is one of my all time favorite Sunday morning breakfast places! I love the omelets and bagels that they have here, get the garlic cheddar cream cheese it is great on all the bagels! well maybe not the raisin one but hey, give it a try anyway!!
I really wanted to like this place, because it sounds like it used to be really popular. We heard the burgers were very good once upon a time, so we tried them, but they were just ok. Nice people though, and plenty of seating. Good place to watch the game probably (bar).
Delicious homemade ice cream.  Owners are super nice.  Check it out.
A generic bland sushi like so many in this continent. They are pretty cheap so no harm done if you just need to fill your hunger
Love this place! I had a coupon for buy one entree get one free, but the bar code wasn't on my email & I couldn't get one to pull up on my phone. The manager took the meal off our bill anyway, even though we were going to eat there anyway. And the food was awesome as always.
Great place! Great food!
Chain bar food. Mediocre service. Nothing stands out. If you're hungry or need a drink in a pinch...but there are better options across the street.
No longer open for lunch.
Food is pretty good. Every single time I call for delivery they are not taking delivery orders. I'm done trying to order food from this place.\n\nIf I'm ever near there, I will definitely stop by but that probably won't be anytime soon.
Food was greasy. It was hot in there and service was ok. Food was alright. I give them ONE whopping \"bleh\" star and ANOTHER as a thank you for the free egg roll upon checking-in through Yelp. :-p
The lobster roll was actually pretty good. The lobster was a little cold, which I wasn't expecting but still good. The Cajun lobster roll was a little spicy for me, but I ate most of it. It's a little pricy but they do offer a local discount.
Local watering hole - decent food and nice service. Great place to get away from the heat!
I like this Petsmart. The store is very clean and organized. I also take my dogs to the Vet inside here, Banfield,  and they are excellent. Parking is easy and it's easy to get in and out fast.
The lady at station 4 was quick and diligent. Best manicure I've had in a while.
absolutely horrible. am I allowed to give this -15 stars? terrible service, terrible food, terrible wait time. all in all a terrible place. don't go here!
Local pub open for great coffee in the mornings. Full of locals. Friendly owner and staff.
Beautiful and great for conventions. Ingress and egress is a bit complicated; the driveway is way long and difficult to navigate by foot or in a car. Would highly recommend. Good place to lose your money.
Hello! \n\nThis is an update. I have called a couple of times since my last terrible incident. Honestly, Yvonne has been so kind and helpful. I can't tell you how much better my experience has been since she has been helping me. \n\nThank you Yvonne! I appreciate your help.
Go if you don't live in the desert. \n\nIf you do, or have, skip it. $18 a person ....not really worth that many dollars.  You can go to the desert or look at your own front yard.
I loved this experience! They offer an iPad with a self guided video tour filled with facts about Paris, France. The view is amazing. We stayed to watch the fountain show below (Bellagio) and the staff was great.
Can be confusing at times in terms with talking to people that works here but pretty nice hotel and close to everything.
First off Mark the manager is awesome,  very helpful  and knows the food. All the staff is great. The fried pickles are amazing,  the best out there.  The burgers  are really good  an all around great  menu and choices.
The service was great and the espresso laced whip cream was yummy but they failed to stock more food for us hungry travelers. No flat bread and she was unable to make cheese omlets. Plus, the quiche had pork. Bummer!
My wife and I looked forward to eating here for weeks. We decided to get one of our favorites tonight, bbq pork ribs. Let me say... extremely disapointed! Neither one of us would recommend this place.
I had the breakfast croissant and it was amazing. The staff is friendly and the food tasted fresh and original!\n\nI'm really glad that I opted for this over my usual Dunkin Donuts stop.
This is now one of our favorite restaurants in town. We love the stuffed dates and beet salad. The food is perfect for sharing and the pitcher of sangria too! :) Firefly is a must do while in Vegas.
Not a bad haircut, but brought the neckline up too high and trimmed some edges in a strange way.  Not the best haircut I've gotten, but not terrible either.
My BF and I stopped for a drink this evening on our way to another restaurant for dinner.  The bartender could not have been more indifferent.  We won't be going back to eat there no matter how many good food reviews I read.
Good dessert, but not worth the hype or the price. Plus this was the 3rd time we had tried to go, but got held up the other two due to crowds and horrible hosts at the door...this time we were finally able to get in. Overall not a fan.
This location is CLOSED.
Terrible customer service. Lazy staff. Don't waste your time going here. 90th and Shea store is a little more helpful but staff isn't very knowledgeable on their product line. You're probably better off shopping online and doing it all on your own. In store pick up is at least convenient.
Does this place still exist?  I drove around this area for 15 minutes looking and the best I can gather is that this Lowe's got converted into a Steinmart.  Lame.
For as slow as they are, you would expect to get a good wash. Nope. Even with \"works\", dirt on the floor, dust on the dash, streaks of water on the exterior. Exact same experience twice. Never going back.
Nice atmosphere but food was average at best. Took the sever 20 minutes to bring coffee. When she finally did it was with milk that curdled...i had the western omelette that left much to be desired. Great place to people watch but consider eating elsewhere if you're looking for good service.
I love this place!\n\nMy favorite vendor is McClendon's Select Produce. Fabulous selection, organic, fresh--what more could you want?
Love it here. Not a place for you if you're boogie. Lol but if you can appreciate a REAL massage then you will like this. Cheap and definitely one of the best massages. Best bang for your buck! They really know how to do it here.
A great alternative to the highly-processed, unhealthy options out there. Glad that restaurants like this are getting attention as it helps raise awareness for the importance of healthy living.
So good! AMAZING food and the waitress was very attentive. The rest of the staff was super friendly. Really, the food was just amazing. The portions were huge...enough for more than 2 meals. It's always packed when we drive by, but we got there at 4pm and were seated immediately.
Love these. Favorite is the cantalope boba tea. Fast, super friendly service. Comfortable seating. Couple tables outside.
The people here are wonderful! They helped host our party for Make-a-Wish and were so generous and kind. They were attentive to our needs and helped make it a very wonderful, positive experience for the wish kiddo and their family.
Nobu is over. When I need teeth to chew my sushi it's awful. Overpriced. Waste of time. Perhaps cooked dishes were good but we just had sushi.
This restaurant is permanently closed as of 2/11/13. Andreas has replaced this location.
Service was very good, bartender was very friendly.  Food was good - not great, but very good.  A bit pricey in my opinion compared to other similar restaurants.  Like others, we had a gift card that we used, otherwise I would stick to lunch or happy hour...dinner prices don't match the overall experience.
My husband ordered Combo B.  The sushi is ok.  It is like what you would buy from the supermarket.  It is \"fast food\" sushi.  I ordered a chicken teriyaki bento box.  It was ok.  The prices were just too much for what we received.
average quality buffet. long waiting line. Well priced ($20 each for brunch) but not worth the waiting time.
Filiberto's is amazing, but skip this location. The food here is the worst
45 min wait for pork tacos ... Went there With my friend for a quick bite... Even though the place was not busy at all, service was Very slow and the food took a Very long time.\nFlavor was nothing special.\nFor sure we won't go back.
I visited again, and was under impressed by the food. I had good memories, but the flavors came across as bland. (Beware spices: by spicy they mean spicy. That's a plus in my book)
The place is cool but way over priced 20% over average retail, you are way better off just going to REI or Bass Pro Shop. You can get the same or way better gear for a fraction of the cost.
This is my third time at the Luxor.  The public areas, pools, and staff are fine but the rooms are very dated and poorly maintained.  The elevators are sketchy and while the prices are $25-40 lower than others on the strip, there is no Wi-Fi and restaurants are sub par.
I eat here often when I'm in town. The food is good and reasonably priced. However, the service is consistently SLOW.
Ruined me and my girlfriend 4th of July got our food got home ate about 20 minutes later diarrhea and I know it was the Popeyes because it was very spicy and I got the spicy chicken tenders I am definitely making up for it today.
Very cool and this was very free. So that is one real reason to come see the show. Of course seeing it at night is a completely different experience as well. I enjoyed seeing the Fountains. I took pics and videos. Check it out!
Best option for Indian food in the Valley...had the Biryani which was delicious, and came with a ton of meat for a decent price...not to mention some excellent sauces. I hear the buffet is the way-to-go, but have yet to try it.
It is all you can eat because you can't any of it.  Cold food and no labels on items.  Several people took one look and left.  They were the smart people.
We eat here often. Our favorite server retired on us but we were able to replace her quickly with Debbie! Often before sitting Debbie will be on her way to our table with our waters. She even knows our usual meals! Right price + great food + wonderful service = EXCELLENT RESTAURANT
I eat here three or four times a month and it is always excellent. Service is quick and friendly. The food is always excellent.
I generally love Lucky Lous but they have been really hit or miss lately. Just got 3 chicken tenders the size of my thumb and they dont appear to be hand battered like normal... whats going on? Used to be amazed by how good these tenders were but this is pretty disappointing.
Don't wear any sandals!!! This place has been making us wait for two hours in line cause my friend didn't wear heels this place as far as upscale takes the cake, for being ridiculous.
The only car wash I will go to.  Extremely friendly service every time. They are fast,  efficient,  and cheap.\n\nYou can't go wrong here with a $3 car wash.
It's better than Noah's or Einstein brothers. A bit over priced if you ask me.
I ever tried Vietnamese or Pho before I ate here, and I was surprised how much I liked it. The food was tasty and the derive was good.
The service was good. The food was hot but the wing sauce (traditional hot) was not what I hoped for. I will try another flavor and see how it goes.
Just talking to the owner is worth the trip, he's amazing!  And his food is pretty good too.
I only get the carmel flan...they hit the spot but I've had better...for the $2 price, you can't go wrong with that.
Awesome place.  This is a large facility that is really well maintained.  The staff members, everyone from the front counter person to the guys in the shooting range, were very nice and extremely helpful and patient with providing assistance, answering questions, and giving suggestions.
Terrible service.  The food is typically good, but not consistant.  My experience today was bad enough that i'm certain i'll never go back.
Awesome staffff!!!! Fast, and awesome, delicious!!
I don't give many places 5 stars, but this place deserves it. From the well planned seasonal menu to the intimate setting, it's a great place for a date or dinner with some friends ... oh and BYOB, there's no corking fee!
Expectedly high priced drinks at this lobby bar in Cosmopolitan. I think one Moscow Mule was $16 with tax and tip included. I guess this bar is good for pre-partying or people watching. I just hate spending this much on drinks though?
Great service overall. I was a little disappointed that their prime rib was way over salted even if you cut away from the rub. The dessert wasn't much better. It was tad bland and didn't allow me to leave there satisfied.
Bobby has really brought tex mex to the mainstream. We got salmon, grouper and steak/eggs for brunch and it was great!
Basic jack n box. Not fast service & high prices than other jack n box but straight to the point. No high praise or low service
This place is legit thin crust heaven.  Came here for lunch last Saturday and loved everything from the service to the flavors of the pizza and salad.  Wines were also pretty affordable.  Has all the makings of being Scottsdale's next big pizza destination.
LOD 9\n\nHmmmm\n\nLate night - \nMilk Shake, Biscuits n Gravy, Onion Rings - maybe not in one sitting but this is a great diner style spot where the food is good!
The pizza was burnt. Not \"a little burnt,\" either. One side of the crust was black.
Good food, great help.  Plenty of food and the price is right.  \n\nThe people there are always trying to be accommodating.  Love going there.
You get what you pay for... decent food and very inexpensive. This isn't a top tier steakhouse, but excellent for the price. Our large party enjoyed excellent service.
Service excellent.  Food not so great.
Yummy taquitos!  Great atmosphere, felt like I was in Mexico.  Happy hour is pretty decent.  Would love to come back at night to see how crowded it gets.
I never like panera and the only thing I got there is drinks cuz i have free gift cards.\n7 dollars for half a sandwich is just not my thing
Disappointed.  Coffee over one hour old according to the board, and then there was only half a cup.  Oatmeal was cold an very little fruit.  More employees than customers, but service was still poor. Com paired to other locations this one has lots of work to meet expectation.
This was the worst del taco ever! The chips in the nachos were totally stale. The fries were cold and the service was VERY mediocre! Being from out of town and getting such poor food was SO DISAPPOINTING!
Great place to sit down and enjoy great quality food. New Menu and great selections are now available. Was not too impressed with the service this time. Usually pretty good yet today was rather disappointed.
Get a pie (pizza) with meatball, pepperoni and ricotta. It's awesome. The antipasto was great as well. Friendly staff and nice location inside the Palazzo.\n\nNo major complaints here.
Don't bother buying VIP tickets.  The security on the last night was awful.  The VIP section for the Foo Fighters got taken over and was totally mobbed.
Always good pizza never any complaints about it. Got wings with the pizza and wings where super tiny. That's really the only complaint I can have
-its a nice hotel, but very bad customer service from desk.\n-the rooms are very big, and they have a little kitchen.\n-its very clean and properly mantained.\n_fitness room, lap pool  and nice jacuzzi.
Poutine as good as it gets for a great price.  This place has charm and character and homemade Red Velvet Cake.
Not impressed right off the bat. In a weird location right next to another mattress store. Walking in felt pressure right off the bat. \n\nWhen I mentioned I was just looking, I was quickly dismissed. We are needing three new mattresses and will be looking elsewhere. We suggest anyone else does as well.
Went with 2 other people, got seated but never had a sever come to the table.  Sat there for 30 minutes before we got up and left.  What a joke this place is! There were maybe 5 other tables occupied so it was not busy at all.  Will not be back!
Traditional Bibimbap is quite delicious.  Service was great too. If you want something off the strip that is worth checking out, I'd recommend this
Two hours after I call, they show up. Vegas isn't that big! Luckily I called Tire Works, and they were able to save me. \n\nAvoid abc!
So bummed this store closed.  The owner was a super nice guy with amazing taste in furnishings and so much more.  Was a fan from the time they were in Scottsdale Fashion Square.  :(
How do they get 5 stars? My fianc\u00e9 was disappointed as well. The funkiest looking pad Thai ever.
Slowest service both inside and the drive thru. Can be trapped in the drive thru for 10-20 minutes.
This place is outstanding. I'm visiting Vegas for a few days and decided to get away from the strip and try something new. The place is a nice sports restaurant with excellent Asian food. The fried rice was awesome along with the noodle soup.  I will be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Called Stell Roofing based on good ratings. I spoke with Mike, he was very polite, but after hearing what I needed informed me they are running 2 months behind.
Their prices have really gone up. Food isn't anything special! Typical westernized \"Asian\" food. I use to come here 7 years ago and have come by now and then. It's alright.
any place that has beer pong inside is gonna get a thumbs up from me! only thing that really sucks is that you have to go into the hotel to pee out all that beer, and their bartenders dont necessarily have a heavy hand with drinks
I'm always skeptical but this place made replacing my windshield very easy. In fact it was a one call and done situation.  I would recommend this place to anyone who is like me and doesn't have time to mess around. Plus the mobile service was fast! Great place I love shopping local. Go small buisness!!!
We came here to go swimming.  The pool area is really nice.  Lots of cabanas.  I love the garden atmosphere.
Used a Groupon yesterday and can only say that I had nothing negative to report and believe me where hair care is concerned I can be very critical. I had a phase I student who carried me through the process in a very professional manner. Final words -- Excellent Experience!!
This is the spot to watch the games on Sunday and they have the best happy hour in Vegas.  Perroni on tap!  Half off all drinks during happy hour!
Good service, good beer, food is LARGE! A pleasant Sunday afternoon.
Summary based on 1 visit:\n--close to I10\n--has a gas station, those two factoids, by themselves are the reason I'm reviewing\n--if you're here anyway to get gas and need something to eat, cheap food court
This is a pretty solid spot for lunch and for happy hour. The prices otherwise are a little high and their sushi isnt that good. \n\nThat being said, its a good spot to take a group and just wind down after work.
Although the pricing is very affordable, they load their meat with tons of salt.  I must have drank several cups of water to balance the sodium intake.  I've definitely had bettter.
fast food.\nhad the bacon breakfast burrito, was ok. kinda bland.\nsplit it with the hubs and was perfect amount for both of us.
what can i say this place has some of the best burger's i have ever tasted.  i love the fries and strawberry shakes.  if ever in Carolina don't leave until you try them.
I love everything about this place. Its always packed, and the service never slows down! These guys do the same super fast service no matter how busy it is! Awesome place, with hilarious live music.
Yum, yum, yum....need i say more?   Expected fast somewhat mediocre greek food....got the most delicious lunch!   Be sure to get the grilled chicken salad!
Went there, Waited for 10 min no one came to talk to us! Then finally a waiter with food filling his mouth came to us with water. He didn't even say a word.\nI looked at my wife and walked out the resturant immediately .
This Dunkin is Ok. Sometimes they get my order totally wrong, like how does an Iced Mocha Latte become an Iced Coffee with cream? I have never gotten anything but Sesame Bagels and Lattes here. The staff is usually pretty nice but harried.
Not the best of the near-strip buffets but not bad either. It's not that busy for lunch on a weekday...which means some of the food sits around for a while. Make sure you have their card if you're a local so you get the big discount...I missed that the first time.
It is located right in the center of Luxor's casino. The drinks were good and the waitress we had was right on the money with our big group. I liked it better than getting smooshed inside LAX nightclub. None of us were up for bottle service or crowds so this was a nice \"chill\" place.
This is a true dump! The registration staff is as close to the bottom of the barrel as it get! I am only staying here because of a stupid convention I'm attending here. This place blows!!!!!! It deserves negative stars!!!
i come here everytime i come to vegas.  A little loud inside, but the food makes up for everything.
build your own burgers, extensive beer menu, tvs with sports at the tables. Great, cheap place for a casual meal at the Mandalay. Highly recommended!
Great brunch food.
I only found it ok. Wasn't as entertaining as Mystere!
Stooped In during a Segway tour of downtown Pittsburgh. Great variety of flavors.  Friendly staff.  Very cool concept.
Decent dry cleaner, service I done on premises, which is nice, but prices aren't posted anywhere; when I went to pick up my clothes and they told me the total, I thought I heard them wrong. I won't be back.
Without question, the best course I've ever played. The fairways are in great shape & the greens are PGA quality. I played other courses in the area that were recently seeded, but this course is in great shape for this time of the year. This is true desert golf!
Definitely had better barbecue. Their sides were just average as well. Expected more from a barbecue restaurant.
Nice friendly staff. Damn shoes are $$$$$$$$!
i think they switch the owner, those food are amazing! we had great time with the staff and service all together. i order Chicken Marcella and the see food soup. chicken was bit hard but overall is the greatest plate i tried after Don Antonios... highly recommended!!!
Great ambiance. Knowledgable servers. Not impressed by the menu selection. Curry goat was tasty. Curry chicken fell short. Drinks were a new experience. Very good tho.
I love Fresh and Easy. This store is a little different from most.  They installed faux wood floors, and put doors an all freezers and refrigerators.\n\nF&E has excellent pricing, and quality. I just wish there were more of them.
Everything about this hotel is awesome!!!!  The food, the hidden pizza place at night, the service, the view from our room, people watching, and best of all the location.  I will definitely be back!!!!!  I didnt want to leave.
Had a wonderful meal here. The scallops appetizer was excellent thanks to the squash bed and accessory toppings. The Veal Loin was about as perfect as humanly possible. The Nutella Bombs were a nice sweet finish. All was helped by a polished professional waiter.
not bad but not that good we expected! It was OK! compare to Chris Angle show, this one was better!
A small but cool coffee shop.  I was not overly impressed with the coffee but it was better than a Starbucks.  Lots of books and even board games.  Plus a beautiful view of the city from one side of the shop.  A nice place to just chill with some coffee.
My brother also posted about our Mother's Day experience. These must be franchises because the Scottsdale and Chandler locations are like eating at a different restaurant entirely. This is the second and last time we will frequent this location. The pizza and calzones were awful.
Skip and keep moving. $15 for a rum and coke that tasted like water! I have been all over Las Vegas and never spent that much for a rum and coke... Food was very ok. And service was just ok. I would never go back nor tell anyone to even get a glass of water here.
small uncomfortable beds, have to pay for Internet, have to pay for breakfast, and let's just say my bath towel was not clean. didn't get to go to the pool or gym but they looked really nice and modern. rather not stay here again tho.
bad service period. unfriendly,no greeting, does not want to sell a car, employee just walking around do nothing. i will tell everybody i know not to go there even there are no mini dealer in that state.
Avoid this place at all costs. The food is disgusting. I honestly never had food this horrible in my entire life. From the frozen crab cakes to the unseasoned grouper.. my experience left me confused and hungry. This is simply a Marriott hotel restaurant - not an award winning restaurant by any means.
Jeff Dreikosen replaced our garage door sometime in May or June.  Based on YELP reviews, we thought we'd give this company a try.  My husband and I were really pleased at how professional and knowlegeable he is.  Highly recommended!
The course was in horrible shape and the employees were rude and unresponsive. The practice facility is relatively nice though.
Amazing food, great atmosphere. Andreas was a fantastic setver. Five stars!!! Happy Christmas Eve everybuddy!!!
Terrible service and way over-priced for so-so food. Better off with Noodle Asia at the Venetian.
Great Happy hour, nice ambience, yummy sushi!!!
Went there a few years ago and love the place!\nthey have plenty of parking and the location is great. Would not mind bringing tourist and children.\n\nCheers,\n\nEric Van Nguyen
$5 lunch specials and girls in daisy dukes!  What more could a man ask for..  Love this place
No prime rib?! Manager says next time make a reservation and say you want prime rib and we might save it for you...not a great approach. Filet was good but not why we came here to celebrate a birthday on a Saturday night at 7pm. Nothing comped. Except dish of ice cream. Not pleased.
This place is way better than In n Out and prob just as good as 5 Guys. (I can't decide which I like better) the shakes here are exemplary as well
the service what horrible. Come on. That is part of the reason we go out to eat. Bad experience. The Food less than expected.  Im not saying this to hurt the business but to help them understand this is not how you treat customers. Food - salsa was watered down. The food was just ok.
Terrible food and terrible service......me and my fiancee only had the server at our table once and that was when we ordered our food. I wanted another beer but it never happened and the restaurant was dead so I know they were not too busy.
This place is bad. Been to a few estate sales and they a worse. She is very disrespectful and nothing at estate sales is marked. She makes up the prices on the fly and 99% of the time those prices are high. Definatly try and stay away!!!
I used to love this place but have read on here that it is under new management. The are smaller and it does not taste anywhere how the rolls used to taste. They were so good but now they are horrible!  Service is great and only reason giving it two stars. Not going back!!
Have to agree with one of the other reviews, this place smells \"HORRIBLE\". It turned my stomach, we won't be going back.
Seems they have moved from Cave creek road to West Bell. Glad they are still around. This is the closest thing to Kansas city Barbecue in this town, No doubt. Keep up the good work Roger!!
The waitress couldn't tell me which Shock Top they had on tap, and didn't know that a mudslide isn't always a frozen drink.\n\nAnd thanks place only takes cash.\n\nFuck this place.
So far I've had the Angry dog, Buckeye dog, and the Philly dog. Along with the kimchi fries and euro fries with fried egg. Everything's been top notch. If heaven had sex with a pig, 9 months later, a Buckeye dog would come out.
Amazing food and customer service! Best meal we had in Vegas..ate for $15 for 2, portions were great...can't find those prices or quality of food on strip...home cooked meal
Will never go back again. Absolute worse service I've ever experienced!
They have pretty much everything you'd expect in Armenian market , i liked it.
As far as a Quizno's goes this one is clean and the owner is very friendly.  I'm in here a lot since it's close to work and enjoy the food.  Gets busy around noon but the line moves pretty fast
What I love about Rubios' is that they always have beer. Always.\n\nThat is all I love though...
The best sandwiches in the East Valley!  The bread is perfect, the meat, veggies, and cheese are high quality and delicious!  Worth the drive!
caribbean hair braiding  has ben retwisting  my locs  for 6 year \nthanks for the jobs mis gail and sherman  love my  dreadlocs\none love
Dr.Khorsandi is the best plastic surgeon in Vegas!  I decided to travel to Vegas from LA just to have my procedure handled by him, since he came highly recommended for his knowledge, professionalism, and aesthetic touch.  I was not disappointed at all, and very happy with my results.  Thank you, Doctor K!!!
The crispy fish with mango was so good!!! I live on the east coast and know good fish-- this was so delicious!\nHubby had duck in spicy sauce and envied me the fish!\nService is impeccable and proper. I will return!
Friendly staff, but the slowest pharmacy I have ever experienced.
Yummy food!  Their pizza is good but I also fell in love with their linguine and clams the last time I went.  It can be a bit pricey for a casual weekday dinner but the food is worth it.\n\nThe parking can be kind of a pain, if you have a larger vehicle.
Came here during a weekend trip, their sushi originals are to die for. I totally recommend this south American - sushi fusion!
still the best (and for me, the only) professional football team in the world...
The Orleans is a great way to do Vegas on the cheap. Rooms are affordable, there are a a ton of reasonably priced restaurants, and it's clean. Also, it's just a $10 cab ride from the glitz, glamour, and price-gouging of The Strip.
This was a very oridnary hotel, nothing especial. It did not match our expectation of a four star hotel in Vegas. We stayed there for one night, then for the same price we got another hotel that was much better.
Checked this place out finally. I am a fan. Guy roasting his own stuff is great. drip to order  is good. Chatty friendly non stuck up staff is excellent. \n\nI will be back for sure.
Uninspired overpriced vegan food. I cannot believe they got rid of the rye bread. RIP rye bread
Cheapest place to get a sea doo. The owners were awesome and more than helpful!!!! Best rentals in henderson!!!
It's nice to have a Chinese restaurant so close to the residential areas in Chandler.  However, this particular location does not ever have anything for vegetarians.  I've been consistently disappointed and would rather drive to a \"real\" Chinese place a few miles away.
I have been taking my cars to the Hon-man team for a couple of years and they are great, I highly recommend them.
I love the sandwiches here.  I don't think I've ever ordered the pizza.  My order is always correct and ready when I arrive.\n\nThere is no dine in option.  Carry out and delivery only.
Hired them as a present, they did an ok job. But I highly recommend getting a cleaning company for someone when they have no time and you can't be there,
I don't understand what all the hype's about. I think everyone just thinks it's amazing because they're all drunk and it's not expensive. Just regular sandwiches to me, meh!
Had the carne asada burrito and it wasn't so good. The meat tasted like steakums, no seasoning at all. The beans were from a can and the rice was average. It was like a bunch of white people said lets cook Mexican tonight. The guacamole was excellent though!
affordable drinking, pool tables, darts.
Good food, fun service, fair prices especially on Tuesday. We liked it objectively, but its not a fave. It's too trendy for us, we're just not that hip.
Great hotel in a perfect location for walking Montreal and for getting about on the buses and subway. It's my second stay here and hotel staff are attentive and friendly and the restaurant is pretty good generally and excellent for breakfast.
thanks fellow yelpers we went to breakfast this morning good food resonable prices i will have to try there burgers before i can give this place a higher rating
we ordered garlic butter flavor king crab legs and hot n juicy crawfish. They were spicy and delicious. If they could clean the crawfish better, just like cutting gills off, taking intestine out...that would be better
Great wings, salad, and beer.  The Cuban sandwich was good too.  What else could you ask for?
One of my favorite spots for lunch. I was deeply saddened when I pulled up today and realized the sign was gone and the place is closed, I couldn't believe it. No more tuna melts. Sad.
Formerly Lady Luck ehh this place was ok music was loud, for me i probably won't be visiting anytime soon only if i get free rooms then maybe lol
You guys are too expensive for my broke ass. Good food though.
I have been here twice and this place rocks. They have a fantastic selection of beer and the most amazing beer-battered fish tacos I have ever tried, The server was great and the ambiance is always nice.
Great food, incredible cupcakes and the owners and staff are a delight to deal with. Easy to see why they are considered the best cupcake in Chandler.
Although I had great service the work wasn't great quality ... my nails came off a week later .... I would never come here again ....
AMAZING GO, GO, GO, Put down the phone unless you need it for directions and just GO...
Bad experience for a first time diner looking for a neighborhood restaurant. There was no steak available for dinner and I was refused service outside, which was such a shame for a perfect arizona night. I wont be coming back again
Very good! Nice service and clean restaurant. Good food as well. Sesame chicken was great!
Everything here was ok. Nothing special but put together nicely. It tasted fine and the waitress was great. i would come back.
Jimmy John's is by far my favorite sub shop. If I'm near one, it's a sure bet I'm stopping in!
Best place for authentic Chinese food in Charlotte. The little take out in front of this asian supermarket serves your usual Chinese American take out and some real Chinese take out food. The supermarket is great and prices are better then the other asian markets.
This is a really good and authentic place. A lovely restaurant on Mt. Washington. Authentic Uzbek and Russian food, very reasonable prices, and excellent service. Also there is a dedicated parking lot down Southern Ave. \n\nThey have a lunch special at $9 that is a nice 2-course meal + tea.
best library in town, new and clean, i think it is LEED certified ....bomb diggity books..
Love the Macaroni here. They have spicy jerk which is good. I love the Peach Cobbler. I take it home and eat it with ice cream.
Great hotel but avoid the Wet Republic Club/Pool portion the employees will try to sell you on. It's a 3+ hour wait in line for nothing but an expensive entree fee, expensive liquor and half of your day wasted. Avoid this bullshit at all costs and just go to the regular pool.
Worst place to go! This was my third visit and all three times horrible and thought I would give it another try, so third strike your out!  The manager personally made sure the car was done correctly when I returned dissatisfied.  I will not be returning. I will be going to the arrowhead location if I go to Danny's at all.
Excellent green curry and everything else was tasty. Portions are small... Location is so central and easy to find. Don't be scared by the strip mall appearance.
Terrible terrible terrible.  No return calls, slow service, horrible customer service.  Irresponsible, unprofessional. The list goes on, do NOT come here to get services done Becuase it will NEVER get done. I left 1 star so I could post this review and I've never posted a review before.
Great place, fabulous rooms, great view of the strip, right one soaking in a huge tub. Here for a company meeting.
you suck. i've waited for hours in the west end for a cab. you're more like an airport car service than citywide cab service.
Every time we tried to put in gas it kept saying please visit another pump or pump in use when no one was there or using the pump. Multiple cars have come and gone without filling gas or using the store inside. Horrendous. Skip this if you have the chance. No public restroom unless you are an employee. Fail.
August- unclean filthy rooms. Promise of money off from room charges- fail 3 calls to get it solved.\nOctober-rude staff, no notice of garage closing. Almost towed. Dirty rooms, and was overcharged on the room. Will never return ever!!!!!!
It's for profit University that only graduates 25% UNLV is at 40% Nothing about this place says it anything more scam to line some else pockets.
snow crab with the whole shabang extra spicy so yummy
It's an ok place to go for a quick craving bite. They can put pretty much anything you want on a hot dog. I'd go back...once every now and then.
Excellent comedians, friendly bar servers and great value in one of Las Vegas's most historic hotels.  The pictures on the walls as you enter comedy show are amazing showing the performers such as Rat Pack, Dean Martin, Liberace, Debbie Reynolds, Sammy Davis, Jr., Frank Sinatra and many more.
As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice, fancy, organic-ish, alternating menu, nice atmosphere. Good date restaurant. Good food-lovers restaurant.
Overpriced but solid food.
Great place for Mexican food next to Home Depot for those double dip days. They actually carry al pastor which is pork marinated in like a pineapple sweet sauce. Large choice of different items to try! Great family style restaurant , owners are always working with a smile.
I love LaToyes. The owner is personable and offers a variety of services so I only need to go to one place for all my beauty appts. I never hesitate to recommend this salon to my friends and clients!
Great food, friendly atmosphere, gorgeous waitresses,  and excellent value meals! Breakfast menu is fabulous and I am now a regular customer. You have to try it!
Very good! Set up like Sauce. I got the spinach and mushroom scramble and my husband got a burrito. Both were delicious! Eggs were light and creamy and hash browns were cooked perfectly! Loved all the vegetarian and vegan options. We will be back!
Can they please hire an extra server?  How is it that one lady is the hostess, cashier, and server?  So annoying because the food was good.  Please let's not be cheap and hire more workers.
We had six people they messed up three of the six orders. They even screwed up the dessert. When we told the server we did not order what she was giving us she argued with us. I had to flag down the waiter. Will not go back if someone else is paying.
This is the nicest Denny's I have ever been to! It wasn't really busy so that was nice and the food came out fairly quickly. The waiter was very attentive and it was an overall good experience.
If you decide to choose Showtime Tours for your ride into Las Vegas from McClaren Airport do not buy a round trip ticket. Instead, buy only a one way because Showtime Tours, once they have your round trip money, schedules returns only every hour, so you are stuck waiting on the airport 45 minutes extra. What a waste of time.
They're not bad. The steaks are pretty good. The staff is usually good. I've had a few problems, but not enough to hate the place. Just enough to come less frequently. I love their appetizers. The drinks are usually over priced.
A really cool retro tiki-bar!  Great drinks and ambiance in a friendly atmosphere.  Highly recommended!
Really worth 3.5 stars.  The best way to sum this place up is that is slightly better than Red Lobster with out the 'people of Walmart' customers and is about about the same quality as Joe's Crab Shack but not as fun.  Will we be back yes but we won't rush back.
Eh, just ok.  I wouldn't go out of my way to order boring food served by equally disinterested employees.   Next.
Came in and I was out in about 10-15 minutes! Awesome service and real nice guy! Can't beat the prices!
Overpriced. Bland. If this is what Phoenicians rave about, no wonder they're so unhappy...
While the decor is unique & fun, and the names of the dishes are playful & young, overall it wasn't someplace where I left saying \"wow, I want to go back again!!\"
How does a \"Bakery\" run out of Asiago bagels when they're featured as a breakfast sandwich at 10:00am. I'll give them one star for the unsweetened iced tea. The counter girl didn't make an effort to look to see if there where any being prepared.
This place used to be awesome. It was worth venturing where the homeless would ask for change and the strip club in the background. However, the love of luv-it is no longer there. So sad since this used to be my go to stop for every trip to Vegas.
This place is the best I go here maybe twice a week on average and I love this place. If you come in be friendly and you will always get friendly service and great food. I always get something not on the menu and the have no problem doing what I want. The food is ALWAYS good!
I have been seeing Dr. Taylor for 10 years. She is a caring doctor who listens and has always returned calls and been easy to get into see even last minute. Thank you Dr. Taylor:)
Been back twice more, and feel exactly the same way as the first time. \n\nI still wish it was more upscale...
We try and go there for the best fish sandwich in town ! Be sure and order the beer batter onion rings also. A quaint Illini sports bar with a nice atmosphere and  easy access. A pay parking lot is right next door.
Great bagels and huge portions try the knish and the cookies are so authentic
We started off coming here a few times, but eventually we decided the burgers here just taste too dry and bland.  \n\nThe food here lacks flavor big time :( two thumbs down
So my 2nd place this week that doesn't serve real cream.  How?  Do you have a coffee shop that only stocks half & half.  Are cream and sugar not the coffee staple.\n\nI left so I cannot review the staff.  I am sure they are friendly.  Sad I really wanted to try there coffee.
Awful, over priced, fast food.  Not enough sauce, veggies, or meat in the noodles.  This place is not going to last long in the area.  Too expensive for what you get.  Skip it.
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nSadly, this nice Sweet Tomatoes has closed.     :-(
Waste of time! Drove here from south chandler to eat breakfast (website shows serve it from 8a-3p) to find out they stopped serving breakfast months ago.
Staff not all that friendly, prices way too high for what you get. I'll pay a little more for a real sushi experience. Sorry to all of those who like it, but this place is not what I had hoped based on reviews. :(
Bomb! Burger was so good, tasted fresh. I hate to say this, but better than In-n-out. Fries weren't that great. But I'm definitely coming back next time I crave a burger. Ice Cream and Burgers in one stop, I'm there!
I have been bringing both my vehicles here regular ever since they opened years ago...always fast, friendly and they do great work...would recommend to everyone.
I've finally got my bike yesterday. They made up the time lost with a new tire and free tune-up.
got the AYCE... overall is good... sashimi r not included in AYCE, and cant get half order of the rolls...
Good for quick and easy but super inconsistent. I've been here about 5 times and Sometimes it's great and sometimes it's just meh. Medium can be crazy spicy and hot can be mild.. It's all over the place.
Wow, this store has greatly improved since I've been gone.  In ten years, it's turned into quite a nice store.  The variety of merchandise is great, although coming from the Midwest, I need to adjust to the price of food being higher.  The cashiers have been pretty friendly as well.
Over priced and the food is blah, the only thing that I found good on the menu was the choco taco, and those can be picked up for a couple of bucks at any convenience store.
Went for dim sum today and their dishes were on point!  7 plates for $26, not bad at all.  Service was really good as well! :)  I will definitely return!  A lot better than the dim sum restaurant in Henderson..
Amazing is the best word to describe Jamba Juice. I love their smoothies and their staff is always so helpful and kind! Hands down my favorite place to stop when I come to Scottsdale. Their smoothie shop is always clean and smells delicious. My smoothie is always perfect as well.
Relatively cheap and shows a lot of movies other cinemas don't.  Great alternative to the massive movie theatres that only show blockbusters.
HANDS DOWN most authentic Asian cuisine my hubby Andi have found in Madison!  Congee love! The chicken was moist and tasty, so good!
Noodles and crab Rangoon were good. Service is slow and the staff looked/seemed stressed out. Kind of pricy too.
I've been going to Jack and his family for all of my auto needs since 1999 and have no plans to change that. My late father was a master mechanic and taught me all I know about working on cars. Jack has become my surrogate father in that respect as he has earned my respect and trust.
They always get my order wrong. The waitress looked like she was on drugs. happy hour pricing is good. great patio seating to view the whole strip from henderson. Just dont expect  your food to come out correctly.
Good food and good music is a winner any night. They bring in some great bands and keep the resturant on top par with most strip favs
Food is terrible. Has no taste, came out cold and when sent back it was returned as if they microwaved the entire plate. Will never go back because it was impossible to get hot food.
Some of the best pizza I have ever eaten. They have exceptional sangria, great service and staff, and the outdoor misters always wonderful as well.
This is a horrible company! Paid online for tickets and still had to wait in line to get an actual ticket. For my return trip the driver wouldn't take my ticket or receipt even though I had paid for 2 roundtrip tickets. I asked for a refund from the company and not a peep out of them.
Heard a lot about their burgers and I finally had a change to try one tonight.  Had the Kalbi burger with some Kim chee.  The burger was good, but for the money...I've had better elsewhere.  I wasn't impressed.
Nice walk-in fridge for beers and spirits.\n\nExpect the typical Vegas Strip markup (or lack of discount) on the alcohol.
Had a pizza from here not happy with it at all looked like a nice place I took my pizza to go so I did not get a chance to rate there service but I can rate the pizza very poor
So if you're looking to get a huge punch of that smokiness, try some of the other steaks. In the end I wasn't completely dazzled and love-struck by this offering, but I'll give this place 3 stars for the groans of satisfaction that came from my friend as he polished his steak off.
Sean was the best part of the show for sure. I would not go there again, it's pretty much a strip dance. If not for Sean and girl on curtains I would give this shot not any more than 2.5 stars
First time here and they were out of both entrees that we wanted. No apology for being out. No nothing. Very disappointed and the other choices were not worth the wait. Don't waste your time waiting the 30mins. You would do better at Pizza Hut.
Great place, with a relaxed environment. It's a go to lunch spot. Their Tomato Basil Pasta and Watermelon Juice is a must!
Delicious! The staff is super friendly, the food is great, and they are quick! Their cinnamon roll is amazing, but does have small pieces of cooked cinnamon apples. Lunch was decent, but we mostly just go there for breakfast.
I am reviewing the pirate show.\n\nThat is the most boring and stupid show on the strip, Please dont take your kids to see it, half dressed women as pirates really boring cuz they play up the \"sexiness\" of the women the whole time it had no pirate feel at all. PASS
The potsticker were delicious. The green chile stew was a bit too spicy for my taste. Service was attentive.
Great for a first time Indian visitor. Very large menu with friendly staff and delicious food.
Great food and great staff!  Service was fast and constant.  Prices are reasonable for the portions.  Love this place and will be going back!
Had a chance to try the crustless quiche today - works for gluten free. It had a good flavor, not over cooked and fresh ingredients. They are working on a gluten free crust for the pot pies and quiches. The meatless one today hit the stop. I'll try them again.
I've been coming here for a few years already and every time I'm here the food is great..I usually get tacos or mulitas... BOMB!!!.... No cards though,so make sure you bring cash..
Good food . Tom kah soup was great. Will definitely come back . They deliver on time. Best food delivered at my door step
I always love visiting The Palazzo!  The rooms are not only gorgeous, but spacious and luxurious.  The velvet couches are awesome!  It's a great place to stay in a fantastic location and my husband and I always enjoy ourselves.  We look forward to many more stays here!
Don't recommend this place at all. Pick a different place unless you are just going for their happy hour deals which are extremely cheap! Felt that this was very generic. Go to another place.
The salsa was good. The fish tacos were kinda boring. Needs a zesty creamy sauce. Also, it was about 30% more expensive than it should have been. Service was iffy.
I had not been here since 2012...it went through a lot of changes, now the dinning hall is smaller, the buffet has fewer choices and the food went from average to junk...don\u00b4t bother
This location is consistently busy. If big sales are on, I wouldn't even bother trying unless you are prepared for war with moms and toddlers. The selection here is usually good and shelves seem well stocked.
I took a tow strap here for repair and they had it done the next day.  Price was about 1/3 of what I would have paid for a new one.  These guys seem pretty legit, wish I had some shoes that needed repair!  Thanks Fellas!
It's 24 hours.  It has a drive-thru.  And if you feel like being less healthy, it shares space with a donut shop.  Other than that, it's a pretty standard Subway.
Both my wife and I have worked with these guys on numerous occasions and can't recommend them enough.  From ACL reconstruction to Rotator Cuff surgery as well as numerous running injuries, we keep coming back and are always very satisfied with their services.
The staff was super friendly,  and had good service. This was our first time getting pizza from here. Good prices. Unfortunately the pizzas were not that great. Not enough sauce and the sauce that was there was bland. Crust was pretty tasteless. Just average at best, was hoping for better
Spicy Tuna......Tasted barely OK.   Something I'd expect at an All-You-Can-Eat in Omaha.....\n\nSpicy Albacore..... See Spicy Tuna.\n\nFresh Water Eel.... Good
This place is about ambience and atmosphere.  The service was poor and I had the worst wrapped dates ($9) ever.  They were so bad, I couldn't eat them even when I was hungry.  Waste of time and money.
No. Never. Not ever.  No one should be falling for this.
Ruined a poster I sent in to laminate on a display. Tried to slip it by me. They did not even offer any remuneration for their poor service. I would not use their printing and services aain.
The piercer Kat was awesome and Effie aka stef at the front rocked and recommended some good tattoo places! Great people really quick service and great everything and affordable!
The wellness drink is fab, and the wraps are wonderful. A little on the pricey side but the staff is very friendly
Great food! We went with a group of people and we all ordered different things. Everything tasted great and was very fresh. Loved it and we will defiantly be back!
Beware!\nWent to another jewelry buyer and got 3 times what Diamond Jim's said my diamond ring was worth! So glad I did not sell it to them. \nShop around !
The soup came with the crepe was good, and the crepes are good too.  It's a good to try it there but I am not sure if I will go back since it's so out of the way.
This is by far one of the most affordable and delicious Korean restaurants in Phoenix. Come for the $4.95 lunch special Mon - Sat from Open to 3pm.
One of the best steaks I have had in Madison.
Good not great
Such a great experience!  Decy was wonderful, and patient while I searched for THE dress.  The selection was awesome, and the prices were affordable.  I highly recommend!
Awesome.   We were looking for good Thai and found this place with yelp.  Highly recommended.  Cant go wrong for the price.  This place is fab.  Go here everytime we visit vegas!   Skip the expensive upscale casino places.  Come support this place.
nothing special.  just a white room with music
Horribly average and over priced. Customer service is lacking. Burgers don't come with fries so it's not as cheap as people say it is. 8 bucks for a very small burger all cooked well done. Never coming here again.
You are given an order sheet. You check off what you want and toppings on your burger etc.   The staff is friendly.  We came here because of groupon deal.  It was a little hard to find since it was not on the main strip.  They give you big portions for fries and my burger was good.
I had the Pollo fundido ... The chicken dry as the desert sand and had a similar texture. The beans were nasty and the rice way over cooked and mushy. This was a sad state of affairs..
Overall one of the best places around. I was introduced to this place when I first moved here two years ago and still love it.. They have a club section, outside bar, tables and upstairs open patio. They also have a rock band every night. Great place for everyone!
Room is clean. Sheets look clean. Not far from Las Vegas Blvd. My biggest complaint is the air conditioning.... Everything on max yet not really cool. the air is not cold.
Ultimate in Luxury Cinema. The chairs are as comfortable as my bed, the AV system rocks, and the food I had was pretty damn good. \n\nExcellent date night spot.
Talk about bang for your buck, do the asian sandwiches as this is what separates this spot from any other sandwich shop. The bread is on point, and the flavors work, for something different, stop being such a sissy lala and try it
Best fried chicken in Vegas. Also try it with spicy-sweet sauce. It is good spot to grab a drink late night with friends. I tried the spicy rice cake, sweet potato pizza, grilled large intestine. It was all soooo good. I recomend this place to all of my friends.
It aint that expensive. Total dive bar...felt like I was in China, except the bar was full of white boys. Lawlz.\n\nThere's a small nook in the back where you can rent out for a private party or event. \n\nNice bar. Would go again.
Stick to drinks. The food is disgusting. I returned my plate; they charged me anyway. It's not even bad texmex; it's just bad all together. It's nearby work so crew likes to go there; I stick to drinks.
Really just made me wish we had an auto vehicle and could sputter to an off-the-strip In-N-Out.\n\nWatching football on a breezy patio was a nice alternative to the smoke-infested sports books, though.
Should have listened to the reviewer that said very mediocre. King crab was half warm half still refrigerator cold. Wait staff nice but inattentive. Very expensive for what you get. Over cooked veggies that were once frozen, and nasty wonton wrapped mashed potato that tasted like old glue. Will not be back.
Wow! The tenderloin medallions were out of this world! Full if flavor and choice of topping. The service was fantastic as well. I have no complaints here.
So delicious!!! Orders the breakfast burrito on-the-go and the daily detox juice. Was very yummy and light. Fast and easy service weather you're ordering to-go or take-out. Friendly and helpful staff too. This will definitely be a new regular place for me!!
Lucky Cup is typical Froyo place.   Bright and with 12 flavors and lots of the usual toppings.  They did have a few fresh fruit toppings.  The yogurt favors I sampled were a bit off and bitter.   The one worker on duty didn't seem to want to communicate with us or answer any questions.
Really good quick service Mexican food.  Definitely recommend the cheese crisp.
What's not to love?  We ate lunch here and it was so good we came back for dinner!  salads...great.  Steaks..awesome.  Great place to eat.
A specialty Korean market with a mix of frozen, fresh and prepared items. It is a smaller store, but does have a nice variety, including large rice section, fresh seafood and marinated meats. Loved the prepared veggies and Kim chi varieties. \n\nMake a fun healthy dinner from my finds.
Food is very good, service is also good. Problem is that my favorite food is not very healthy! And OG's food is very fattening! But that's my problem! For a restaurant chain this place is one of the best.
Sat in the front row, Got wet and watched a pretty cool show. Its all mostly in water which felt kinda repetitive but still kept me interested throughout. Worth the watch but definately not for the money. Seen better for less.
Good service, OK food, overpriced for what you get
They only accept cash? Since when? Food was cold. Its Mc Donald's I guess that's expected? Oh and the cashier can't count. She short changed me. I think I'll call corporate. Worst Mc Donald's ever.
I mean, it's Nordstrom Rack. I am ready to be the first one in line Friday Morning.\n\nI'll update my review after I check out the vibe, merchandise and layout. So excited that this is opening near me : )
We love this place. We probably eat here at least twice a month. Great food, great staff, and great ( cheap) beer! What else can you ask for?\n\nI also love the fact that it is a small family owned restaurant. I love supporting local business owners.\n\nI would highly recommend!
this business is now closed
Prepare to wait. Every time I come here I wait at least an hour for an oil change. The car wash is usually sub par and they are usually pretty pushy with sales. Gave this place another shot today and I regret it.
Local bookstores are often a delight, but Changing Hands is truly delicious...mmmm....books. Plus, I saw Sarah Vowell here which was uber cool.\n\nyes, I am a fan.\n\nboom
Great service! Great cars! Great tracks! A must do for kids 10 and over when visiting. Right off the Las Vegas Strip!
I wasn't very impressed with the pizza. Service was a good and fast, but the pizza tasted like a dirty dish rag. My wife picked up a faint taste of rubbing alcohol. They need some help at this location.
Great service, I asked to resize my ring, did it on the spot, and allowed me to take it home before payment.  I love supporting local businesses, especially the mom and pops!  Highly recommend!  Oh, they have the best selection of turquoise jewelry.
Solid four stars.  Great service, great food, a lot of food, quickly for a great price.  Environment wasn't as nice as the Wok Box, but man, the food was sooooo much better.  We'll be back!
Had to find a new optometrist because my insurance changed.  So glad I listened to my coworker and came here!  The doctor is very nice and the staff is awesome!  They ordered me samples of a specific style and were very helpful and patient with me.  You'll definitely be taken care of if you go here for your glasses.
We love Koi!   EVERYTHING they make is top notch!  You'll love it!  Ask for Jade and she'll take REALLY good care of you... just don't let her pinch you or tickle you while eating!  Let her know we said HI!
Good food, nice atmosphere
More traditional sushi than what you would find at RA.  Not the best, but far from the worst.
Love this place. The food is amazing and the owners are truly wonderful people. As long as they are there we won't go anywhere else!!!!
Vegas Trophies was able to make me a custom trophy for my husband using an item I bought online when every other trophy store in Vegas said it was impossible. The staff is friendly and professional not to mention they were able to make this custom piece in ONE day! I'm extremely impressed and highly recommend this business!
Bill showed up within a few hours of my call and replaced my broken springs, he also repaired other issues with the door for the original quoted price. \nGreat job with great service, can't ask for more than that! I highly recommended Affordable!
Very nice inside, the sound system is really bad though. and the crowd there that night looked to be trying out for the jersey shore or tool academy. meat market if that's what you want...
I could barely bite through the stale fish in my fish tacos. And the beans and rice did not save the day. I won't be back.
By far the worst establishment I have ever been in to eat tscos.  The meat was overcooked.  The place dirty and the customer service a joke.  Would not recommend this place.  Recommend the one on sahara.  Unfortunately the on trop has closed.  Stay away from this location.
My wife and I have been here twice...it's ok. We had wings and a burger and food was pretty decent. Service is extremely slow during a UFC fight, but also during a slow night.  Its your average bar/grill. Nothing special.
Terrible lines horrible management. Love the food but every time we go-we are locals and occasionally find ourselves at TI/Mystere, there's tons of tables rude staff and though there maybe no lines we always have to wait 30min. Skip this place and go to Le Thai
The food here is average and reasonably priced. A neighborhood place that you could learn to frequent because convenience of location and quick food.
Had the margarita pizza. Not great. Wait staff were fine. I would try somewhere else next time.
Third trip back here. I didnt have an appointment but Mary worked me in right away!!All I can say is, go here first for ANY repairs you may need.  Not the cheapest but THE MOST HONEST and BEST shop in town!!
Ulta seems to have all the things you're looking in beauty products. I buy all my Bare Escentuals items from here. I like that they offer email specials and discounts, they have a wide choice of brands, and their staff seemed very friendly and helpful, both on the floor and at check-out. :)
I have only eaten there 3 times, but the three different sandwiches i ate were DELICIOUS!  The cookies are amazing, if not finite in amount, and huge!  Definitely becoming a regular!  The fact that they have a Telluride location is just icing on the cake!
This was one of the smoothest moves I have ever been a part of. Tim and his crew were fast, efficient and very professional. Overall great experience.
Great service and cute place!  Food was excellent too.  It was raining outside, so it wasn't too busy.  Love the country feeling of the place.  They give you complimentary berry scones, which are yummy!
Good Mexican joint. It's fried-up quick service grub, but a real step above the 'bertos and 'betos. Somehow, the food is fresher and tastier. \n\nGet whatever combo or quesadilla suits your fancy, and dig in at the salsa bar.
I live this Starbucks because its right around the corner, the staff remembers my name and my drink, and it's conveniently by chase bank.
Let's keep this simple. \n\nBUN BO HUE or BUN RIEU.\n\norder it.\n\n YOU'RE WELCOME.\n\neverything here I've tried is pretty yummy.   But those two are my faves.
The drinks were tasty. The quesadilla was a bit light on the meat that was supposed to be in it. The atmosphere was party like and fun but the incessant whistle blowing by the bartenders was grating.
I had a valid online dinner reservation(I showed her the email and everything) for 4 with my wife and her parents and they flat out declined it on new years eve night, enough said.
My room had a used washcloth in it when I checked-in.\nWhen I asked an employee a basic question about the hotel, the person gave me incorrect information.\nThere was a heavy smoke smell.\n\nThe view from the top of the tower is pretty cool.
Worst place to go for medical care. Had me waiting for two hours for test results than when I finally get seen, I get the oh, we need to get the results faxed over here. So stupid. Don't ever go to any concentra. Pay doctors that care and know what's going on.
Really good breakfast burritos....tasty, consistent, large portions and good salsa to go with it!
Resort fee intends on nickel and diming you with no warning. If you booked somewhere other than direct beware that, even you your room was paid for up front, that the Palms will charge you a Resort fee for every night you stay. While the room was nice I prefer to stay somewhere where integrity is more important.
This place does free flat repair free tire rotation will price match to make sure they're the lowest price in town great customer service
Not exactly a place for tourists. perhaps it is for local. It's not very big. And there were a not more than 5 people when we were there. Simply boring.
A bit overpriced, both chicken and tri tip bowl were good but very dry....  This place also does not have a friendly vibe....  It's pretty pretentious.  Good intention with healthy food but smug is in the air...
Fell asleep. Need I say more?
Great cigar shop and excellent private lounge right in the heart of south park. Has everything you need to enjoy a good days smoke in a quiet and comfortable atmosphere.
Compared to the Summerlin Indoor, this is 10 x better! This place seems to have a lot more ventilation, players don't act like they are playing for the World Cup injuring others, the staff is decent and location is not bad.
Nice location but the food was very disappointing.
Went here on the run after my son said he wanted mac'N'cheese.  Let's just say this is the best organic farm fresh restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of dining at.  Mac was homemade with a gourmet twist!  I'm going back for B-day!
\"I've been going here for 3 years and it was incredible. I don't know if there have been changes or not, but lately delfalcos has really been going down hill, un-eatable food. My sandwich taste like its been sitting in circle k for weeks. Get better, you've lost a loyal customer.
Happy tummy! (:
Six dollar for a cup of half coffee and half foam and to be lectured by the employee early in the morning for where to line up.  This is robbing, right?  Take my money and punch me in the face.
Stayed here with a few girlfriends for three nights through Easter weekend. In that time someone stole my Ray-Bans while I was at the bar by the pool...also slipped by the marble surrounding the pool....all in all a lame experience, never going back.
Ate there twice and I wasn't impressed.  My wife ordered the Blackbean burger and it was dry and tasteless!  I got the Mushroom Swiss and I'd rate it as \"ok\"; I was expecting more...for the price.
Stayed here bout a year ago for one night and finally writing a review on it.. The room was BASIC, I've stayed in nicer motel 6 hotels.. The front desk gave us the wrong key which was annoying. The casino was ok.. the Sushi resteraunt sucked. Don't waste your money here.
Oxtail chili cheese fries!! (Drops the mic)
Excellent food\ni love Lamb Chops\nVery clean and lovely service\nFast delivery \nThank you Guys  keep going
The employees at the tire desk are so short with answering questions. Very quick to brush you off.  Will not be getting tires from there anymore or will not recommend to friends, go to discount tires instead..
This was my first time there, It was an amazing experience totally satisfied with service and hospitality. Totally worth the money.
Always get chicken soft tacos with no lettuce, that leaves chicken, cheese, tortilla, and delicious white secret sauce. The chilli cheese fries with sour cream are great but they are kind of an acquired taste. Just make sure you don't forget the sour creme.
better then smashburger and in and out, wow. excellent. worth the drive out here.
Although i haven't used the facilities yet the staff was amazing! Super friendly and patient with the jerk ahead of me. If you go definitely see Lindsey super awesome! I gave 4 stars because i didn't take a tour so I'm not positive of the equipment.
At first glance and the area its in your like I am not going in there! but man what a surprise!! food was great and the staff was friendly. great place for lunch!
Food was alright, nothing special, a bit bland. The water tasted so bad though, bad enough that you could still taste it through iced tea or tap water, do they not have a filter!?
these guys are the real deal! i got quoted to fix my ac for over 800 bucks and I got referred to Black Sheep and they had my AC fixed for less than 200 bucks! They are honest and will only use good parts to fix your car! I recommend them for any issues with your car
I am really surprised that this placed closed down 'cause the shops inside weren't that bad and it was fun to walk through. Granted no one was buying 'cause of the prices but they still had some quality shops worth checking out.
Everything tastes like dirty dish water. Same awful taste 6 times in a row. Went 6 times due to its location and hours. Will not go again.
Beer specials are great....   $1.99 pints.   Chips are great and portions are large.   The sopa de pollo (chicken soup)  is excellent.  Great place for all the road warriors in the two Hilton properties down the street.
They have a very extensive menu at very modest prices.  The atmosphere is best described as Italian Cheesecake Factory as well as the menu.  And it is located right in the casino.  We had a few lunches there with up to 12 people and everyone was pleased with the food for the price.
Loving this place and all the entertainment! 's! Best of the best in summerlin Las Vegas!  Great 4 any occasion!  LUXURY EXPERIENCE
Great little place, great service, so comfortable!  No waiting!
The French bread is great with a nice crust. The beignets are the best. Fried fresh to order.
Delicious Burmese food which is like a confluence of Indian and Thai food. The service is a bit slow and then we realised that everything is cooked from scratch so more like home cooked Burmese cuisine which we are totally OK to wait 20-30 minutes to eat.
By far and away a not pleasant experience.  I felt rushed and through like I was on an assembly line, which would be ok if my mani and pedi looks reasonable.  Instead it looked poorly done and sloppy.  Further more I got a toe nail infection shortly after pedicure.  I have never gone back!!
Food is GREAT and definitely worth the wait!  Just not sure why they put this restaurant in the nasty Imperial Palace!  But it is great...don't miss it!
Still sick and suffering!! We knew we where going to be sick right after we left.   My family spent the last 48 hours in turmoil --  we will not be back.
I love the Beatles and I loved this show so much, every moment of it.  The music was amazing.  I wish I could see it 1,000 more times.
Just a shout out for Ginger Luke and the outstanding creativity she has for designing hair! She is the only one that my 15 yr old daughter, Madisson, will let touch her hair.  Thanks for listening and loving what you do! :)
Really Really bland and boring. Service blah, slightly rude. Drive a few blocks over to spring mnt. Gets lots of business for $5.95 lunch special from harried healthcare workers.
Delicious burger, cooked to perfection.  The house made fries were very good.  My daughter had the smoked salmon sandwhich.  She raved about it.  It was such a beautiful looking sandwhich she took a picture of it.  The server was friendly and informative about the menu.  Great food for a very fair price.
This place is just awful.  The soup is oily and salty.  I
Just ate a Rudy's in Chandler.  Best BarbQ ever!  Linda K
* A M A Z I N G *\n\nHands down, this was the most entertaining show I've ever seen!  If you were a fan of Jabbawockeez in ABDC, they will not disappoint!  I would fly back to Vegas just to see them perform again!
Nothing matches in this place! The tables, the chairs, the tiles and that's how we like it! Lots of delicious vegan items. Definitely a good place to try new things. Good coffee too!
Had the spicy tonkatsu ramen. Was awesome especially for the price! Best ramen in vegas
I miss the gelato I ate all summer in Europe.. this gelato hit the spot! Merci Jean Phillippe..\n\nI will say that it was incredible busy but definitely worth it! And the decorations were amazing
They make a mean mocha ice blend!
I had the Cuban chicken sandwich, which was really good. The bread was done just like a Cuban sandwich down in Miami. The sweet potato fries were OK, the dipping sauce was good.
Service was good but food was average, prices were high compared to other PHO houses.
Thus placer has The wrost serice   Thee doctors  are good, close from 1 to 2:15  butin realiti from 12:45 to 2:30 wors front ofices personal.
Pinnacle Peak location now closed, just fyi!
I freaking love their coffee!  it's my favorite coffee spot in the S Hills.  The place is very clean and the staff is very friendly too.
Wow, moved in here about 5 months ago. Bad idea!! Security guy came up to my car yelling that he's going to give me a ticket then took a bunch of pictures of me. Scary and weird. If your a single girl stay away from this place. The \"staff\" seem dangerous.
If you enjoy bartenders that are in a bad mood, and people watching than this place is a great choice! The only redeeming quality is it has an outdoor bar and the beer is cold.
Boo... They turned the music off at 8:50 and I really needed candles. Was prepared to buy $100 worth. I guess I'll go elsewhere.
Food was ok, waitress was horrible. I get the feeling she really hates her job. She was never around when we needed her because she was constantly busy gambling.  On top of that, she was unable to answer very basic questions about the menu. Next time we'll go to crown & anchor.
From what I can remember - I got the club sandwich and it was bomb. I wish I would've seen if they had cream cheese to add to it, because that would've made this 4 star sandwich a 5 star. Maybe next time I'll go when i'm sober and it's not 7:30am!
I was there for lunch. The atmosphere was very nice but the restaurant was empty. the service was good. The food was good as well. Liked the most the long list of fine wine selections. Even not disapointing I don't think I will rush to go back there again
Don't take your car here if you have custom wheels they scratch my rims and they denied it that they did it..they don't  know how deal with custom wheels ..word of advice pay extra to go somewhere else if you have custom expensive rims
This is the best karaoke in town.\nGreat system and excellent service.\nYou can have a lot of fun in reasonable  price.\nGood place for even family fun
Day I went service was extremely slow.
Avoid this place if you have any sense of what good barbecue tastes like. Tried the ribs last week, no flavor and very fatty.
Absolute terrible company to rent from , stay away from them . \nThey take your deposit and do not return it as they find excuses.
I was super excited to go and get a fish bowl but they took it off the menu but we ended up staying and to get some apps and we started to eat and soon enough we found a bug in one of our dishes and ruined everything else. So just be mindful.
great food reviews on www.bigtsreviews.com
Great food and portions. Parking can be rough, but tolerable. Service is always solid!
what a creepy little shit hole. LOL it needs to be remodeled. This is where all the weirdos hang out.
Excellent food and beverages. Fast service. A variety of craft beer on tap. Great job on the remodel with perfect additions-outdoor patio and grills.
Service was great but the food was so salty especially the potatoes that came with everyones breakfast. I felt sick all day.
This place is terrible cold hearted people I took my dog here and left him at 9 came back 4 hours later an he still wasn't finished !! Snobs
Tasty frozen yogurt with extensive topping choices.  All of the yogurt is clearly marked as to its status - non dairy, fat free, low fat, sugar free, etc.  In a great location as there isn't much else this far out in Ahwatukee...
No fanfare.
I waited 16 minutes for one drink. There was no sense or urgency while the barista made drinks, and no apology for the long wait. I won't be visiting again. It's a shame because my drink was amazing and it's only a two minute walk from where I work, the customer service was just not good.
Genna's is the ultimate happy hour spot, especially during the summer. We have a group of friends who meet here on a regular basis for \"HH.\" Get here early to grab a seat outside, and enjoy the people-watching and good weather. Oh, and the free munchies...
It is Friday at 5PM and it is almost empty. Maybe I'm too early. Food presentation was master chef quality. But not up to temp. Very tastes and good quality food. Nice quiet place with modern clean interior. Has a bar too. I'd come back.
Their hours are amazing and food is unbelievable.
Living in Asia for 5 years, this tastes pretty good!
Stopped while driving through town.  The food is very good but OUTRAGEOUSLY EXPENSIVE.\n\nThey have a station set up so the customer fills out their own order and turns it in at the cashier (weird).\n\nGood but not worth the money.
Happy hour 4~7 weekdays. The best house margaritas but be careful, more than 2 you cant drive. Delicous steak t acos and nachos. My hubby loves the hot salsa and warm chips and bottomless!
So happy to find that Diana from Luxury Nails now has her own shop. She is meticulous and always does a phenomenal job on my gels. My nails look fabulous for weeks.
Always run out of lemon.  Great coffee but better donuts at places like rainbow.
Good prices and goog service, great stake and eggs you can't beat the price.
Cherry Lash Lounge is the best in town for sure!!!
It's just like every other Starbucks everywhere. This used to be a grocery store. What I do like about this location is that if you get a seat right near the window you can access CMU's wifi. :)
Great Breakfast!! Come hungry! One of my favorite spots in Las Vegas!
Beautiful Decor but the food is below average. Don't expect too much except a great looking place.
Wonderful food, great service, reasonable pricing. A perfect 10. I Had the avocado wrap w sweet potato fries @nd an Alaskan Amber beer to compliment this scrumptious dish. *Yum*
My daughter and I chose the 4 hour ATV ride.  Our guide, Chad made the trip fun for people of all ability levels.  This is a first class operation.  Great tour, lots of fun, I highly recommend it!
Very good average hotel outside of the downtown area.
Had so so much fun... Def not kid friendly but for an adult group it was awesome!! Our service was great an hilarious. Have thick skin bc they will getcha!!
I went with some friends here. It was a bit pricey but I enjoyed the roasted chicken and the drinks!
This is the worse place to have any event  we went for wedding on 12/10  /13 it was so cold  service was the worst  this place is a  low class do not book anything there the lady who run the event I wold not let her clean my house .
Best. Dentist. Ever.
The cookies aren't that great, sorry. I can hear the people down the hall banging each other's brains out. Kinda gross. The shuttle service is cool. Location is O.K.\n\nIt's only day 1 so we'll see.
Pretty good burger but nothing special.  It was overpriced in my opinion and bit over hyped.\nService was.......rushed?  We felt like they where pushing people out, and the waitress was rude.  Would not go back.
Great pizza, great service, I have been there many times and always walked away having a great experience.
Great food.  great prices.  Will definitely be back.
The Beef Wellington was delicious. It was cooked perfectly. I also tried the truffle mac and cheese and the potato pur\u00e9e. And for dessert I had the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. The service was also good. I would recommend this restaurant and I look forward to our next visit.
The menu is very minimal. Not enough options for vegetarians and vegans. They have only one veggie dish. \nI enjoyed the Kobe skirt stake that was really good. We ended up paying about $100 per person. A bit too much for what we got.
So-so, good food but what you'd expect for a casual breakfast/brunch place. Weekend mornings are usually pretty busy. Nothing really stands out on the menu here for me. Went for lunch recently and had a wrap which was pretty standard.
Excellent food, great patio and friendly staff.  Couldn't ask for a better lunch spot and you definitely get your money's worth and more!
Good food and great service. Happy hour prices are half off drinks and appetizers. Not a bad place. Nothing fancy but good.
Delicious, exquisitely prepared food.
I had a wonderful Huevos Rancheros and a delish Red Velvet cupcake. I saw it when I walked in last week and decided to try it yesterday. It was everything I dreamed it would be. The waitress was also very friendly and fast.
The theater is nice, so is the staff. It seems every time we try this theater it is full of misbehaved children, yelling and crying during the movie. At Century Theaters they have an employee walk through the theater as the movie is playing to make sure all is as it should be. Every theater should do this! =)
Decided to go through drive thru.I order a #1 2 piece meal chicken breast had no skin on it.ordered a chicken tostada salad, there was NO lettuce nothing but red cabbage in my salad.also ordered 3 crunchy chicken tacos AGAIN NO LETTUCE! Nothing but red cabbage!
Ordered the carnitas tacos and carne asada tacos. Both were absolutely tasteless even with the addition of salsa. Could have (should have) gone off the Strip and paid half as much for twice as good. But then, that's always the case.
Been going to Bailey's for the last six months. It's an older crowd during the day, but at night and on the weekends the crowd id much younger!\nBartenders are all friendly and the drinks are cheap, though they could be stronger.\nI highly recommend it!
glad it's there, but unimpressed...\nneed to go back and give it a 3rd try i think.
Very large restaurant - tables are elbow to elbow. Went for breakfast and had the banana nut pancakes (yum!) and hubby had some egg sandwich extravaganza that the table next to us was oping and ashing over. Friendly service, great prices, good coffee. Definitely could become a habit.
Great concept. A little pricey for this type of  restaurant. Service not great. Would go back again not sure how long they are open may improve with time.\nFood had mixed reviews at our table
Happy Thanksgiving!  What my mother could NEVER do, Chef Brian can!  Thanksgiving @ Cork was great!
Yummy!  I had the Reese 31 Below.  The small is a great size.  My huband had an ice cream cone.  We both demolished our sweet treats! :)
Not really thrilled with this place.  I expected more of an interesting beer selection.  The food was good but nothing to rave about.  Our salads and entrees arrived back to back which I was not thrilled about.  The inside was nice and the staff friendly.  My husband and I agreed that it was not good enough to go back to.
amazing staff and always takes time working on our eyebrows...very professional and friendly that's why we always come here:)
Stopped by this restaurant on the way home, it was a pleasant surprise. The service was great and the food was very good.
We are very disappointed with the management, as they refused to let our kids use their restroom. What kind of toy store doesn't let kids use its bathroom? They need to change their bathroom policy before we go back to spend our money there!
This place has a really great wine selection and the staff are super friendly, patient and knowledgeable. I love it here and also really awesome happy hour deals.
I have always put the MGM in the top division of Vegas Hotels. I fear they are now playing to attract second division clientel. Low rates but the service and quality of the stay was poor. FAIL.
Poor service mediocre food. NY NJ native we appreciate Chicago food, this was very poor imitation of Italian food.
Slimy food. Slimy pad thai. Slimy fried rice.
Worst Asian restaurant ever. The \"pho\" tasted like noodles and plain hot water. The eggrolls lacked flavor . No matter how I tried to doctor it up it still tasted terrible. Waste of money. I'll haul my butt to Chinatown from now on.
The service was very good, but the food did not seem even close to some of the descriptions here on Yelp. We also found the wine selection lacking.\n\nThere are many superior restaurants in the same price range (or less) close by.
this place is horrible. Terrible food and their service is even worse.
You can do it on your own it is easy to do\nyou do not have to do it with your\nIt is great place to visit but do it on your own
The food wasn't bad but the burger was so greasy I had to constantly wipe my hands. There weren't many people in the restaurant either. Not going back for something I can make at home.
I've been to this restaurant multiple times. They serve really good food! All my coworkers loved this place as well.  I have tried the mussels, cuban sandwitch and jerked wings and they are super delicious! The drinks were great as well.
Really good. I mean the fries are hot. The sandwiches are not too messy. Not much seating. Fast service. Tasted fresh and the pita was soft.
Been back several times. Still great. Exploring \"English fare\" is tricky. Some of it is definitely an acquired taste, I'm sure. But Fish n chips are always good. Staff always friendly. \n\nThey have Aero Bars. That alone is worth the trip if u ask me.
I am appalled at the bitter and immature responses by the owners. Personal attacks have no place in business. \nI was hoping to refer clients to Dash however it wasn't the poor client reviews, it was the owners response that led me to a a professional  consignment competitor.
I'm a frequent customer here- but my advice to anyone ordering from the drive-thru is to order your drink without ice.  Whenever I get it with ice, that's about all I get.  Driving home I'll take three sips and I'll be out of soda!
This place needs craft beer on tap which would go well with their menu IMO.  Their grilled steak tasted great and their ingredients were fresh.  Great place to watch the game and hang out in the patio area since there are plenty of TVs around the bar area.  The waitress reminded us of Mila Kunis and Michelle Rodriguez into one ;-)
Do not get lash extensions here!!!!  I got them and followed all directions to a t and they fell off in a week- what a joke!!!  My lashes are now majorly damaged and look like little stubs\n\nI love the clothes there but will never get nor recommend any beauty treatments.
Love this place- they are so nice and helpful and fixed my breaklight for free. I recommend them to all my friends! !
Never thought you would get a good burger at a sushi restaurant.....BUT Sushi Brokers has an unbelievable one!  Outstanding!!
Think I found my Mexican jam! 2 visits so far & the food is bomb! Very clean establishment, lots of food, salsa bar, best darn horchata!!!!! I'll be tearing this place up mucho mucho!
This is was one of the worst motel experiences I had. The hotel smell and run down. I know it's motel but in Vegas, they should do better. I dot recommend staying here \nThe front desk are clueless and not helpful.. I think the problem with the manger
BlueMoon Pho is great and cheap. BUT - they need to change their website! All the glitters are not really necessary, just stick to the basic list of menu and items and we're cooler in dealing with that!
Very good Asian cuisine. The atmosphere and service were superb. I had the red curry scallops. They were cooked perfectly. The sushi is very fresh. My only criticism is; the portion size is not adequate given the price.
the chili rubbed rib-eye very tender....
The store had a sort of fun vibe, you get to watch while the dogs are grilled and it smells good. The food wasn't good though, especially compared to the other hot dog place on Broadway. Also, it was kind of dirty inside and the cashier was rude.
Not so great. weird.
Decided what to quickly eat for lunch and thought Sunville. When I came in, the Dried Pork Bun was made fresh. Bought a hot dog and two dried pork bun, so far very DELICIOUS! I wished I would have bought more, but had to go.
Have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on? Enough said. If I must give you more reason why you can skip this place, the food is completely commercialized and forgettable, and the there is not a whole lot going on here. You are far better off at Stool Pigeons or even Cans.
For vegan fare, it's passable. I liked the food, but not totally in love with it. The teas were the best though, and didn't have any dessert but it sounded amazing.
The mall was huge! I'm  not surprised though because a mall is a mall. There were so many stores to choose from but me and my gf only decided to go to 3.
Great food...been eating here for thirty plus years. Food has the same top quality since I started eating here. Like family here....love the food! Best Mexican food!
Not that happy with their bento and sushi. Took long for my order because they forgot my order and when I finally got my order the meat was tough.....I've had better
These guys are the best!  Great job on my tile grout and rugs and carpet.  The guys were professional and courteous.  They went out of their way to make sure all needs were addressed!  We won't be going anywhere else for our floor cleaning.  Thank you so much Gustavo!
Amazing show!! It doesn't matter if you are a fan of the beatles or not...it keeps your attention the whole time. A must see show for sure!
Sesame Inn has 4 locations. Station Square is the worst of all. I generally avoid this one but love the other 3. Still much better than most Chinese around town.
AMAZING FOOD!!!! We went with a big group for a friends birthday and we were blown away. I recommend the white sangria.\nCan't wait to get back and stuff my face
Really good food..will def come through next time I'm back in AZ\n\nHad the catfish , mac n cheese and beans . Cornbread was off the hook. It's hard to find some good food that reminds me of the east coast .
Wasn't busy but had to wait a little. Food was a little cold on my fiance and son's plate but was discounted. My food came out awesome.
Stop by for dinner last night and place has good food and service was attentive here. Prices are good and the atmosphere is good. I be back later to see if the place stay consistent with service and food.
Really, cleaning and changing the taps at noon, AKA \"lunch time\" on a Friday?Downright stupid! Been 10 minutes waiting for a simple beer and the taps are still not assembled. Anticipating they'll taste like soap :-(
The food was ok. The service was extremely slow! We were 2 of 10 people in the entire place and it took almost an hour to get our food. I got the Mediterranean chicken which they told me would take 25 minutes to cook, which would have been fine except it took about 50 minutes. I doubt we will be back here anytime soon.
This place is roach and cricket infested. Think twice before moving here. All they want you for is your money
This is another great dining experience we've had in this city!!! I HIGHLY recommend this place. I reminded me of Michael's as far as service is concerned! \nThe food was outstanding...we had everything. Check this place out if you're around Vegas!
Arrogance and attitude do not make a good business model.  After five visits over the past year or so, we will not return.
Absolutely wonderful. Service was great. The meal was exquisite. We had a great time. Nice atmosphere and a delicious meal. I highly recommend.
I didn't make it to the top but this thing itself is awesome just from looking up from the ground.  I have yet to see the real thing in Paris, but this replica puts things in perspective for me and makes me want to visit the real thing so much more!
They have a grill for those steaks that u are craving for. Typical ham and roast beef! It was good for the price and for my boys who are at that age they can't stop eating.
This place is a joke!  The owner owes millions to the federal government and was seemingly inebriated! !!  Apparently it's quite the reputation for that! Most of the reviews your rating, ARE OUTDATED!!!!!\nHUGE WASTE OF MONEY! #!!
Used it for take-out on a recent trip to Scottsdale. I would say it is stereotypical red sauce and pasta food - nothing special.  The eggplant was overcooked and dry.
Love the pizza and homemade soup. We even had my sons birthday catered and they did not disappoint.  The garlic knots are yummy to. Definitely recommend this place.
You have one outlet in your cafe area.  One.  My laptop is dying,  and I am using my last bit of juice to complain at you online.\n\nYou get two stars though because you're carrying Athlon Sports' College Basketball season preview issue.
I consigned my dress here after listing it unsuccessfully on Craigslist for quite some time. I could not be more impressed with the customer service and communication. My dress found a new owner and I was able to recoup some of the money spent on my dress. I would absolutely recommend Adore to others.
Something has happened to their kitchen.  New chef?  Too much vodka?  There has been a steady decline in quality since they first opened and it shows in the number of empty tables.  Rethink what you are doing!  Back in the day, you were great.
Great venue for music. The bartenders perform as if they've been beaten in the head with a club before work. I recommend bringing your own booze since it was approximately a 20 minute wait per drink on a Saturday night with no live music playing.
Soggy flavorless pizza served on unwarmed ceramic plate. Carbonara was watery and made with cream instead of eggs. Gnocchi was tough as opposed to light and airy.
Really delicious food! I have been there a couple of time with my friends and each time we tried different dishes - they were all pretty good. I specifically liked their Nasi Goreng. The service was great too. Would surely go there again!
Always enjoy Kona Grill. Excellent food!
Best pizza in Vegas! I'm a North Jersey girl living here and Vegas and this is the real deal!!!
Average but consistent.\n\nNo amazing food here but a varied menu that can please different taste preferences.  \n\nLunch table d'h\u00f4te offer nice variety.  Service is fine.
Just had what have been the best Reuben of my life but I did just have the most expensive one. $9 for a small sandwich with no sides just seem a bit much.
I love the veggie burrito they have here.  It is unlike any other vegetarian burrito I've had before.  The service is great and food is fantastic.  \n\nDo want, do want, do want.
I like this place, and it's a great place to go to get a bite to eat on a poor college student's budget :) service is a little slow, but every time I've come they were busy, so that's understandable.
Haven't purchased a car from here but have had service done. The GM Mike is a great guy and very committed to customer service. Any time I've had a question or concern, he's on top of it.
Way overpriced for what you get.  Wasn't bad, but wasn't great.
still definitely prefer red mango in korea but the pom yogurt was delish as anticipated =)
Pretty good food, agreed on by party of three, but not so great service, even with only four booths occupied on a Saturday afternoon.
Too much for me! I ordered a 1/3 slab beef ribs, and I can only eat half of them. There are about 6-8 ribs in one half plate, too much for me. And the hot source is not that spicy.
I'm bumping up to 4.5 stars for the availability of ground ghost chilis...my mouth is watering as I type this. Nom!
The food is fantastic and the prices are great. All of the soups say they are for 2, but could easily serve 4. The food portions are similar. One can easily get two meals from an entree.
Nice place, a good wide variety of foods to choose from. also a good variety of deserts. free glass of wine. Very good service.
They really have good south Indian dishes especially Kotthu paratto, spciy chicken garvy. But I would rate the buffet as average in terms if taste and variety. And I love their Biryani. Staffs are really nice.
For being such a big hub they really don't have any restaurants or bars but I do see they are expanding which is a good thing. Security isn't that bad here so you can be in and out in no time especially in the evenings. Overall its a decent airport compared to others.
The sushi was nasty and the fried ice cream tasted a little like onions. I love avocado, but it was smeared all over everything and dulled the flavor. The service was also extremely slow and I had to ask another server to retrieve my waiter. I was not impressed.
Had a craving for some authentic Chinese food while visiting.  Food Express Chinese is an unexpected gem not too far of a drive from the Vegas strip.  Great classics dishes and some with a twist.  Their staff is friendly and attentive.  I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
My hubby n I dined in tonight. Got a pizza. It was delicious! The prices are good & the staff is friendly. Extra points for this location being so convenient to where live!
Awesome staff. Casual atmosphere. Fun color options. Competitive prices. Marcy does an excellent job and ensures that I feel beautiful each time! definitely check it out !
I can say this place is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Madison area! I had to try a couple of other vietnamese restaurants near Madison during its renovation construction. I realized that I must thank Saigon Noodle for its great food.  Now no longer waiting too much in line with the recent renovation.
portions are good-food very very bland-be sure to get lots of extra bbq sauce and you will be in heaven-as for the coleslaw and potatoe salad...needs lots of something more-the beans are delicious once some bbq or hot sauce is added - everything is just missing something
Has a really big splash bad, biggest I've seen all over town. Splash pad does not function till May 31.Park is clean but the bathroom stalls have no door. The basketball court is kid sized. The parking lot is tiny.
If you get here during rush hour, it can get pretty slow. However, breakfast is par with other decent McD's and the bathroom and general cleanliness is slightly above par. Good place to take a break. No playground though.
Great place.  Poutines are awesome!  I am a beer snob and I usually lean towards IPA's, but decided to try the Amber.  It was clean, fresh and one of the best tasting draughts I have had in a long time!  Service was top notch
***Reminder not to eat 1 pound of mild garlic shrimp before going to Club Jet*** LOL
Stopped in one night during my business trip and had a medium pizza. Overall, it was ok -- but man did it remind me of Digiorno pizza, just cooked a in a better oven. \n\nEstablish was nice, watched a soccer game and staff was friendly. Just not the best pizza.
great food and soup pastries and bread are real good been to queen creek location and always satisfied.
i LOVE this place!  Emily J. rocks!  Nice building, relaxing environment, and very professional.  Great prices for their services!  I've only gotten haircuts (around $25) and partial highlights (around $65) here, but now i won't go anywhere else.
Came here with my husband, the wait was long,the prices where high and ther service was slow.
Good bar food. Cash only . Seat yourself first come first sere. The walnut burger was decent and had the warm chips and blue cheese dips was not bad . Very cozy place with banquet style seating.
this place is so horrible and I can't believe the rice they sold is mixed with really bad one. And they would never return it and exchange it!!!!
The food has no taste.  I went here for my birthday because we saw it on TV.  I have no idea how anyone can give this place a good rating.  If you like tasty food please go somewhere else.  Not even my 3 year old son liked it.
The food is usually fine. However, we use the drive through at least once a week and I would say that 1/3 to 1/2 the time something is wrong or missing from the order. Make sure to check your bags before driving away.
over priced wafer thin hamburger patties
Love the bread! Reminds my wife of home. Wishes to see more variety of German breads such as echtes bauernbrot, salzstangen und verschiedene broetchen sorten. Danke
caribbean hair braiding are best natural hair care shop ask arizona cardinals player\ni have be going mis gail and mr sherman l love my dreadlocs i have ben going for 6 year\nmy sister get her micros down at caribbean hair braiding love is shop
The coffees here are great but the baked goods are amazing
This restaurant is a class act from top to bottom! My gf and I have ate here around 10 plus xxx, we have requested Carl as our server each time, he is great, never disappoints. Food and service are top notch, definitely my favorite steak house in Vegas! ---8 yr resident
This restaurant I give it a 2 star, its a real nice place small and cozy and very clean!!!! They serve there food in big white elegant plates. The food is ok not the best.
Super fun! Great artists and teachers. Good equipment, clean establishment, helpful staff and lots of paintings to choose from. Had a blast! Will definitely be coming back!
Raised their sandwich price to $3.50.\n\nSomehow they don't taste as good now.
Normal sports bar. Nothing special about food. Experience a hair in my avocado on my salad
Ridiculous expensive drink prices...$16 for a double tall vodka soda. The manager is an A$$. Flip side...cute cocktail waitresses.
Started off with high hopes, given the other reviews.  Service simply sucked.  Dirty dishes everywhere.  Waitress was alone and had no interest in taking our order.  My entree came out at least ten minutes before my companion's food.  Food was okay but nothing to write home about.
We live in the neighborhood and went in for the first time last week.  The assistant manager is SNOTTY AND unprofessional.  Their prices are higher than Harris teeter. I recommend walk.
Great option for those on a gluten free diet.  Gluten free pizza was good, but I was most impressed when they brought regular garlic bread (for my wife) and gluten free garlic bread (for me).
Just plain unprofessional!
The tacos are tiny, but they get you full really fast, excellent service and very nice staff, Taylor was our waitress she was very nice and helpful, she was explaining the menu, and was very excited to serve us.
We took our entire staff there and the food was horrible. It didn't even have the taste of smoke! We complained and the manager came over who didn't care whether it was good or not. Hard, dried out ribs and tough chicken. $165.00 wasted on bad food and horrible management.
Yes I was here, the fountains are very pretty from the street (they are better from the Eiffel tower Paris across the street) I do love the fountains a must see when in Vegas..
Good selection, service and people
I ate here with my dad. \nIt was good but not the best I've ever had.\nIt's like every asian country mixed into one menu.\nWe spent like $200 on a lunch for two of us.
Great food and good atmosphere but the service is a bit slow. In the grand scheme of things they get the food out much faster than you could do yourself and it taste great.  Nice professional staff that was very attentive. I will continue to stop in from time to time for delicious BBQ. Thanks guys.
I like flavor and the carne asada had ZERO flavor. The restaurant is very nice and the spiked agua fresca was awesome. BUT the food has no flavor. Good for drinks not for food. Chips and salsa are ok.
Our table agreed that the best part of this meal was the corn bread. Every order was lacking just that little something that would make a meal enjoyable. One person in our party of seven has said that he will return to give them another try.  The rest of us will not be back
Great place to go for BBQ if you have lots of kids.  The food is good and they have an open grassy area (the grass is still trying to come on this last visit).  We had a good time and it was an easy place for multiple families to enjoy and informal meal.
Heavy pours of delicious pinot noir. \nStart with the cheese plate. \nMushroom soup and Truffle mac and cheese. Yum!\nExcellent service.
One of the cleaner movie thaters in Las Vegas.  It isn't the newest style of theater with the lazy boy reclining seats, but other than that I don't have any complaints.
Julie is fabulous. I wanted a change but nothing drastic. Julie found me a style and also educated me on some products that would benefit my hair. I definitely will be going back!
Billionaire burger really good with froie gras. Sweet potato fries so-so.
I'm 100% persian and was born and raised in LA. I've tasted some of the best home made and restaurant persian food in my time and Pars is nothing short of the best. Quality is always spot on and the meals are authentic. This is the only Persian restaurant that I'll dine at in Arizona.
I only go to ihop for pancakes because I don't really like anything else on the menu. Ordered chocolate chip pancakes and a hot chocolate. Everything was great and I left full and satisfied!!
The chicken fingers taste great but $1.06 for a finger half the size Raising Canes offers? They're simply too small, not enough bang for your buck. This place isn't bad at all, but there is a much better alternative in Canes.
My wife and I go here every year for our Anniversary. We love the ambiance and low key. Make sure you plan this night, because you'll want a reservation. So worth it though! Food is reasonably priced for what you're getting. Wine is BYOB so stop by a little early to get a good wine recommendation.
I'm not a big breakfast eater but when I'm in the mood, I'll drive the 110 city blocks to eat here.  They have great iced tea.  And their green Mama Burn sauce is better than Tabasco.
Average Chinese food, certainly not fusion.  Spring rolls boring and greasy, as was veggie chow mein boring.  Broccoli in oyster sauce was good and a good price
I enjoy Bar Smith the music, the balcony and it always ends in a fun night. Beware the cover sucks and drinks are pricey.
New shrimp cocktail was awesome!   Love them!
This place is good for families, and it's a good value for the money. I'm just not fond of Golden Corral anywhere though. It's okay if you go early before the food bar becomes a disaster area.
Terrible service.  Dry wings. Sent them back no silverware.  We were only table.  Pizza bland and undercooked.   Great TVs and the beer is cold but beer order was mixed up twice
Thanks yelp! Found this gem of a spot and had a great meal. Plenty to choose from and you won't be disappointed. Plenty different pupusas to pick. Or try the sampler with a little bit of everything. Me and my son had a great filling meal for less than $20
I know this place just opened so usually I can excuse the fact that the employees bad service is chalked up to inexperience and getting use to the place. However it doesn't excuse the disgusting long hair I found in my food. Go somewhere else.
$10 for a 4:20pm show. The absolute WORST movie theater popcorn I have ever eaten. I wish I'd have gone a few miles out of the way to AMC for $5 tickets and good popcorn. Very, very disappointing visit!
We are so happy with GVAH!! We just moved here and we're nervous finding a good place to bring our pups. They did by disappoint!! So friendly and the prices cannot be beat!!
LOVE IT!!!!! i know, i know....its in the mall food court. BUT - it is better most greek places in vegas! even better than the mad greek!!! worth going to the mall just to eat there or take it home.
Lost my pants from 3pc suit. Great . Oh i'm sorry.  Here's a hundred bucks.  Go find some.  I would rather have the pants and go elsewhere.   Make sure you have receipts for your clothes. You will need
Just had the mush/Swiss burger ugh! What a disappointment not enough mushrooms and the meat was well done when I asked for med rare. The bun that was suppose to be toasted was burnt, the only thing this place has going for it is the pizza and the onion rings.
Thank you for a memorable evening of great people, delicious food, wonderful wine and being made to feel like we were old friends. Will definitely be back on our next trip.
Bak'd appears to have closed it's doors as a restaurant.\n\nHave been many times before, and have always had great food and service.  We tried to make a reservation for next week and were informed of the sad news.  They only do catering now.
Burgers are over rated, staff was not the friendliest or the most welcoming/attentive, but the onion string are the best!!!!!!!! \n\nThat and the shakes are pretty awesome.
Zum Ballettabend Dornr\u00f6schen meets Anatasia
Had a great stay. The beds were comfy, jet tub spa and quiet. The customer service was great. Will definately be back. The  breakfast was OK. The eggs could have been better.Wierd texture. Other than that..great!
I don't know about nirvana but I'm pretty sure I saw black flag their it looked like a small house the stage was just a raised board so called punks slam danced one dressed like a doctor afterwards the band just walked off the stage and drank with the crowd.
Jesse is an amazing massage therapist. My shoulders were beyond tight and filled with knots. Jesse did a combination of deep pressure and trigger point but not to the point where it was hurting me. I was a little sore the rest of the day, but the next day I felt amazing, he was able to break all that tension up!
This was a wonderful place to eat!  The flour tortillas are made fresh as you watch.  I am ruined for flour tortillas from anywhere else!!
The Round Pie was average..did not compare to Difara's at all.\nWill give it another chance one day with a square pie
$14 for a meal, and still hungry afterwards. Very overpriced for such a small burger. Fries are small and soggy. First time and last time , be warned, every body!
Horrible service. Incompetent wait staff. Food was nothing to talk about. Definitely won't be back or recommend to anyone.   Here's a photo of the staff. During their shift.
Iced coffee is unbelievably good. However, the internet has been pretty spotty lately so I've started going to Crescendo instead.
The Paris burger was delicious! If you're in the area you should definitely check this place out
This place is great.  Not only is the food delicious but the service is everything that you could hope for! I love this restaurant and would recommend it to EVERYONE
This is an awesome magic shop located in NYNY with tons of vintage magic gear and a load of very affordable tricks as well!
I just felt that the calamari was bland.  The roast beef sandwich was too fatty and the au jus was too salty.  Tirimisu was deliscious though.
Very cute little venue to see a live show! Terrible food and service.
Very bad service. They don't show up and are difficult to reach. Do not risk using these for your pool !
Fun atmosphere, friendly staff, but way too much food - holy shit!
Best service and customer appreciation, been going here and never going anywhere else! Very fast and efficient!
We were down in the area for the arts festival and the park toward the point was all torn up and under construction. Not sure what's going on there but hopefully it will be an improvement.
Consistently good food, great atmosphere, good service.  Seating is not easy and wait times for a table are excessive.  Well worth the wait as there are community tables and/or the bar area is just fine for two.
Wow, overpriced, trendy, with below average food...  What a concept.  I've had burgers for half the price that are twice as good.
Best cake ever.  Deserts are tasty.  Always clean.  You won't find a better cake or desert place.
Service is good overall. The have happy hour all day. The food is not healthy, but treats great! The Blue Ribbon burger is delicious. My bf liked his colossus burger. The fries are decent,  but love that they have a range of dipping choices for them.
The cheesy bread was awesome.  The pizza was a mess.  Good beers, people at my table said.  The root beer was pretty fine.  But, when cheese and sauce is just falling everywhere, and when the attention to detail is not Lou Malnati's quality, I dock points on my ratings.
Great place to have breakfast and take the kids\nServers are nice and the bacon is pretty good.\n\nIf you can't think of anything for dinner, this place is OK and typically they have deals for the kids.
Great dive bar, awesome on St. Pattys day.
Worst Cab Service ever. Ronda was the RUDEST person ever on the phone. Please someone just put them out of service already.
google the red and black color scheme.  and google the right hand salute they do as they sing.  this is very odd indeed.  i thought this concept was done back in 1945.
My husband went into the place. The man gave him the wrong order then argued with him he did not give my husband back all his money. The worst experience ever. We will never go back. There food has fell off anyway.
That is some great pizza!!!!
If you're looking for hot wings, they are not hot.  Small wings, they give you a decent amount but for a price.  The bar is not a bar; its in the bottom of someone's house.\nCash only.\nDive bar of dive bars. \nNot worth the drive
Had a wonderful dinner before seeing Britney Spears. The burger and salads were fantastic. My only regret is being too full to have dessert. Don't worry Gordon we will be back. Happy Customers :)
I'm writing this on behalf of my wife and myself.  In addition to my wife's regular checkups for about a decade,  Dr. Grade was the doctor for all three of our children.  We've always felt in the best hands with her and we'd highly recommend her as a doctor.
Great selection of beer. The staff is super friendly, and not to pricey.
Today just got the low carb cheesecake ,excellant very creamy and not to heavy, could not tell lo carb almost feel guilty eating this, like I said in my earlier post bakery outstanding .
Fantastic dessert. Will have to come back for breakfast lunch and Dinner. Great ambiance,  music, food and service!
We eat here almost every other week.  The soups are out of this world.  Anything you order here is going to be awesome.  Highly recommend this place.
Decent noodle dishes served fast. Kids love it. Good breadsticks and you control the pasta combos. Want pad Thai with meatballs? Have it. Great for takeout as well. Can get pretty busy on movie nights since the big Regal is across the parking lot
We frequent this restaurant often, the sushi is fresh and they have a great happy hour menu. Just know it is very popular at happy hour but it's worth the wait. Great atmosphere low lights and very relaxing.
Pros:\n   Excellent Hot Dogs\n   Good Prices\n   Superior Service\nCons:\n   Why can't they open up next to my house? :)
Love this outlet! We go here everytime we are in town. Always great finds!
The wings are ok....mango habenero and jammin jalapeno are amoung my favs...service can be on point some days and then some days not so much   J.R. is def my favorite and most out going and personable server this location has...
This place is a solid find for the west valley craft beer scene.  Brown ale, chocolate stout, and red ale are all excellent. Haven't had the chance to try the others, but I will.
This company is unethical and quotes one price on phone and then movers charge another price.  Horrible customer service on phone.  Avoid using this company.  \n\n\nBad company.
This has been our Friday night 'go to' place for a long time now.  The pizza is amazing!  According to my husband, \"this is the pizza we will eat in heaven\".  The staff is friendly and we have never been disappointed.
Great Service, Great Food.  Was in a hurry and they got us in/out of there quick and the food was fantastic.\n\nWill go again when I'm in the area!  Hidden Gem!
Ask for Kym.  Enough said.
The whole office would come here for the lunch specials.  The food is good, the service is decent, and they have some really fun cocktails.  We all liked it and would go back again.
Not recommended. I would drive to the north end of town instead. The laser tag arena is very small.
Here we go another year later and another change in ownership, but the way they try to explain why it takes 45 minutes to serve your order is amazing. Things happen, but take responsibility especially if you knew at the time of my order you are running behind. Food is still above grade, but the service sucks.
Waited for more than an hour... and it took us basically 2hrs to check in and out... but dr. carullo is sooooo sweet... and so nice!! makes you feel like youre at home and makes you feel very comfortable :) will be back in the future!
Nolen is a very casual restaurant with contemporary American food. It's a good place for an easy meal. Presentation could be better. \n\nThe big problem is service. They are slow and often unattentive.
All of the dishes that I have had have been pretty tasty and decently priced. Service at the bar is responsive. I work across the street so $3 Four Peaks at happy hour is what usually brings me in. I would definitely recommend for that purpose.
Great place to shop at, either for cold gear or hot gear, they have everything.  Their customer service was excellent, they will try their best to find what you are asking for.  Great quality clothing store, must visit if you are in that area.
I've eaten here a handful of times with friends and with my husband. Every time I have ended up with a waiter that was not friendly or even seemed happy with his job. The last time I ate at this restaurant the waiter was just plain rude when I asked about something on the menu.  Other then the bad customer service the food is just ok.
Brocach has earned the extra star mostly due to ALWAYS fantastic service, excellent drinks, and the perfect setting for my department's Christmas party.  The food was fantastic!
eh.\nway too expensive for the mediocrity of the sushi.\nthere are SO many better places to choose from.
I called to get a bridal dress hemmed - no other alterations - she said the turn around time was about 2 months.   That's completely contrary to every other review on here.   Fail. Next.
I go to this gym because it's close to my house and i got a good deal on my membership. It's rarely all that crowded so I can get on any piece of equipment without a wait. I don't normally talk with the staff or most members there. I go, do cardio, lift weights, go home.
I consider myself a bit of a wing connoisseur and I found the wings to be top notch.  I ordered the mild wings and they were larger in size than most places, very moist and covered with an excellent sauce.  Cooked to perfection.  If this place can get it's service figured out, I predict a great future.
Cute place with nice outdoor patio, little chilly for use though.  Inside is clean.  Your local kinda place were you can have a good time.  Service was great, our waitress did a great job.  Had the wings and oysters which were huge .  To bad they tried to steal my friends iPhone she left m the table.
All I can say about those giving Chima a five-star rating is that they must be on expense accounts.  This is one of the most over-priced restaurants I've ever experienced.  The meat is fine, but not out of this world.  Service is very uneven.  I would never return.
Happy hr 3-6 daily half priced tapas & $$ off on wine & beer
This place is one of the best Coffeebars in Phoenix. But if you can't get your flip'n internet to work any better, I'll continue to look.
Given this place two tries and every time I ordered something different but it all tasted the same... No flavor. Cupcakes are dry and flavorless and the cookies were so hard and bland that I threw the remaining ones out. Never going here for dessert again.
Nice interiors ...food's just like any other chinese restaurant offering
I'm sorry. I just wasn't impressed. Ordered a few sashimi delux platters and sushi platters. Fish was really fresh! But just not anything spectacular. For the price, I expect to be blown away. I wasn't.
Fun, very casual bar. Great thon and olive sandwich. Was disappointed in the sangria, which was nothing more than red house wine with orange juice. Great view during jazz fest of the crowds circulating the area however. Great open garage door windows for cool breezes on hot summer nights.
If your a fan of Michael Jackson this is a must see. I'm not going to spoil it for anyone but it's a must see. It was a visual orgy of colors stunts and music. Truly an amazing show.
Amie has cut and highlighted my hair several times. She does a great job. The prices are very reasonable, and it is easy to get an appointment.
Off the chart good!  I just wish they had a place in Los Angeles.  By far the best crab I have ever had in my life.  There was not one thing that I would change in the whole experience.  Can't wait to get back to Las Vegas to eat there again.
the best thing there is the stuffed shrimp!!!!!
They may accept pets but also accept smokers--the room smelled like a smoldering pile of  feces laced  vomit.  This place is disgusting--no black light needed to illuminate the extent of filth.
Bad service. Poor quality food. I ordered the trio sliders which was over cooked and tasteless.
This \"breakfast\" restaurant still is unable to make an omelet without browning the eggs.  My request has never worked, with any waitress.  I will still be eating here occasionally due to the preference of my co-workers.  I just have to order something that is hard to burn.
Excellent service! Van is so nice and helpful. We bring our clothes here for cleaning and alterations and have never been disappointed!
Went to Mortons and the food was spot on. However, the service was not good. Waitress never checked on us, was not very farmiliar with menu. In the past the Wait staff was just as good at the food, but not this time. For the money spent we were highly disappointing.
The Bartenders Suck---\nAt least the few i experienced...\nOtherwise I LOVE THE PLACE\nDid i mention the Bartenders Suck?
I'm utterly terrified of this store. I opt to drive a few miles to Frys instead.
Hue and Andee are AWESOME! I have been going to them for almost 2 years.
Luxor is a hotel I come to quite often, so naturally I was bound to eventually have to check out this place. I am personally a huge fan of sandwiches (trying to stay on the healthier side) and this place was quite the pleaser. My sandwich ran me about 10 bucks but I gotta admit it was well worth it!
Gorgeous museum with a friendly staff. Well worth the visit.
Stumbled on Giligins a few nights ago.  I knew I was gonna like this place when my friend ordered me a Red Stripe and I was served a 24 oz bottle - sweet!!!!   Spin the wheel - its fun!  Cool Dive Bar
Good prices and convenient location.  Could use some better lighting.  Nice to have a place nearby supporting local merchants.
First time I went the bartender seemed offended when I asked if there was a martina list.  The crowd was the uptown snooty crowd that wouldn't speak.  Matter of fact, they looked at you like \"what are you doing here.\"  Dont think I'd ever go back.
I really enjoy stopping by for some fresh produce.  Their selection isn't as big as a typical farmers market but their produce is consistently delicious.  \n\nI came by for their fall fear for the second time and we had a nice time on both occasions.  The pumpkins are pricey so I only got one. A really big one.
As soon as we walked in, the store manager greeted us.  Excellent service and an awesome assortment of glasses to choose from.  As my husband tried on a few pairs, they asked others what they thought.  Very fun and customer focused!  My next pair will be from See and I'll recommend to friends.  :)
What can I say, this place is top notch and the place doesnt smell like smoke in the air. It always smells good, wide open space, easy to get around, but it doesnt have that much shops around. This hotel seema to geared more towards conventions. Although, this is connected to the shops so walking is easier during summer time.
They r just sooooooooo slow when it comes to curbside take out. It is painfully slow.
I heard a lot of positive things about this place, so I decided to see what all the hype was about. I was very disappointed with everything. The wing sauce was mostly oil and didn't taste good at all. Save your money and don't eat here.
lame
Nice place to eat and read (at least for me). Big plate of good food for not much money. Cash only.
Had high expectation for this place since it's Scott Conant's place(watching him being so critical of others cooking), but dining experience with the waiter from hell and cold food leaves a bad taste all together.. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT..
Found this place by accident and decided to give it a shot. Great place with great staff. We will be back for sure but the downside..NO MILITARY DISCOUNT!!
Zero service. Food is given in take out containers. Nachos are served with fake cheese and they do not have jalape\u00f1os.
It was as good as it gets! Wow. Our steaks were tender and moist, our sides were corn and salads, both were excellent. \nService was perfect. Flemings is a great place to treat yourself to a wonderful meal.
The best pizza that I have found so far in Las Vegas!  The stromboli's are good, tha anti pasta is great, etc.  Love this small walk up with a few tables for sitting.  The best part though (as it should be) is the pizza!
Very busy. Service sucked. Undercooked carnita asada. Waitress took plate and fork. Personnel brought steak back after recooking..never brought a fork. Rarely saw out waitress til she brought bill. Bisboy excused her actions with waitress had too many tables.
Sams town is past it's prime and is filthy and dirty and sucks. It hasn't been good since the 1980's
Copper is by far the best Indian food I've had since living in Charlotte - we absolutely LOVED it! The spicy broccoli appetizer is a must have!
The great thing about this place is that it is open late night so you will not die of hunger!!! The food is good, they are fast and very friendly. Sitting out and eat at late night make it a good time.
Dr. Mitch and his staff are the BEST!!! I always leave there feeling a million bucks!!! They will go out of there way to not only get you in when you need but make sure you leave feeling better!!!! Check them out!
When in for a sterring wheel shake they said it was the rear shoes went home with same problen And no they were wrong will never come back!!!! Went next door and problem fixed for a really good price were service was great
Kid Central.  It's for Kids.  If you dislike kids, do not go.  If you are ok with Kids, it's fun.  It's pricey.  It's not all that long or big.
The sauce here is excellent.  The crust is also consistent every time.  People are cool who work here for the most part.  Only gripe, get a better beer selection.  When I go to the valley, I try to eat here.  Good times had by all.
arguably the best overall pho place i have been to.\n\nhuge restaurant, fast service, two big fish tanks, and the pho is pretty good.\n\nthey even offer a jumbo sized pho bowl!
I take my previous review back! I had gotten my nails filled here 3 times and then noticed mold growing under my nails! Yup MOLD! I was happy because they did my nails quickly and got me in and out but there is no price to pay for MOLD! I will never be going back here again!
I just got a quick drink for my class. I had original boba milk tea. It was okay the boba was a little bit too soft tho but the service was so BAD. Made me really up set.
Love the place! The newest songs! Best gathering place in town!
great hotel for the price. the rooms are more like a boutique hotel with mid century modern kind of look and feel. decent breakfast and friendly staff.
I give the food 4.5 stars but the service sucks late night. Why be open when the clubs get out and there's no staff.
Love the feel of the\nPlace and the food\nWas excellent, a must for locals and\n\n non locals
They ripped this out 3 days ago without so much as a how do you do..Yet they are still selling the groupon...dont buy it, its not there...just went yesterday now i have to wait on groupon for a refund!
Worst customer service I pick up my food in drive thru the girl at the window had attitude first she gave me the wrong food order & I told her thank you 2 times n she just ignore me what a customer service never going back again
The topping are good. The Crust needs work. also expensive. Not going back for seconds...lol
A franchise restaurant in a mall adjacent to the airport posing as Le Circe with prices that are far too expensive for a dressed up Macaroni Grill with vaulted ceilings that are unable to mute nor dampen the subway station levels of noise on the main dining floor.
Taylor swift was music was better then the food. portion size was eh. server wad cute but eh. nice location.
New York style pizza by the slice. Yum yum! This place is reasonably priced, has good service and quality ingredients. They also have an awesome bakery. The atmosphere isn't the greatest, but the food is well worth a visit. Too bad they don't deliver!
I ws in Vegas for the weekend, and was craving Indian food, so we decided to go here based on Yelp suggestions.\nWe went for lunch and had the buffet- the food was nice. Decent. Nothing extraordinary but not bad at all... overall decent place. The service is good.
BEST pizza and fresh toppings.
The pizza is overpriced, as is everything else. Also, the food isn't good. The salads weren't fresh and the pizza lacks taste. Fortunately for you, Sorento's is nearby as are several other better pizza places. Service and atmosphere however, are excellent.
My first experience with indian food.  My boss took me for lunch.  The waitress made suggestions and I followed them.  It was excellent.  The food was outstanding and the service great.  I will be dining here again soon
This is the worse Walmart I have ever visited. The management staff DOES NOT staff the store. If you need help, you will wait for 30 minutes or more. Dirty store and always out of stock on the items you want. Also check the diary products as many are outdated. Very sad for a Walmart!
This has to be my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I go everytime I am in Vegas and I am never dissapointed.  Love their queso and they have awesome cocktails!
Worst customer service  walked in with 7 in my party. Hostess didn't properly greet us no one in restaurant told us 30 min wait and had several tables open. Very short and rude
Course is in terrible conditions. Muddy, high grass, lots of holes and uneven greens. The poor conditions keep serious players away.
If you are into martinis, this place is great.  I am apparently too old, though, for the deparately seeking a hook up crowd.  Also, I am not that into pay $10 for a drink.  There are better places in Town Square to get a drink and hang out with friends.
the worst!!!! room was incredibly dirty. left over trash from previous guests. blood stained boot prints on the couch! a t-shirt and an ear ring left in the bed. on top of all of this it was the worst costumer service ever! pictures will be posted.
#1 place to watch soccer in southern Wisconsin. Quesadillas are great. Good vegetarian options. Local owner - Madison born and raised. Pays a decent wage and provides health care. Supports unions. A Madison-institution.
I've been here twice, and the service sucked both times. The food is worse than the food. I really can't recommend this place at all, for the price, I would expect much better.
Tr\u00e8s bien plac\u00e9.Accueil parfait. Check in un peu long mais sinon, super!
One of my least favorite Starbucks anywhere . . . Recently remodeled indoor seating is unattractive and crowded . . . Very few of the baristas here are friendly (there are a couple of great employees, for sure) . . . Heaven help you if you arrive in the morning when there's a line . . .
This is my go-to for lunch during the week. I usually either get the falafel sandwich or the soup/salad combo. Their portions are generous and very filling, fresh and well-seasoned. I always kick myself when I decide to get lunch somewhere else for a change.
This is the main store, but it's also in a few strip clubs around town including my club (rhino) good selection of clothes, shoes, and jewelry. Sadly, I wish some of the people were friendlier. And they had more of a selection if clothes. I dont know maybe that's just me.
Very relaxing facial and massage. Affable staff. Reasonable pricing compared to other spas in the area.
I very rarely give one star reviews but this place is taking forever. \n\nit's been 25 minutes from one hamburger!!!
Go on Sunday!  Really nice person to serve you super good yogurt !
Lynn was very helpful. Even tried to help me over the phone first so that there would be no charge for him to come out. In the end he had to come out and add Freon. He seemed very competent and professional when he came.
I was super disappointed with Blue Burrito.  I realize it is in the airport, but I thought that being in the southwest would get me something that could at least compete with Taco Bell.  Not the case.  The only upside was that it was pretty fast.
Service isn't great, but the food is above average and the atmosphere is welcoming. I like the sweet potato tots. Wednesday night is half off bottles of wine, but it gets packed.
I did not know a burrito could hold that much inside.
Great restaurant.  The ambiance is classy, but not your usual over-the-top Vegas style.  The service was helpful and the food was tasty.  I had the lobster ravioli special.  I also tried the sea bass, which was outstanding.
Came in for breakfast, and had the corned beef and hash. While the poached eggs were over cooked...the rest was excellent. Fast and attentive wait staff, and interesting decor of the U.S.
Stopped for takeout - 2 salads- \"strawberry , chicken , poppy seed\" and caesar. They we so horrible we threw them away. Panera is off my list for now !
If you haven't tried this restaurant yet, you are missing out. Pho I amazing. Don't miss the spring rolls, rolled right in front of you. Fresh ingredients, perfectly prepared and excellent flavor. Clearly family owned with pride.  I am planning my next trip for the ban mi sandwich.
I would not use this company. Used them while we went on vacation. When we returned our pool was green. I don't even know if they came at all. I would say that if you do use them I would make sure they come when you are home, so you can watch them clean your pool!
Very pricey. Lots of fun. But the food was okay not bad. But its Vegas so who cares.
Can't go wrong with Dave's always tasty food. staff has always been good and the service fine. I really think I like their chicken the best.
Great neighboorhood bar WHY DID THEY CLOSE IT?????????????????????
The coffee is great but the service was horrendous. Couldn't keep up with orders and had a bad attitude with the customers. Not worth the money.
Convenient location and they have anything and everything you need. I love browsing through here even if I know I only came for bottled water and a snack. Everything is waay overpriced but what do you expect.
Everyone raves about this place and I just don't get it. \nThe food was ok but nothing special.
I didn't love them I didn't hate them. I thought they were a tad bit pricey consider I just went there for lunch. which is normally  the cheapest  meal . There food wasn't  horrible but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Wonderful trays of food. Here's the deal, you  want to plan to share. Great group go to!  It is LOUD, so don't plan the DTR talk for this place. Quite a wait too. But fun different and great taste. Wine selection great as well as adventurous for some!
The food was amazing! The sushi was very fresh and full of flavor. The best sushi we have ever had. The lamb was very tender, a bit over cooked but still delicious. This is a great place to dine out and have fun.
A very well done cleaning, I'm very happy with this company and I will continue to use their services
The food was not good. The ribs were dry and the meat did not fall off the bone. I was not impressed at all. The servers were friendly, it didn't make up for the food.
Don't stop there it's the worst KFC as far service and food.   Do yourself a favor a drive to the 67th Ave KFC or Taco Bell.   At least you will feel good about not making a bad decision.
Brought my cream colored dress over to the one on Park road this past Friday and picked it up today. They did not remove all of the dirt from the breast area like I asked. Also there was lint and stray colored threads from other clothing on my dress. Will not be returning.
Food was not what I expected for a price like this. The servers were inefficient and the cod is what you could get from an Asian store.
This place is great but the wait is just awful. You pretty much have to eat with the senior citizens at 5.
The food is horrible. Not authentic at all. It was so gross I took one bite of my over cheesed food. Yuck. Only thing good was the chips and guacamole which we had to pay for. The salsa is disgusting and overly salted ewww :( never again
Had their breakfast burrito (without sausage) and it was amazing, and the price was reasonable too.
Poor air conditioner!!! And Not Great foods!! :-X.  Don't  go there trust me your ll be so sorry i was!  :(
If your not looking for \"foo foo\" food this is your place. Nothing fancy, just really good food at a reasonable price. Breakfast is great. The staff are super. If you like diners you will love this place.
This is one of our all time favorite family restaurants.  The selection is fantastic and all the food is high quality.  All you can eat Asian food, sushi and Mongolian BBQ, plus desert,....how can you beat that?  Staff is friendly and attentive.
We had Majors Mobile do an interior detail on our car, and they did a terrific job.  \n\nThe work was done with attention to detail, he did not rush through it, and the results were beautiful.  \n\nI will definitely call them again, and highly recommend them.
Avoid this company at all costs. They are very deceptive and charge way too much. Customer service is a joke. Plus they spam hundreds of posts craigslist with their ads. Won't deal with this company again.
I enjoyed the Chicken Lasagna and the BBQ pizza ,Bomb! The marina sauce that covers the Lasagna made me wanna cry, that good. Check this place out when in Az.
My favorite nail spa in las vegas!! Pink nail spa has the vest nail techs out there with the best ideas for cute nails! if you are looking to get a good gel set or anything that involves nails ladies and gents pink nail spa is the place to go! -Markie Charlebois
Fantastic. . Had a great time and great food.  Shrimp was excellent. . And the steak was excitement in your mouth.
Fantastic guacamole and ceviche. Unassuming location.  Pl turn down the loud tv station, tho...
Great place ! Friendly owner & staff ! Nice humidor & great pricing, on first visit owner greeted my wife & I as family !  We found a home.
It is your everyday post office, nothing fancy.  Expect long lines before holidays and tax day.
UFC PPV Fights are way cheaper at MGM Garden for the same type of view.  Our seats not only were terrible but we felt very squished.  Will give the venue 1 more chance for Labor day for similar seats.  Refuse to pay double what MGM seats cost for the same center view.
This was the second time we ordered pizza from this place, and it wont be the last! The pizza dough is super light and fluffy, the toppings were fresh. Open late, fast delivery, the pizza was delicious and we loved their coupons, we got a free 2 liter! Thanks!
The food is great, and the portions of gyro meat are very generous.
To be fair, the restaurant apparently has a new owner and is presumably under new management. So I do not know if things have changed but hopefully they have.
Booked a reservation for two nights 2 months in advance. Checked to confirm reservation in LA before I drove out at 11pm. They confirmed the reservation. When I got there at 3am they changed my reservation for one night. I couldn't get a room and had to go to another hotel.
What an awful, awful experience with take out from here.  They lost the order.  After having me wait for 35  minutes, it was \"found\" and ice cold.  I have no idea of why I was stupid enough to just walk out.\n\nNever, ever going back.
Food is ok.  Service ok.  Nothing special here.  \nHad the black and blue burger... It was not hot... Like the burger was pre-cooked and just assembled.
The waitress was on point for how busy it was on a Friday night! However, the wings made my date and I sick! And as neat as the atmosphere there is, it looks like a mixture of every other bar in Scottsdale.
Went on a Wed night and ordered way too much food!  Everything was great, Including the service!  Place is very clean and nice, will definitely be back!!
This is now my go-to dutch bros location! staff is always quick no matter how busy! great customer service and knowledge of the menu as well!
You know this place is getting more Americanized all the time. After living in the UK it was a fresh respite from the droll drum grocery stores here. They are carrying more US brand foods but keep that UK flavor. As a real nice addition the bakery is a welcome taste. This store is a welcomed addition to our neighborhood.
-- Great little Hard Rock Cafe in Downtown!!\n****Service and food were pretty good.\n  They even had a small fashion show going on the night of the 26th. :) \nVery entertaining!!
Well, the restrooms are similar to a dive bar. No one seems to check on them throughout the night. A family restaurant ...  The bar staff are phenononal.
We have not been to a better quilt shop.  Good selection of civil war era reproduction. Husband friendly with a place to sit, restroom for customers. Friendly staff.\nGreat quality but not a huge quantity.  \nNo regional fabric.\n\nWe will return.
I expected more from a ritz. Don't get me wrong, it was nice. But the night before I stayed at the Renaissance, and the night after I stayed at marriott at McDowell mountain, and they were both better. Pool is to small.
Good service and products here. I like coming here because the cashiers are always friendly and they seem to take good care of the store. I will be back.
Lots of old people here, it's a blue haired invasion in the winter months. But that's kind of Phoenix in general I think. Staff is hit or miss.
Awesome selection! The veggies are so yummy and fresh!  And they have some of the best selections of gelato in tempe!
Food is awesome!! Although there is a waiting time for dinner. There are plenty of tables available inside while you might have to stand outside waiting for a table. As for food green curry, yellow curry, red curry (extremely spicy), durken seafood noodles and padthai are a must try!
Soooooooo amazing & I'm in love!!!! ;)
The first time I have  used Alamo after using other rental companies previously . Much better service and advice and no pressure selling of unnecessary insurance . Luis the agent was very helpful correctly advising a better car for a one way hire to Los Angeles . Didn't have to pay a one way fee either . Will return to Alamo !
Wendy's..... not my top pick for a fast food joint, but their drive thru is pretty fast! Drove to Wendy's, ordered, paid, received, drove back to work and was back within 10 minutes!
Macy's always has great stuff, but standing in line for 15-20 min is a lot. Great selection, easy parking, great facility.
Thr menu looked great but delivery took forever. Over 1 1/2 hours.  The food was cold.  Must be why it tasted so mediocre.   Are you listening,  Rosati's.
This review is for Tiffany W., your comments to 1-star reviews are simply 'cut and paste' automatic replies that show a total lack of true sincerity.  I simply hope you actually read the reviews and do something for the people that had bad experiences.
This place uses to be about us members but now they are no better then the big banks out there. They will hit you up with fees and even charge a monthly membership fee!  Barf!
I love their burgers and its really taste yummy in my tummy.
I love this hotel. I stay here often when I come. Great service and vlose to everything.
Good steak.  I just wasn't overly impressed, I can cook a steak just as well and it was too expensive.  Typical tourist strip joint.
The pizza was good but the wait time for pick up was far too long since we had called it in WAY ahead of time. We even hit Wal Mart before going to pick it up and we still had to wait for our pizza...
Nothing exciting here, just typical diner food brought to you by Sysco or US foods. Everything was passable and reasonably priced.  Salad bar was freshly stocked even at 9pm.   Its better than the fast food you'll pass on your way to or from san diego.  Been here before and will come again.
$35. to plug a tire. Fletcher's only charges $10. Eff That!
Good Food
Only reason I go to this place is for Angela! She does amazing work! Got an idea on Pinterest she's down for the challenge permitting that everything needed for the look is available in the salon! I love the look of the place very chic and the girls are super nice! Ask for Angela and you won't be disappointed!
Possibly the worst Starbucks i have ever been too..  Manager speaks over costumer and has about zero knowledge of customer service ...
Over priced mediocre pizza. Actually it's difficult to even call this pizza. Beer selection is good and reasonable is the only thing they got going for them.
Was visiting friends and found this place thanks to Yelp. The food was good but not good enough to warrant 4 stars.
Went here for the first time with one of my co-workers and I can say this definitely a fun bar with friendly people and amazing bartenders who can whip up a fun drink on demand if you're not sure what you want!
Pulled pork is delicious, food has always been served hot, service is friendly and attentive! \n\nMy only complaint would be the location- the old building had lots of windows and natural light, and an open layout; this location lacks those.\n\nStill a NC classic!
Amazing food! Looks and tastes like a piece of art. Service is personal and first class.
I came here for lunch, maybe two customers ahead of me, waited for 30 minutes for a sandwich. Get your act together, should take 30 minutes to make one 8 inch philly cheese steak
Open 24/7!\n\nHonestly, I don't remember what I had but it was good! \n\nAll I know is, if I were hungover, I will hands down convince all my other hungover friends to go here and have some good, homemade Vietnamese food!
Good time for sure! Lasts for 2.4 to 4 or 5 hours depending how long you stop for and socialize. Don't be a fool and use sunblock and drink plenty of water! \n\nGet your own tube! It's 17 to rent and they hold your ID, other than that it's awesome!
Nice mom and pop store. Prices are actually decent and theirs a good selection of everything.  Has beer and alcohol.  Plenty of snacks.  Sort of a poor mans 7/11
I was told by many people that this place was fantastic, a not to be missed experience.  There were four of us dining and we were not impressed.  The food was average, the cost was extravagant.  I would not return.
Wonderful, delicious cake.  Would give it 5 stars but it is a bit pricey.
The worst Subway sandwich I've ever had.  It's a 12\" sandwich, how difficult can it be?  It practically exploded once the wrapper was opened. Eating it was next to impossible.  Tonight was the second consecutive experience like this...won't be back for a third disappointment.
......
Good food, nice variety of dishes... I subtracted one star only because it's more of a casual place, cafeteria-style.
Great unique decor. Nice friendly owner and technician. No chemical smell in the salon and it gives u more soothing and relaxing feel. Love my sparkling gel mani and pedi from this place!
Ordered the 1/4 chicken with fries and coleslaw, and the crispy chicken burritos.  The only we can take it down were the fries, sodas, and the chicken.  The burritos was deep fried, nothing special, no taste...  The TV was too loud.
Delicious redone oldie in old town Scottsdale, I had the farmers salad and shrimp cocktail. Both were fresh and delicious.. Ribs were good but not the fall off the bone style, more chewy and Kansas City style BBQ sauce.
Fantastic little hotel. Stylish, cozy location in Old Montreal with extremely nice and helpful staff. Our room was on the small side but still quite nice.
This place is alright I guess...kinda ticked me off when they wouldn't substitute bacon for more fruit. How un-American (Canadian) is that? Also it's expensive for what you get. Also located in that excuse for a mall.
Did not like, few selections, not really cost effective
I love this place.. I come her almost daily on my lunch break.. Great product, great customer service, and a wealth of knowledge
Used to be my favorite pizza and sub shop but has really gone down hill the past year or so.  Many have mentioned how their recent visits have been dissapointing.
The food is better than average fast food. I especially liked the burritos and beef nachos
I love the concept for this place, and I love the food even more.  Absolutely delicious food, and very thought provoking.  The menu is limited, and so are the hours, but this is a wonderful experience not to miss.  This place is unique, fun, educational, and the food is great.
No self fill drink station? Shameful!\n\nI know this is Las Vegas, but don't gamble on the power of filling up your own drinks!
Just received these today in the mail as a gift. I usually dislike any baked goods that come mail order, however, I have to say these are absolutely amazing. I want to eat the whole box immediately. I highly recommend these and will use this company next time I want to send a gift to someone.
Definately a place to see celebrities if you're into that kinda thing.  The dessert donuts were memorable and so were the baby kobe beef burgers.  Go for the great service and free pass to Light ....and check out the decor...ambience is what it's all about here.
This place is great. The staff is so friendly and efficient despite it always being crazy busy. I love all of the choices for breakfast and can't get enough of the 5 dollar mimosas. I think this is my new Sunday spot.
I think this place used to be a Quiznos. Honestly, I think I'm happier that its not. Really enjoyed my Philly Cheesesteak, the veggies on it were great. Fries are delicious and I don't like fries.
Great food might be an understatement, even better prices! Love Komex Fusion, only reason I gave it a 4star, is it could use some major scrubbing inside but if you are willing to look the cleanliness the rest is great.
What a disappointment! For a restaurant that showcases its' meat, it seems laughable that the hamburger meat quality was not as good as Burger King, complete with gristle and was overlooked. The seasonal salad had zero flavor, fries came out soggy the first time. The unsweetened ice tea was the only saving grace.
Food is alright, price is alright. service is alright didnt even bother to fill us water even there were no one at that time..
Great service! Will be the only place for all my BMW 325xi maintenance and repair needs. I'm Never going back to the dealer!
food is nice yet if you want to substitute the rice in your dish for extra beans, the sever ( who is a girl) will give ya a stink face and a little bit of beans. change your face or we wont come back.
I didn't even get a chance to stay here...due to the rude staff and miscommunication on Priceline.com. That's why I am rating it low. But from the other reviews, I was better off at the Circus Circus anyway
Best all you can eat in Vegas. High quality fish every time I go! A must try for anyone with a sushi craving.
Good, greasy, cheap happy hour for hang overs. Order your wings bare and then you can have as many sauces as you want by dipping them into \"samples\"
Good assortment of smoothies. Nothing about my smoothie blew me away. I can't find a place with great and healthy smoothies anymore.
Great food. Awesome wings!
Obviously, their bread is delicious. But if you go to this location make sure your waitress is Kalani! She provides the best costumer service and is so friendly! 5 stars baby!
Ok if you're desperate for breakfast and air conditioning while Vegas sizzles 110 and you need to sit down.  I could not get a clean cup of coffee ~ eventually the waiter have me a styrene cup.  Also had to change the silverware.  But the food was good.  I recommend the light omelette.
Update: I had to take a couple stars away based on my most recent experience at Thai House...my entree was blander than normal and the mango sticky rice was a major disappointment--the mango had been frozen!
Absolutely horrible! Cold donuts... had to put them on my dashboard to warm while driving to work, ordered a lemonade, huge mistake tasted like chemicals! Completely inedible. Never again krispy kreme!
This place has gone downhill cause of the owner
The best Vietnamese food in town!!! Friendly service, clean restaurant, and most especially AMAZING food!! Ask for the chili oil to add to your pho base...YUMMOLAS!!!!
Great happy hour prices on food!!!
Banh mi was ok. Not the best I've had from a Lee's Sandwich chain. BF loved it..lol..he ate one of turkey ones and a chicken Banh mi, but will be good on a late night creep.
Ulta sells a wide range of brands of beauty products from drug store brands to high-end designer brands.  The cool thing is that they actually accept manufacturer coupons. They also have their own coupons and frequent sales, so you can get good deals here.
The portions here are very small, especially the \"small plates\" -  - it would definitely take 2 or 3 small plates to fill up a person.  Small plates are definitely over priced as well.
I lived in HK for 3 years and loved Little Sheep and when I came back for the holidays I was so excited to see that there was one in Montreal. I was a little disappointed, I don't really like the raw meat buffet style and there weren't that many varieties and options. So overall is was so-so.
Oh Cornish Pasty Co, I wish I could eat you every day.  The more traditional pasties are great, as well as the Royale with cheese and the Chicken Tikka Masala one.
Just went to look at these love love love em and the location the staff are wonderful.....yey its everything a home should be. Did I say location location wooo its gonna be fun to live here :) Talk about spoiling yaself :)
This Starbucks is inside Von's. It has limited pastries and often takes a long time to get your order completed as there are only a few workers at a time. They also run out of product quickly and I believe they close at 5. Plus no drive threw.
Everyone is so kind and helpful. Being a foster mom has brought so much love and joy to my life. I love it here
Reasonably priced gyro meals, great location next to the theater, friendly service.
We have eaten here dozens of times for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Overall, the food is good and the staff is friendly.  This location is very well managed and the food is above average for a chain restaurant.
You just can't successfully imitate Chipotle. The food here is mediocre at best. The guac tastes like it was squeezed out of a bag. Definitely will not be back.
Went here for Sunday brunch. Five Star decor. Food was good. Service was friendly. Seemed a little  expensive on the value scale.
Chile Relleno is really good. It comes with the standard side of rice and beans which is nothing special. I have been there 4 times and have the same thing each time. Don't blink or you'll drive right past this place.
The food was OK.  I ordered the Reuben Sandwich and one of the guys that worked there was making such a big thing about how big the sandwich was and how I would probably have to take half home.  I was so disappointed when it came out.  The sandwich was not as big as he tried to make it seem,.
Got invited to see a early screening of the movie Planes. Its a great theater they had everything set up really well for the screening. The theater like many other Harkins are clean and have great customer service. I prefer Harkins over any other movie theaters.
Have been here 3 times. All 3 times resturant was filthy.  Food is not as good as other golden corrals.
2.7/5 Average deli. Better than Subway for sure but nothing out of the ordinary, could have got the same ingrediants from the deli at Albertsons and made my own.
Food is fantastic and prices are reasonable. Service was great. Great find.
30 minute wait for a table to order mediocre pizza. Not worth the wait or money.
Ordered a sausage and provolone of omelette and it was absolutely incredible my wife had muffeletta and I had to have a bite and that was amazing as well incredibly nice and excellent customer service from the staff def coming back to try everything so happy we found this place hidden gem for sure
They have a great happy hour but the service could use some work. The sushi always tastes great but seems to be quickly made -too quickly- because it falls apart very easily. If you don't mind waiting for a server longer than usual this place is OK.
The Victoria green chili chicken was good . They only give u one tortilla for the chicken. Beans good. Rice no. Spicy nacho dip has weird taste at first but it tasted ok. Food was expensive and there's no kids menu . It was good but not excellent.
Food is good, but the service is slow. Each time I've been to Barro's Pizza they've taken over an hour to get the order out to the table. The food is good so I don't mind going back for slow service.
cool vibe, ok service, ok food, WAY overpriced for what you get.
I have to find excuses to come here.\n\nPastries are incredible. Almond croissants are ridiculous.
I spent over 20 dollars for a what looked like pizza on the top of a biscuit and that's the way it tasted. The toppings were ok ,the sauce was tasteless overall I wouldn't return.
One of the best museums I've ever been to.  Extremely interactive, educational, fun, and interesting.  The place is laid out beautifully with wonderful guides to help you along the way.  There is so much to see and learn here.  You'd have to spend at least 3 hours here to take full advantage.
quick,easy,huge variety and very affordable!
This is a great little butcher shop. I have come in several times, mainly on a whim and usually during Thanksgiving looking for a turkey, and have always been pleasantly surprised by the quality of the meats they have present.\n\nI will continue to return.
really great service , really tasty food ....wish I was local as I would return
Food was okay and service was okay...the only benefit was booking on opentable so that you didn't have to wait in line.  If you are really hungry and just want okay lots of food then this is your place.
Donuts are a staple of life and Bosa's is where one goes when the craving calls in East Phoenix.  Stay with the cake donuts and the crullers.
In a hurry? Stop by and go through the drive up window and get your fast courteous face to face quick service and your done.
Fox car rental is cheaper than the more popular car rentals but its miles from the airport. You have to take two shuttles from the McCarran  Airport to get to Fox.  Rather inconvenient. The lines move slow once at the check in counter.  Won't use them again.
My favorite!! Has a drive thru as well!!!
If you wanna hang out in a club surrounded by jabronis, listening to a mix of Nickelback and Steve Aoki, and staring at mediocre strippers on painkillers, this is your spot.
Dirty slick holds. Hate the fact I can't move mats. Some problems were fun, some were awful. The staff is very unfriendly. Unless you're part if the clique no one will talk to you.
Very clean and professional. Plus for me was the fact that they are an American Express merchant. Was able to get in the same day too. I will definitely be back and refer my friends   Great location as well
Great atmosphere!! The service was phenomenal!!  Good beer selection and the food was awesome!! Sweet potato tater tots and the burger with pulled pork on top was great!  Can't wait to come back!
Very clean, all the equipment is in excellent condition and the hours are good. Month to month is only $10 plus a $39 sign up fee. Diverse clientele
They are moving to Chandler ..... I'm extremely sad but they are now offering twice a week delivery to the Scottsdale Quarters area due to the amount of disappointed regulars .... I still love them and they still deserve 5 stars
Food was good but forgettable.
Bought my bong here. Lots of choices. Has everything you need to get ripped. True smoke store.
This location is far preferable to the 'original'. Way better feel and flow of the building. Gotta love the panini and salad split :)
I love Boltini and Boltini loves me :)
I can't rate the food - the people at the counter were so rude to me that I decided to leave before ordering.  \n\nIs this part of the \"Essence\" of this place?
Went here for lunch with my husband.  I had a gyro and he had the lentil soup.  Both dishes were good!  Pretty big restaurant for downtown Phoenix.
This place does not deserve a single star.  It was free with the room but the food was OLD, COLD, and TASTELESS! They don't even serve crab legs over the weekend! That is the whole reason for me visiting a buffet in the first place.  Totally unhappy with the dinner here.
I wouldn't recommend the ceviche...flavor was very fishy.  Not well prepared.  Street corn and quesadilla starters were good.
The sweet potato tots were amazing! All the different sauces they have are really good too. The burger was good but nothing too special I've definitely had better being from Chicago. I'd go back again to try different burgers though, I had the hangover.
Great food and service. The whole shabang is best seasoning.  Well worth the price, would recommend it to anyone looking for great seafood.  Will definitely return.
yummy!!!! finally a buffet that I actually enjoyed, the food was great!!! it is pricey but well worth the quality!
I bit expensive, but the simple fact that you can get higher end wines by the glass (or even a 2 oz pour) makes it forgivable. Cheesy outdoor singers, bit that is the fault of the venetian, not the restaurant. Friendly staff and great cheese!
We had mold in our bathroom. Asked them to clean never did.  No ac. But fan in ceiling.   Even numbered rooms have view of building next door see pics.
1 star simply because I called from the parking lot to ask the wait- was told no wait, walked in 3 seconds later and was told a 15 minute wait.
This place is two separate businesses. One is a retail shop which is very nice and typical cigar store. Many varieties. The other part is a cigar bar which serves alcohol and snack food. Nice area but small. When its crowded, you feel it. Each has a separate entrance and a common door.
Food is what I'd expect from a diner, but the service is horrid.  Price \\value good
Check back often as items come and go fast.
Beautiful building, easy to get around.  \n\nThe buffet that was prepared for the event was really great actually, for conference food (it was italian themed).
What happened to Pei Wei they used to bring the food to your table at the same time and this is the second time that the food trickles down. My partner is half way done and I'm not served yet. Their customer service is down big time :(
Good but nothing special. I hate to say it but Subway is a better value.
I got a tattoo with Anthony ,had a blast , all the guys in the shop are super cool I would recommend coming here !
I just stopped by to get my oil change and I was very surprise with the Manager and the staff at this Jiffy Lube location. They work well and fast.  I definitely recommend them. Keep up the good work
Great food! Especially the fries !! I still get cravings from the fries ! Must have crack sauce with them too.. The burgers are good as well. Worth the price for sure
So far so good
The 5 stars is for the chicken bbq skewers.  The best ever!!!!  We order them in bulk Everytime we have guests and they all love it as much as we do.
Tr\u00e8s professionnel et tr\u00e8s beau r\u00e9sultat pour un prix tr\u00e8s correct!!  Je valide! :)
Slow, rude servers. They brought me the wrong drink, didn't even apologize. I love margaritas and theirs is not good, best to skip it. We came to eat  and watch the race, we left after one drink. Very disappointing.
Dropped in for lunch and went for the half BLT sandwich with side of Beef Stew. Was not impressed with the limited selection of everything in the market but at least lunch was bitchin'! I'll have to slide into the coffee shop next visit.
Dana is fantastic. I came to her looking for something to help clear up my skin. She helped clear up my soul, my skin ended up being a side benefit :-) \nChinese Medicine really is the best tool to manage self care and what a big umbrella that Covers! This woman has the perfect bedside manner to go with it.
Fire Grilled Chicken, done whichever way you like: burrito, tacos, salad, etc. They have healthy \"Under 500 calorie\" menu options. Individual combos for $7-$9 and Family Meals $20-$30. Salsa bar with four fresh salsa options.
Like most on yelp I really wanted to like this place..food is super bland,staff super rude.what a waste of historical space.something good awesome and delicious needs to be here!
This place is awesome. I always find an awesome find when I come in. I very rarely see small comic shop's anymore but this place is great. Whenever I go in the people who work there are just hanging out in the back but if you need help they're always glad to help you.
Great service and competitive rates!
The worst food I have ever had.  I tried again, for the last time, and I am sending my plumbing bill to their corporate headquarters.
Great place, good sushi and great ambience! Love the atmosphere. A bit pricey but very worth it, also good drinks and appetizers and awesome presentation!
Incredible Italian food. Mushroom appetizer is just phenomenal. So is the mozzarella cheese. Great fish. Expensive but worth it!
Great option if you want good food and a low hassle restaurant that's on the strip. The burgers were decent, but we just wanted a quick meal that wasn't at a fast food chain or a high end restaurant. Location can't be beat. There was a short wait though, maybe five to ten minutes.
I ate at Fleur de Lys and also Restaurant rm, but China Grill was my favorite!  Special was an amazing sea bass with risotto..the appetizers we enjoyed the most were the crab cakes and lobster pancakes.. Each bite more delicious than the last!
Typical not special Mexican food, but over priced.  Service varies from great to pretty poor.
Awesome quality on all sushi. All fresh. The food was amazing.....but a bit over priced and bad service. I will come back just because of the hours, open late and great food.
Awesome outdoor walking mall area. Shops are higher-end but there are some other places to shop too. Great restaurants! Music in the warmer months and a nice little play area for the kids and the ice cream place is right next to it.
went through the drive thru, didn't speak English very well. Took my order knowing fully well that they were out of the type of chicken I ordered. Very rude! I will NOT be returning to this location on my next Vegas visit!
As I was just looking for a new nail salon I noticed this whack ass place deleted my review along with the others that gave low ratings...so keep deleting my shit...I'm gonna keep posting it :) jackass'!
This place is just okay. I'm sure their location affords them plenty of diners, but they should try a little harder... The food is really salty. Wait staff can be incredibly slow. While staying in the city, I regretted having eaten here and not somewhere else.
Great place to get vintage for both men and women. Lots of hard to find things, very affordable and ever changing.  I go when I am in town and I send people here often.
Pizza is basic, a little overpriced imo. Don't get the wings, mine were raw, cheesy bread was pretty good actually. The place needs a revamp.
I hope you have a lot of time to spare because the service at this place is the slowest I have ever seen.   Lots of people complaining about cold food and wrong orders.  I won't be coming back.
Very poor costumer service,please do something about it or i will. its so horrible how you guys hace such poor people working there. You guys need to fire some workers and get to know them well before hiring tgem..
The broth is weak and there's a funny taste in the meatballs. The one on rainbow used to be one of my favorites. The food quality and flavor have really slipped with the expansion. Much better Pho one block either way.
Third trip to the Strip. A decent room with good space. Not quite the view. Back end of Monte Carlo for us on rhw 15th floor. Not a seperate shower. Pros lots of small deli and eateries.
Had the burrito with Guac. It's great for the price they got a little stingy with the toppings though. Great place to get your stomach filled with massive burritos
Great restaurant! \nThe service is just as it should be and the food is tasty. Plus, it's a \"bring your own wine\" kind of restaurants which makes it a place where prices are reasonable. \nWill definitely go back!
Film selection here is not quite as good as at Concord Mills, but the theaters offer a smaller crowd, clean theaters, and most of the big hits.  It's a chain theater, so not really anything else of note.  Average size screens, average size seats, typically horrendous prices.
Got me right in and now I am assured my preowned car is in tip top shape! No hidden fees and the employees and atmosphere was very pleasant. I will continue to take my hybrid here for regular service. See you in 5,000 miles!!
This place is simply amazing. The food is always so good, the staff is always very friendly and I have a blast whenever I head over there.
it's seems like medium means well done here so make your self clear!
Delicious food and great prices. We come here very regularly and always enjoy ourselves to no end.
Great little family bakery with great pastry and juices.  The owners are so nice and passionate about what they do.  Can't wait to come back.  Really love their empanadas.
You have got to be kidding me?! Old stylists, even older clients nothing new or innovative. I guess this is where old stylists go to die!
What a Wonderful Addition to Southend Charlotte! We frequent this place quite often. All of the dishes are freshly prepared and has a Great environment. Defiantly great for any occasion. Hint, get there early it's always packed!! Absolutely love the Okra and the Chicken BLT sandwich!
An old style family restaurant.  A very good value for the money.  My entire group liked the food.  A little bit of everything for everyone.  We ate Greek food, they also have Italian.  Can not vouch for the Italian as we all ate Greek Food.
To whom it may concern at the UIUC, \n\nThank you for finally dropping the Chief as your mascot. You held out so long for more alumni dollars. You should be so proud. \n\nGood riddance!
Finally a cupcake that isn't dry or bland... yay! Their red velvet cupcakes are probably the best I have tasted in a long time - still not as good as homemade, but a close second!
These guys did a radiator flush for me a few days ago - The manger was the one that helped me - he was fantastic!
Better visit than my first visit!! Food is a step up from what \"might be\" the competition!
Great diner for breakfast,  lunch or dinner.  Very affordable menu with great customer service.  Has an old school chill friendly diner vibe. Will definitely be back and I definitely recommend checking it out. 2 people we spent like $22 and left full.
Not too impressed by this place. The seats were verrrrrry hard and did not recline and the service was sub par.
when i first saw this place I was hesitant to try it. I am glad I did! Its fast food but it taste's better than any chinese place around here. The meat is grilled and taste's amazing. Everything about this place is fresh and quality ingredients. Im glad I found this place I will be back.
I am a huge fan of this place and try to go every time I visit Vegas.  I think it is the best sushi place in Vegas.\n\nTry the Viva Las Vegas roll, its to die for yummy!!!!
Nice Place, quality clientel, draught specials and healthy woman.
Good atmosphere and food.  I was disappointed that the food was very americanized the food was sweet not spicey at all.
Very very good. Kind of hard to see it from the street. Such big portions and amazing prices! Authentic Mexican food. Such good flavor
Fun atmosphere, tasty food, some star-watching if you are lucky, and nice cold beer.  What more can you ask for?
Carne Asada Fries. By. The. Pound. I love this place. I will admit the place is small but the food isn't.
Very good food. Quick and tasty. Warm feel and friendly. I just walked in and got good advice on what to order. Chile Relleno and fried ice cream for dessert!
I wanted to take my friend from overseas.  This is interesting place to introduce.  Portion?  Oh yes it was too big to enjoy it but it is fun to take a picture.  :)
Gary the owner is very nice and Ya Ping our server is very polite and she and the entire staff are very friendly. For some really great food and fast service, come inside, have a seat and enjoy your meal while watching one of their many TV screens.
The food was good (empanadas and puff) and the presentation was beautiful. However the prices seemed a bit high and the waitress and chef were very harried and made it a stressful dining experience.
This place is nice. I didn't stay at the hotel, but I did spend some time in the casino. The cocktail waitresses were young and friendly, and the rest of the staff was very courteous. It was clean and decorated nicely. Fun place to go to.
i was refered here by a friend and i must say my husband and i loved it the food was amazing and the service was great Mexican is my favorite food and  this has become my new favorite place  i will go many many times  and we are very very very picky
Awsome burgers, and the staff is really friendly.  Managers moved our table because VIP wanted our table but the manager comped our next round of drinks.
We passed this place while walking by several times over the last couple days. We knew we should eat there because there was always a line out the door and we were not disappointed. We spent $60 for 4 adults. Everything we ate was fantastic although I would never remember the long Vietnamese names of them. The service was amazingly fast.
If it happens that your nail tech will mess up they not gonna redo it, still charge you 60$ and if you try to complain they will tell you to never come back ! Never gotten my refund either. There are many other salons in the area who do nail art for much lower price and have way better customer service!
We were really hoping this place would be good, but it wasn't. I loved the look, but the food was disgusting. We ordered the crab dip which was gross and I ordered fettuccine which was canned and tasted awful. The owner was nice and apologized but unfortunately you have to have good food with all the competition out there.
Small and quaint, the servers are friendly. Food is good, coffee is hot. Even in summer, they have decent patronage. I  sure the winter will be busy. We always like small, locally owned business - and we love our breakfast places.
i have never been treated so rude. owner has anger issues! do not give this store your business.
Always gotta stop by when I am in town. The ferrets are always fun to visit with.   Friendly staff and a great selection. Plus the House Cats are very mild mannered and like some of the customers attention.
Very good and very cheap; but not the quality. Food is fast but very good and service is always great and friendly
Love that it's not crowded when I go. Needs updating and most importantly they need to get wifi
you guys are the best! roberto's can't hold a candle to you!   LOVE u guys! ty!
What a fun time we had..the music and singing over the top, I was entertained from beginning to end ..some of\nThe most talented singers I've heard in a long time...
Love the GFM!  There is always a great selection of products from produce to dog food to peanut butter to spices. I need to go earlier to get a chance to eat at Uprooted before everything is sold out.\nI would definitely come more often if it wasn't so far away from me though.
Horrible dark dirty place, bad service, totally in-authentic food. Anyone who thinks this is good Med food was born, raised and lived in Apache Junction their entire  life
So I keep going back... and loving it. If it were not on the pricier side I would go even more often. I do wish they had more non alcoholic options, but the food is perfect EVERY TIME. Its awesome.
one word... --- PACKED\n\nsuper tight place if tao beach isn't open. when i say tight i mean body to body with no room to move, let alone dance.  if tao beach is open then this place is the place to be!!
This is a very unique restaurant to visit for special occassions; I love how everything is underground!  The bar's selection of liquor is very impressive and pretty affordable.  Dinner has always been superb on my visits.  My only complaint is that sometimes you get stuck sitting very closely to other tables because the restaurant is rather small.
Super expensive, but very good quality as well. Service is hit or miss, and in my experience it changes whether you speak English or French.
I can't ask for much more in a small bar than friendly service, inexpensive drinks, and positive atmosphere. That's what you get at the Ohio, with really fun karaoke dj's and regulars, too!
Very authentic Greek food and ambience. The owner came and chatted with us for a while.
I love the food in the buffet. It is definitely delicious. I personally enjoy the rice congee with the black egg, but that is an acquired taste. The only problem i have with the buffet is that it is extremely pricey. For my wife and I, i think we would pay around $100 with the tip included.
I haven't been to an Islands in 10 years.  Now I remember why.
This was the best noodle house I had been to.  The noodles were freshly pulled and the broth was very tasty.  Wish they had such a noodle shop in Sacramento.
A great combination of pool hall and italian bistro.  The coffee was very good and I will be going back to try the tiramisu!
Ate the seafood alfredo and was VERY disappointed. The sauce was very watery and bland. I basically loaded up on soup and breadsticks. Definitely a pass.
I work in Vegas so sometimes I just want something quick and healthy.  I love their wraps and usually like their smoothies but this time I was not impressed with my smoothie. The smoothie tasted like frozen sugar water.  They need to get to the healthy basics of fruits any nothing else.
Worst service in Pittsburgh. And we love Pittsburgh! The waitress' attempt to apologize was really a bunch of excuses.
I put this picture gilbert house restaurant facebook and they just block me. I' sure they block other people too if someone write truth.
My boyfriend's mom ordered some Barro's Pizza for us one time, and I ordered again at our place. It pretty much tastes like Jet's Pizza from back home, and I love it. Lots of cheese and the crust is nice and soft. The prices are very reasonable too--there is always specials and coupons floating around.
I am so incredibly thankful I found Randy. He has been so wonderful in taking care of my little Lincoln. He is reliable, always on time, good at communicating and loves the dogs as his own. I don't know what I would do without him.
Gave this spot a second chance after visiting right after their grand opening.  Sat at the bar and found it was dirty, very average food and the waitress acted like she was doing us a huge favor.  Try harder people!  We need better restaurants in north Phoenix.  Lots of opportunities to improve.
It was food. We had a restaurant.com gift cert, and that made me feel of with the experience.  The food was decent, but not great. Under seasoned steak and veggies.  The waiter was nice enough, but the place was empty.  Hotel food, hotel atmosphere.
Took things in to sell today. Not only do they pay next to nothing for hardly used items, the owner was so surly and condescending, I wish I'd given my stuff to Goodwill which I will do in the future.
It was good! But the wonton ooOomg there was nothing inside and I called the restaurant and the lady said there was only Tiiiiiiiny tiny bits of chicken! LOL Wich is a lie cos there was none!!! \nWhy Lie?
It is pretty loud in here, but other than that I like the food. The chicken sandwich and the fries are great.
The Herb Box Scottsdale is now in what was the Estate House Restaurant in Old Town area. The food is casual yet sublime. The ambiance at the Scottsdale location is fantastic and gives competition to Olive and Ivy any day!
One of the nicer breakfast places to check out. Go there for Mimosas and crepes!
This place has the best donuts I've ever had, and I've tried a lot of donuts!
Perfect location. Beautiful d\u00e9coration. Right menu but the flavor is laking. Not well seasoned at my taste. Great place for group.
Awesome historic brick architecture. Great beer selection. Super friendly and engaging staff. Check out the salt/pepper saker selection.
I revisited this place and my opinion improved a lot, so I took back my old review. The food arrived quickly and whatnot. It's a little pricy, but good. Try the hong kong pepper chicken. yum
The food here is really good, the presentation needs a little improvement... I would come back for the food though...
The food was slow coming out to add to that its wasn't very well prepared and on top of it all the wait staff was very rude and seemed as if they didn't know how to handle there selfs professionally.
Amazing store -  found a great fresh pasta selection and all found a cheese with black truffles. We bought 4 kinds of pasta - all fantasticad fresh !!!
Pretentious, over crowded, rude, bad... terrible.  No.  So many better options.
VIP means you have to Stand in line for 2 hours. I should know better, but dont trust a promoter, especially Shawn.
Went there last night and the staff was friendly and courteous only thing is that they did forget the nachos I ordered though.
Good service. Good burgers. Crap fries (Susie Q) and overpriced, non-refill pop. Good if you have a few drinks in you already, but otherwise I spent the time waiting for my food noting the dust and grime build-up. \n\nBathrooms are very clean!
Great food and service.  Thank you!
Good burgers and good prices.   The beer specials were pretty good too.
My friend Sarah is all about paying the cover charge and tipping. Well, she was denied entry unless she removed her hat. The door person told her, her hat was gang affiliated. Sarah should me her hat and there was nothing about it that resembled a gang sign. What a poor excuse for a predominantly male gay bar. Booo!
Food is great, specials are always a good deal and atmosphere is amazing.
solid food....very good service and kid friendly....a sure spot in the dells rotation.
I love Dr Kim! His staff is also amazing and do such a fantastic job. I've been going to Dr Kim for 4 yrs and I have referred at least 3-4 people. \nAnd they are open on saturday! Awesome!
This place is a relaxing environment and you feel it when you walk it. I had a reading done there and I loved it.
There is bad Mexican food and then there is this. We are nice people. Not sure why our waitress couldn't to us off and tell us to go somewhere else. If you gotta eat here though the  quesadilla is safe. Do not order the guacamole paste. The chips were made of sawdust.
When we first started coming here the food was great. The service was always just ok. Lately I feel like the food is going downhill and with just ok service we've stopped going.
If you find yourself eating here don't.  Walk across the street to krung Siam.  That being said it was clean.  papaya salad was the only thing worth mentioning.
Great food, terrible service.  Our waters were empty right when got the pizza, never refilled.  I called to order a pizza and was left on hold TEN minutes to place a take out order.  Hopefully they can get it together.  It takes great food and great service to make a successful restaurant.  Good luck.
Good Italian food for a chain.  Better than Macaroni Grille!  The lunch specials are great and the vodka pasta is awesome. A little spendy but HEY! It's Scottsdale.  You will see some nice eye candy and sweater meat at the bar.
They always have the best sushi n price in town. BUT they have the worst customer service ever. Waited for 20+ mins to get our order and refill. Added 18%tips for a party of 2 while THEY DO NOT DESERVE IT. Very disappointed...
I came here to finish a paper. I sat out on the terrace which was quite nice but the wifi connection was terrible. I dont know if it was from sitting outside or what. There is also a fire station next door which may bother some.\n\nI had a chai latte. It was mediocre.
Decently priced food and fast delivery, but I just... wasn't crazy about the taste. There are much better Chinese places that deliver, so i would opt for Grand China or something else.
If you want great seafood and incredible service, with cold yummy beers, this is your spot. Sam the bartender is amazing and the place will have you coming back for more!
Jerk Chicken Salad is awesome. Margaritas on the rocks with salt, delicious. Cool space, high ceilings, good for groups, great for happy hour. Time for siesta. :)
Blaah! This place used to be good but quality went down! Ramen was awful.. Service not even great!! Never comin back!!
Mmmhhhh... It was okay.  The orange chicken was good; everything else is better at Hunan VIII across the street.
Your typical Statbucks experience just a lil pricier cause it' the airport (:
Inexpensive pasta!
Overpriced, grossly oversized, greasy donuts that are tasteless a day on.Don't believe the hype. The brownies I got for having spent over $15 were good, however.
Great service... Very attentive. My wife and I interviewed numerous DJs before we met and immediately hired DJ Shai for our wedding. You can trust him to incorporate the musical and themes you want as well as keep the party going.
Amazing food, amazing prices, amazing service and amazing staff!!  I love sushi and am a sushi snob.  This place is fabulous in all areas.  Everyone needs to try it!
Why does this place have so many good reviews. The service was slow and not a lot of people were in there for a Saturday night and the burgers were pretty dry and plain. Nothing special at all.
Food is horrible. Nobody in my party enjoyed their sandwich. The floor was greasy. The menu was wet and sticky.
If you only eat one thing in your silly, stupid, little life, eat the bacon wrapped dates at this restaurant. Ridiculous.
I have been ordering food to pick up from this location, and they are always prompt and courteous.  Plus they get my order right every time.  Recently dined in at their Tempe location, and it was great as well.  So I think this restaurant chain is well managed.
Hired these guys to clean our windows for my business, they missed two appointments I had made with them. The first seemed like a misunderstanding but we had agreed upon them returning a month later, when the day came they were no were to be seen.
So dissatisfied we went to Denny's afterwards.  Sour cream and lime extra charge for your tacos?  Not going to eat here again.
Wow. This place feels very hip ;) Compared to the conservative drab feeling of Jim Gould they did an INCREDIBLE job of the remodel. You HAVE to try every single appetizer, they're all winners. Me=impressed.
This is my favorite tanning spot in Phoenix. Great prices and packages and a super friendly staff.  They gave me a discount on my package because I'm a regular.
I just waited in line for over an hour to check into the hotel. Over an hour!!! Unacceptable!!!!!!!!
Cool Sports Bar but the food was sub-par and Bland. Loved the Bloody Mary Bar but would not eat there again.
Burger GODS~  Flew in from Minnesota to have a burger, worth the flight!  Can't wait to come back!
Drive tru pharmacy sucks waited 30 mints. There's like 4 cars behind me. Never coming to this shit place. Employee are not friendly even tho there 3 employees service is very slow. Never coming bck to this place might as well go to eastern & windmill on top of that its 24hrs.
Pizza Hut never tastes the same. This location tasted unusually different. The best Pizza Hut is in anthem highlands. Next time I'm in the mood for pizza, I'll be going to them.
While on tour, a local was kind enough to take me here and I'd like to go back, if I get to come through Pittsburgh again. The bartender was really friendly, the beer was pretty good, and the pierogi were just what I needed that night.
This is a very typical TJ Maxx. The inventory is pretty well-maintained, although I wish the store was a little larger. It's definitely on the small side. Shoes and purses are my products of choice at this particular store. Pretty good in both of those areas.
I love Little Darlings!  I've spent several days in the club.  And I got a lot of action.  It's a dirty little place with $20 lapdances in the back, with no cameras!  For those of you with your heart set on drinking this isn't your club, but I go there to get pussy.
Amazing food, beautiful patio (inside is super noisy) and the scallops are divine - I would second guess an evening there because if the service.
Worst pho I have ever had!! Rubbery beef, crunchy noodles and tasteless broth.... Look else where for Pho!!!
I had the San Telmo pollo, potato cheddar, and chocolate brownie empanadas. They were good, but very small and a little expensive for what they are. Maybe next time I'll try the pizza.
I'm only giving this place 4 stars because their burgers are expensive, but I guess that's what you pay for quality burgers.  Their oxtail chilli cheese fries are to die for!  They have a great selection of fries too.  Very unique burger joint.
The waiter warned, \"The plate is hot.\" True. But the food was not. And who has ever heard of a Mexican restaurant without complimentary chips and salsa? Not worth the trip.
really good sushi, fast service with a smile. will be back!
Jim does a good job and haircut was only 30 bucks!
A two. Ok for me. Guy on sales trip, one night but my wife would be un happy. Kind of run down especially for Wyndham   Cleaner would be better. Check mold on tub. Really? Can't you afford bleach. This is Phoenix by the way.
Can't screw up the food as I got a basic hamburger. The service though sucks big time here.. If you go thru drive thru expect a 10 minute wait minimum. If it's busy it will be longer
The service was good and the food was good for pub style. We almost didn't go in because the lot was full, but there is plenty of space inside. They are still training and I'm sure they will get better as they ramp up to full service.
The apartments are very nice but the management rips you off!! It's not worth the money to be there.
It is a corporate cafeteria.  Decent salads and sandwiches.  A bit over priced.
If you are looking for fast, delicious, well priced pho - this is the place to go! No bells no whistles, just great food. I call ahead for pick up because lines can be lengthy during peak dinner hours. But fun to sit and stay in too!
One of the best massages I've had!! Ask for Keith... alot of the other women are a bit soft on the pressure. After the massage you sit up and look out at the Boulders.....so healing!! the spa itself is great too and not at all crowded.
This canal-side Mexican restaurant used to be a favorite of ours, but it seems to have gone downscale. The chips are no longer served with a tower of various salsas, and the food is now unremarkable.
Good Greek food, with several vegetarian options. While it was a little expensive, I did receive large portions. The atmosphere was nice and so was the service.
The BOMB wish they had one in San Diego.
Hello Yelp........place been closed for months and being torn down, I've heard for condos.
Best coffee and croissants in town and great service. My absolute fave coffee place, I just wish it was bigger. It's really small inside.
it's a gas station!\n\nfill er up, and the gas gets me from a to b. =) what else could i ask for?!?!
The website says they are open until 3:30 but they close at 3:00!
Always starts out by saying 'how long have you had the car? Needs some fixin' \nWhat a bunch of fucking liars. Avoid this place at all costs. I wish we could send an investigator to this place
Some of the worst sushi I have ever had. Super small portions.. Cafeteria like atmosphere and a bunch of unprofessional kids working here. Don't waste your time or money.
Tried this place for the first time. Ok menu would have been better with more options. Food was good with a lot of great flavor. Would dine there again but would get it as take out.
Was excited to try this place out and was bummed to leave disappointed. I had the spinach enchiladas and was happy until I hit the middle. They were cold and gummy which ruined the whole experience.\n\n\nFood was a bit blah and service was incredibly slow.
Another good Yelp find. Tired of the overpriced and blah food on the strip, we braved a car trip away from the lights. Yelp pointed us to this restaurant and it didn't disappoint! Spicy Catfish!!
An elderly cashier named Penny works here and she is the most bitter old woman I have ever met. She is a fugly slut. Do not trust her.
I've only been here once but the spring roll and drunken noodles were excellent.  They have hot oil and thai hot pepper flakes on the table to add yourself and the oil is delicious.  Prices are cheap, and the menu is filled with your standard Thai options.  I plan on working my way thru the menu
Requires you the purchase everything from drinks, and extra fees for people who aren't even smoking. Seriously? This place I do not recommend at all. Try a different hookah place.
Wanted to like this joint...yelp reviewers were positive...but sheesh, cannot\nrecommend anything.  Service was awful & taco corn tortillas were hard &\nbrittle.  Fillings were below par too.
As always - very inconsistent. \n\nHowever ...\n\nfriendly staff - and food is usually very good.\n\nNever busy.
I recently started using Lazy Dogs for my Alaskan malamute. Malamutes have lots of hair! Lazy dogs does a great job. My pup comes home beautiful and happy.
Pure Sushi was OK...but there are better places to get fish...
Their Bagels are the best in Las Vegas. REal water bagels. Food is also very good.
They told me they would pick me up at 11:15am from the Wynn. I was outside since 11am. No car at 11:30. I called twice and they said allow 15-20 min for traffic. Now it's 11:45 and still no car. Terrible, don't use
This place has the best pizza! It reminds me of real Italian pizza. Happy Hour specials are good also!
Had some drunken noodles for take out and even at a 3 spice level it had a good kick! Good stuff.
Music was decent. DJ silver kept talking! So annoying. We just wanted to dance & enjoy the music!
Drive thru 18 minutes!!!!  That was just for a drink!  Customer service was poor and to add to things the ice tea was old.  Threw it out.  Can't wait another 18 minutes for refund.  1st time I've been to this place.  Wouldn't go back.
I went in there just to see and walked out with 5 personalized fragrances!!! She really knows her blends!! Thank you for all your help and patients
Wow. Biggest waste of time in Vegas!!!! Bad food and NOBODY in there.....   Those other reviews have to have come from employees because this place is a joke. SO many other better choices. Trust me
Had a great time at Sing Sing a while ago with friends.  Friendly staff.  Will return.
The food was decent. $2 a taco. The other Yelp reviewa made this place sound 10x better than it was. Being from the LA area this is no Taco Llama or Titos.
This is one of my favorite lunch spots. Their specials are always delicious and I don't really have to think more than just asking for the special.  Reasonable prices and totally solid personal.  Repeat as necessary for your burrito needs.
This hotel sucks, basic room is sooo small, our small suite is backed up to the elevator shafts so there was no getting any sleep!! Pool sucks, slots were so tight i wont go into details!! Id rather stay at a hospital!!!
Word to the wise, the last two times I have been to this place, they have added the tip to the check. Now, I understand if there are 8 or more people in a party but there were 2 people once and 3 people the other time. That alone will prevent me from ever going back there.
Blue 32 never disappoints. We eat here at least 2x a month and have never had a bad experience. The food is yummy, the restaurant is clean and the service is great. I especially love the philly, buffalo chicken salad and the turkey club.
Teller was super efficient and pretty friendly.  That branch is usually good about getting the people in and out.  Very important when you are trying to live your life.  Cash dem checks baby!
We are thrilled with our first cleaning. Our house is sparkling. Thank you, J.N.S.!
Just went with a group of people tonight and the food was amazing.  Server could have had a little more personality. The atmosphere was awesome and they have some great wines!
Terrible customer service! Every time my wife and I try to go there, the seating host always greets other people before us even when we arrive first.\n\nI don't think I'll be going back.
Had a problem with all the power in my bathrooms.  Called in the morning and Brad came out in the afternoon.  Took him about 15 minutes to diagnose the problem, change out the bad breaker, and test everything to insure it worked.  Really easy and great service.  Would definitely recommend to others.
Great experience the staff is so sweet and welcoming I had to have laser cleaning and both times they were interested in making my teeth healthy and were very gentle in the process. I even brought my mom in and she made an appointment...best experience I've had at the dentist by far
Stopped here for lunch because it looked fairly new and it was convenient. This was the first time I actually threw my food in the garbage rather than wait in line again to complain. Won't be returning.
Thanks for the service, or lack thereof. Customer service sucked. Not one person offered to help, and yes, it was slow.
First Chinese place I've eaten at on this side of town. Their cheese wontons are to die for. I love their hot and sour soup and egg drop soup. Always delicious and they're always friendly.
Love love love them! Fun experience and they're super quick! Girls night out, wedding makeup, or fun photo shoots, give them a call when you're in Vegas!
I have had a salad here about 6 times in the past couple of months and it just seems like the lettuce and the some of the toppings are just not that fresh.  Just seems like it should be better...
Good for a beer but that is about it.
Tasteless and  expensive. $12 fruit plate tastes like plastic. And took 30min to prepare an omelette...
I used to rate them higher, but on Sundays they frequently run out of common varieties. Also they recently changed from butter to some butter - like spread. Prices are also a little high. Ice is not filtered, apparently,  and so the sodas taste like chlorine.  Disappointed.
It was a nice meal and well presented but nothing special when it came to taste. The Tom Yum was realllly sweet, lots of coconut milk. I dumped a pile of spice in it.  The pad Thai was OK.
I went on a Friday, just after opening, I was seated overlooking Michigan Ave. I ordered appetizers, all done to perfection! It started to fill for the lunch crowd & I can see why, get there early for good seating.
Any Goodwill... my go to place to find replacement (or addtl for the office) cell phone chargers.  Goodwills will have an electrical outlet strip avail where you can test if the charger works w/ your phone... so you don't even have to wonder.
Awesome show
Won't honor my expiring Groupon, though I called to schedule prior to it expiring, they can't fit me in with in the date.  So much for customer satisfaction.  Contacted Groupon and requested my money back.
I don't know if it's only me, but I felt like cleanness wasn't there specially on a brand new place, bathrooms  really stinky and dirty all the floors  full on crumbs and tables not clean enough, service and food  are ok.
Love love love Cielo! Super clean, staff is so friendly ! Penny does amazing hair!! & Chris is awesome @ waxing ! I live across town but well worth the drive! Wouldn't go any where else!!
Wings/chicken and ranch dressing good.  Pizza, not good. Sicilian Dry. Unacceptable. Do better.
If you're looking for middle eastern food in Tempe, this is a must. While the food can be slightly blander at times than some over-spiced alternatives the menu options are all delicious, the food has an authentic taste to it, and is packed with flavor.  Great venue and one of Tempe's cornerstones.
While the waitress was very sweet and friendly, itt was 30-40 minutes before the food arrived. There is also a random character at the counter starring at people, making things a little uncomfortable.
I love Muse  ..it slowly becoming my go to place for fun jewelry . I have bought several pairs and they are reasonably priced as well as being unique.  Wish I had the money to buy my Favorite Clothes,  Kensie , there. But a gal can dream ...
Went there for a lunch date with a friend, food was lacking is the flavor department and it was all cold. Then, while we were eating, the music started skipping like it was on a scratched CD... Wtf . The service was okay, nothing to write home about, probably won't be back.
Not use to no name beers
Under staffed terrible service. If you want a beer your forget it. The girls who man the counter can't serve. The ones who can are running the main counter cooking pizzas getting balls unstuck what ever.
Ask for JJ (Bartender)  tell him Brandon from PURE sent you!
The food is average, nothing spectacular.  Service was horrible, our waitress was too busy talking to her boyfriend to notice that we had been waiting for our check over 15 minutes, which, by the way, was brought by another waitress.  Probably won't go back.
Great place to have a good small portioned meal with a Lady.   Its fancy but casual.  Very inviting.  :)
Full flavor and Kambucha Ginger beer.  Son had the Garlic Crab Noodles and I had the Chicken Mole...flavor explosion.  Started with the Dried Fruit Guacamole...so good.
They need to figure out a better way of helping customers at the gun counter. Every time I go it is so busy people are for ever cutting in front of other people.
The dahi papdi chat was nice! I will surely go there again.
Total Wine is a decent place to go if you are just looking to grab a few quick beers or some wine. Think of it as the walmart of Liquor. That doesnt really mean it is cheaper though. I havent really shopped here in a while as i found a better more personable place.
Worst slice of pizza i've ever eaten. Burnt and undercooked. It was cold and extremely greasy. I couldn't even hold it in my hand because it was soggy. Toppings were raw!! Spend your $ elsewhere. Pizza here is s*#% to say the least!!
Went here for breakfast since I was staying at the Luxor and I didn't want to stop at Starbucks. Nothing really spectacular here, had the \"Healthy Choice\" which is scrambled eggs, veggies, with a side of fruit. Food was good and got me on my way. Staff was super friendly.
Super creepy crowd.  Just, straight, creepy.
This account will open again and I am so excited.  Its a link to old school Vegas and the new owners are great people that also have roots here in Vegas.  I cant wait to see how it turns out.
Been there 8 -10 times! Good quality sushi for all-you-can-eat but extremely rude waiters!
The tandoori chicken was overcooked and dry. The chicken tikka masala was a bit too salty. They serve garlic naan and give you free chai tea so that was nice.
i think this place is really overrated. the menu is extremely limited and small. it has to be the smallest menu of any fast food place. the food is fairly boring. their buger tastes very similar to a whopper but is much smaller. prices are a little high for what you get. just ok place.
I love popcorn however the flavors I tried (can't remember which) weren't all that tasty to me. Nice place, friendly lady helped me but ehhh. No one even offered me to try any of this frozen popcorn I keep reading about but oh well I probably won't be back anyway.
I dont know if it was good because we were starving, if it was a secret pizza, or if it was good so I'll say all three!
Awesome experience. Sean was a blast as an instructor. The facility is operating room clean and exceptionally well staffed.
PPSS is back with a shiny new shack! Same flavorful snowcones! Same friendly & efficient service! ..and now they have 2 snowcone machines going plus additional staff.  So dont let the long lines fool ya...average wait time for us (from 50 people deep) is about 17 minutes.
Always reliable for a great Burger, cold beer and friendly service. Chain food yet worth it. And Mondays kids under 12 (I think) eat free!
The sushi was good, but the service is really slow.  Good place for first date or a nice night out with the wife.
The food was descent but it was seriously overpriced and they didn't give us any refills on our sodas. Service was okay but it took a long time for the food come out.
We eat breakfast here all the time. Love the machaca burrito and the cinnamon chips. Any of the Mexican breakfast items are delicious. I am actually surprised at some of these reviews. Never had a bad experience here.
Too expensive! I paid $25 for 8 shrimp and a spoonful of rice.
We've eaten at Cafe Bink on three occasions over the past three months and have found consistently good food and service.  Friendly and attentive staff and well- presented and consistently good food.  Great patio with view of Black Mountain for warmer weather.\n\nOur favorite local lunch spot.
Rudys always comes through when you need a great BBQ fix. Everything is awesome but the Turkey leaves all other BBQ places in the coals.
Stop by to get a sundae as walk in there wasn't anyone there until we said hello then the employee came out, the place isn't clean, they use to be better and been here for awhile, but I guess things change. But it's okay if you just want to grab something to eat really quick and leave.
Not really useful to locals. If you're headed to the convention center or to SLS it may work for you. Not a world class transportation system. In the meantime, a waste of my tax dollars, unless they finally decide to get the damn thing to the airport like every major city that has decent rail system.
The menu is fun with creative and beautiful rolls. They were great about substitutes for my crab allergy. A little pricey, and I'd avoid them on Friday/Saturday night when there is a ~1.5 hour wait.
eh, overpriced and kind of dirty.  i guess if i lived on campus and didn't have a car i'd think it was pretty great though.
My brief review in haiku form:\n\nCheap PF Chang's fix.\nBetter than Panda Express\nYou can get beer here.\n\nThank you.
Great prices for AYCE sushi. My favorite was the salmon and yellowtail. The salmon tasted so buttery and delicious! I liked the baked scallop roll too.
Had fried tofu, fried pork, peanut butter dumplings and eggplant. The fried foods were dry and tough. Pretty much every dish here can be found in a much better version elsewhere in Montreal. Only try this if you're desperate for Chinese. (The pickings are admittedly slim in this neighbourhood.)
I  love thier hamburgers. Meaty, juicy, fries are ok, bettre off with a baked potato.\nOther dishes are good, prices are ok.  You can call ahead for a reservation. Do it, they get busy in the evening.  Usually no close parking, and no valet.
You can enjoy large varityof chinese food ( dim sum..) sushi and mongolian BBQ that can satify your big stomach. But one thing they really need to improve is the cleaness of the restroom. Hopefully when I come back next time the restroom wont be a mess
Food is about average for Mexican restaurants of the same caliber - Macayos,  Serranos, etc. The atmosphere is what sets this restaurant apart...patio dining with a lake view is fun for the kids or good for romantic evening.
I can't tell you how bad this place is, regretted not looking up on yelp for reviews before ordering for delivery.\n\nSeriously this place has the worst Chinese food I've had in my whole life!!!!!!!!!!
Phx Open on the 16th hole is always a good time
Great food - problem with check handled poorly by manager - very poor customer service' - seemed indifferent to whether our group was satisfied. Generally a bad experience.
Ok spot. Way too pricey considering many many many many other asian hybrid places do it better.
First time trying Wienerschnitzel. Nothing special to be honest. I've tasted better chili dogs, hot dogs, and burgers from a circus. I guess the best item I had is the chili cheese fries.
Quick, fresh, lots of salsa choices, and CLOSED\n\nGood little places to get away from the standard fast food.  Likes their salsa bar and services was usually quick.  Sorry to see that they are closed as of around 4/1.
This place is good but for the price you pay for a meal here - there are plenty of better restaurants.  Nothing really stood out to me when it comes to the food.  As Juan Pablo would say \"ess okayyyy\".
Very poor service. I wouldn't recommend this body shop to anyone. They broke my windshield and denied responsibility while there for service. They didn't fixed the car right the first time. I had to bring it back again. It took forever to get it fixed and they broke my windshield.
I wish I had looked this up on yelp!! It's fairly terrible.
Our server John was wonderful, but I did not enjoy the food at all! Very bland, greasy, and the salad bar did not look appealing. I did enjoy the gumbo, but I've had better seafood all around and this wasn't cutting it for me..
Over 100 people waiting to get in and charging a cover. No bar is worth that. I'll go somewhere else that has cheaper drinks and no waiting on mill ave.
Heather does an awesome job cutting my hair. All of her products are great to use. Her studio is very professional and her assistant Melissa is awesome!
Took our dogs there paid for a bath for both only one dog was even wet. \nOur other dog clearly was'nt given a bath and smelled.
Good beer it comes in a jar cute little touch, food was average didn't care for the side of mixed veggies wish I could have an opt. On sides
the guy who works over night, when we went to go pay our check, the card machine was down, and he made it inconvenient for us by telling us to go drive to our bank's ATM and pull out money and didn't even give us a discount for their own problem!
It's pretty ghetto and there are rarely enough cashiers.
Not as good as Wholeys but awesome patio and the best service. Go here for the atmosphere, the staff is the best.
Food sucks. There's not much else to say
Great happy hour specials. Tasty sushi. And Chelsea (bartender) was VERY pleasant and accommodating. :-)
Great first contact by phone, polite and informed. This was my \"second opinion\" call for a repair on a washer dryer. First estimate was double what  Appliance Works charged me. It was repaired the next day. Professional family owned small business.
I go to this gym 4-5 times a week. place is always clean and the owner is hands on. If a machine is broken or cable needs to be fixed it is always taken care of quickly.
Awesome food and a great show to go with it. You get the whole experience with the expert shefs, while enjoying the food. Came in for a conveniece, left with a complete satisfaction from great food and atmosphere. Fairly affordable price is also a huge plus.
One of the best food and service I have ever had! Definitely is a place to visit while in Las Vegas!
Garlic knots - AMAZING!  Pizza, just okay.  My mother's pizza on gluten free pizza dough was just horrible.
Atmosphere is nice but food is not so good especially at $20+ a plate. I ordered the 3 sliders at $21 and they were super dry and bland tasting. The description on the menu sounded great but it lacked sauce and taste.
Best breakfast place in C-U. Don't know why this joint isn't getting more love. Put that hollandaise sauce on my eggs....RIGHT NOW\n\nGreat coffee.
I like their Buffet, small but all the food very good except for the Salmon, which used to be good. Also sadly missed the Lamb Chops they used to put out.  Never a wait to eat at the buffet.  Fairly priced for the quality they have. All the Beer and  wine you can drink.
Totally cool because we ran to Muhammed Ali, Evander Hollyfield and Leon Spinks for Ali's 70tj birthday.
Service is normally great, but it goes down drastically with large groups. Baked rolls where cold, some rolls were sloppy & fell apart, I asked to pay my bill so I could leave & gave server a $100 who didn't return for 25 minute and I had to remind him to get my change.
Pizza was just ok and the live music was horrible and annoying. I will definitely skip this place next trip.
Best bone and rib eye ever!
They are pretty friendly but they rush you through your nails and today the man doing my fill left to go pick up his son in the middle of it! Literally left me half way through and I sat there for 15 minutes until I grabbed my keys to leave and the other lady said she would finish me.
Second time here and the food was on point with flavor, portion size,  and creativity! Owners are friendly,  a little wait but well worth it. If you are looking for an Asian flare on an American tradition this is the place to go. Peking duck is succulent as well. Love love, nom nom
Very good food.
Yelp has let me down....again. I don't understand the hype. Chicken chipotle sandwich made me puke less than 10 minutes after eating it. Gross....gross...gross. I won't trust yelp reviews any longer...
Best in AZ. Not authentic Philly cheese steak BUT is a really good steak and cheese...t just like you get anywhere in New England. If you want a real Philly CS..GO THERE! Great onion rings n fries too.
Atmosphere is very eclectic. I ordered the 3 egg omelet and was not a good value buy. Adding ingredients with the three is way too expensive. Overall the place is okay but I wouldn't come here again.
Awesome Hotel, Mediocre Casino.
Very old restaurant with a lot of history in the Tempe area. Went here for an early dinner and the food was just meh... Service was great - warranting at least 3 stars, but the quality of food and price do not match up.
Spotty service, plenty of patio space - and over 2 for 1 happy hour scam 2 glasses of beer was 13.08. Complete tourist trap. Should have known better.
Can't say anything about the food, as we were never served.  We never saw a server, even after sitting at our table for 15 minutes. Unacceptable.
all you can eat sushi- good deal.\nall you can drink - great deal.\nsit at the sushi bar and do both.\n\nnot melt in your mouth sushi, but good for the mouth....
This is a unique concept that is well executed.\n\nFull disclosure: I am a clothing rep and I visit vintage and reuse boutiques as part of my job.\n\nPreloved is mostly affordable and has taken their idea full swing. Definitely worth a visit.
like it as much as the buffet at bellagio
There is a beautiful patio with heated lamps. This is one of the few places that we were able to find that is open late. If you are in the Waterloo area looking for food past 10 pm, check this place out. \n\nThe food was tasty, not necessarily gourmet, but good bar food.
Decent Chinese food in Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is cool, the service is good and the food is just decent.  The place is packed though, so people keep coming back.
Dr.Wong is great and Rhonda has all the answers I love this place. It's right off 215 on rainbow. Fast appointments and short waits. I think the staff is lovey also. A lot of frames to choose from.
Always great tacos and XX amber.
Loved it! It was challenging but fun. You can tell your getting a good workout but it goes by so fast you don't have time to realize how hard your working. Can't wait to go back. Joined after my first class :)
Joann is fantastic to work with. She is really one of a kind and has great knowledge of men, women and dating. She is honest, caring and above all has integrity. I would highly recommend her to any of my friends.
This Valentines Day I ordered a pizza for my boyfriend and asked that they make a heart on it out of green peppers. The pizza was great, the heart was perfect, and he loved it!
The guy wiped his nose, didn't wash his hands, went ahead to make my food with his filthy hands. Freaking sick. Freaking sick. Freaking sick.
Disappointed given the previous reviews. Had the Korean beef, which was tough and terribly salty. Ate in the bar, which was admittedly busy, but the service was terrible (maybe cause I'm female?). The tv's are even small & hard to see, for a supposed sports bar!
I recently stayed here for a company event and they have definitely taken their eye off the ball.  For example. My room wasn't cleaned for 3 of the 5 days that I was there.
we LOVE this place :)\nThe pita bread with accompaniments is excellent!\nThe portions are easily shared.\nThe ambiance is elegant without being stuffy!\nGreat value - LOVE this place :)
We love this place, been there 2 times in the last 4 months!\n\nGreat food, pasta, salad, delicious meet (beef, turkey, chicken, lamb), great sides, sushi bar, shrimp and crabs... Huge dessert selection!
The price was great at first glance but then they added a Resort Fee for such basics as Internet usage, gym usage, boarding pass printing, etc. On top of that, we later learned that some people get away with not paying this fee because they complain enough. What kind of ridiculous policy is this? I will never be back here again.
Had the Carne Asada Chilaquiles for late breakfast. Was delicious and filling! The restaurant was full so I sat on the bar and the hostess was nice and fast. Prices were ok!
I love this place. Food is great. Not a fancy restaurant. But the food they serve is awesome...
I LOVE their bread and aioli sauce!! I've had many food items from their menu..and I still can't decide which one I love best.
This bridal boutique was great!!! Our bridal consultant Jessica  was so sweet and helpful.  Their dress selection was amazing and the prices were reasonable. I highly recommend finding your dream dress here.
Great chk & ribs combo. Chk was a lil dry but still taste good.
Love the wranglers.
This is as good Hawaiian food as I remember having in Hawaii. The portions are huge and filing. I always get the kalbi and chicken katsu. Don't expect the woman behind the counter to smile though.
Good food but pretty terrible service. It took 15 minutes for the 1st course then another 40 minutes for the 1st entree to come out. Overall not a good experience, they didn't even ask how the meal was.
One of my favorite breakfast spots. My favorite waitress is Shirley...she's full of life, very friendly, happy and a great waitress. \nI'm a regular here :)
Food 4 out of 5
The food is pretty good. I got the greek salad with grilled chicken, which is $10.50. Its just too expensive for fast food.
Fantastic lunch buffett, pizza,  but also great if you just want a great bowl of home made soup and salad!
The guy at the drive through line treated me like I was stupid because I missed the order thing. On top of that the coffee is mediocre. Thanks for ruining my morning coffee and insulting me at the same time
Am I allowed to just keep this short and go against my regular Yelp reviews??\n\nDon't come here.... go down West on Flamingo and get some GOOD Vietnamese food (especially where you know what you are being served)... sorry Treasure Island.
Excellent new Indian Restaurant!  Great vegetarian food and delicious lamb. This restaurant is a welcome addition to Monona. They also have lunch buffets every day. We will definitely be back soon!
I have been to Steinberg Diagnostic medical imaging centers it was, if anything medical is possible, pleasant.
This is good, unhealthy late-night food in Downtown Scottsdale.  If you want to pig out after a night of drinking, come here.  You'll be satisfied, though you might not feel awesome the next morning.
Very cute locale and pleasant waitresses.   Food was mediocre.
I really need a new Wal Mart.  I've been standing in the customer service line for 20 minutes behind the same people just to exchange cans of soup.
Been coming here since 2008. This place never disappoints. Great healthy choices everyday all day. Check out my Daybreaker egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms in the pic :) Delicious!
This food in good Chinese-American food, not to be confused with authentic Chinese cuisine.\n-My General Tso Chicken is always consistently good.
Great market downtown (uptown) .  Lots of different little shops are with in the market.  During my visit it look like that have some great butcher meats.   The only things i got while i was there was salt from \"salts of the earth\" and coffee at NOT JUST COFFEE.
Currently on the plane from Las Vegas to SFO we been sitting on the plane for 2hours and still waiting I will never again fly with United . They need to check all these plane problems way before people board no water or any kind of customer service .
worst. nachos. ever.  Service was not great, and the place only had a few people there. Only 3 people were in our party and the server charged us gratuity and tried to sneak it in by just giving us the total for the bill. Not impressed
NIce place. Food is good and affordable, yet it's nice enough to have a semi-fancy night out at too.
Love the food - great kebabs! Especially lamb. Raspberry chicken dish - delicious. Service is excellent. Owner is devoted to the quality of food and enjoyment of customers. He is often there to greet customers! Great atmosphere - great music. Great hummus! Oh - and try the dumplings! yum yum!
Came here for my 5-year anniversary, and as always, they never disappoint. \n\nJust thinking about their mussels and braised beef short ribs makes my mouth water! \n\nPinot brasserie is a must if you are in Vegas.
Very cute little setup here. Nice simple selection. Great flavors. Nice when you hiked a couple miles on state street to take a break! Great prices !! Nice boxes for gifting or taking to work !
I get my car washed here and really like the service and especially the professionalism of assistant manager Michael Jorgensen.  He is polite, articulate and has the energy and drive to move forward in his life.  I always enjoy our brief chats!
Friendliest & nicest staff & the best tai food in town. Barbecue  chicken combo is my favorite along w/their Hibiscus lemonade! \nHighly recommend!!!
Ive bought almost all my guns from Pistol Parlour. The lady ( Marilyn I think) is very helpfull and the guys at the counter seem to love their jobs. Love the new place. Best gun shop I've been to!!!!  Purchace from them. You won't be sorry!!!
love love moto fresh fish cool atmosphere must try this hip mod place.  The noodles are out of this world and the sushi is the best in this part of town. Be prepared for a long wait this place is popular.
We have been regulars at Chop since it opened. There have been a few changes recently, but Christine behind the bar was delightful and one of the main reasons we continue to visit. The GM seems to be rather unfriendly and a bit chaotic. We hope they figure it out.
Slow service. I want my drink now. Guy behind won't cut down on his smoking but I guess I can't complain because it's Vegas. \n\n39 minutes later. Still no drink.
Just a normal starbucks. I don't like this one as much as the one on rural because it's a lot smaller. Not a great place to study when you are inches away from the line of customers.
Horrible customer service.\n\nOver changed me on my rental. Rented me a scratched, dinged, cracked car and then charge me 50% over the negotiated rate.\n\nIn store customer service was just as bad as the \"800\" service I forced the in store employee to call.
Alright. I feel that my first review was a bit unfair. I went back last weekend for a coffee and a donut.. and I must say, the donut was pretty good. I think the first time I went I was a bad donut picker. \n\nI plan on returning!
Came here for the very first time in June with my family. Very decent asian food if your looking for some wonton noodle soup, chow fun, porridge, very tasty roasted pork. will definitely come back when visiting Vegas!
This place is always busy. Its clean and modern. Sushi is okay. It's close to home.
Eh, they market themselves as \"soul food bbq\", and I have to disagree. The food wasn't nasty, but it was not great. It was just OK. I won't be going back here, and I won't be suggesting it to friends.
Perfect for the locals to avoid the hectic crowd and pricing of other theaters at the casinos.  No need to park at  a casino and pass through it to find the theater.
come to hh.
I got the Steak taco and the shredded pork taco.   My hubby got an horchata he says the drink was a 3 1/2 out of 5. I still ranked this place a 5 because my tacos were great!!  I will warn you they are petite tacos but they are packed with flavor.
Very pushy! I went with my mother who is fighting cancer , I was shocked at how pushy they were with her. They are taking advantage of cancer patients.
The margherita pizza was beyond yum. Add that to the delicious salad + bread topped off with cappuccinos to round out the meal = the best downtown find I've came across yet.\nDefinitely going back!
Really amazing traditional Filipino food. I give it 4 stars for being a hidden gem with dynamic range of taste and family friendliness. Coming back!  Apparently there is live music Friday nights and Sunday afternoons.
If you want a great, gourmet cupcake go to the Cake Artists Studio on Bloomington Road. They are cheaper and she's an accomplished pastry chef. The cupcakes at Cakes are overpriced and not special at all.
The food here is just average. I expected more and was pretty disappointed with the quality of the food. It was also very dark, loud, and the service was really slow.
Somehow the Westin concierge got a 7:30p, Saturday reservation for four of us. We are visiting from Illinois and attending the Jazz Fest.\nFoods and services were great, the best in the week in Montreal.  I recommend the short ribs and lobster salad.
Meh. Don't get the hype.  No different than the water and ice places on every street corner.  Service was cold, too.
Great hotel. The band The Limit that plays there nightly is awesome. All request band and they do an excellent job. Check it out.
I agree with Emina. Small sloppy portion for $10. Add protein ( chicken, etc... ) your up to almost $15.  I don't mind spending the $ when it is worth it.  I've spent $10 alone on a smoothie in the past from another establishment.   Overall poor value.
Had 9:00 PM reservation...finally was seated at 10:30 PM. Food was mediocre at best. Dinner for 2... $500.00. Not worth the money. The view of the fountains was the only thing favorably memorable about this resturant.
Not as good as sushi 101 in tempe, or sakana sushi. Very pricey. Menu mixture is a bit odd for a japanese restaurant. Service was really slow. Didn't get checked up on often. Probably won't be back.
Not a big fan.  A bit over hyped for me. Food is OK, but nothing special.
Most good Vegas hotels have very decent poolside cafe food. Misters help provide some relief from the heat. Salads are delicious with good portions. Other hangover food also good portions (hot dog, BLT, etc).
Aren't they all the same?  Good service, knowledgeable Mac staff waiting around to help, gadgets on display to pick up and try out, the Genius Bar available for you to get problems solved, friendly atmosphere.  I like Apple Stores. Just wish I had the money to buy more stuff there!
Crossfit 400 is awesome! The coaches are inspiring and kick your butt!  Great hours! Love my crossfit 400 family!
Professional, friendly staff for sure. Took in my Trek with a chain adjustment. Quick repair, great experience.
Amina has moved over to Snapdragon, so that's the spot.  Losing a star because a star left....
i finally became a bev mo member because i bought some alcohol there and to get the sales prices, i had to be a member. \n\nthe store was clean and neat and they helped me find what i was looking for.
Place was packed on a Tuesday night so I had high expectations Was not let down The Hawaiian ribeye was cooked to medium rare perfection and I'm a stickler for cooking beef to order. Enough said really
They know they were wrong for moving in next to Subway. \nI went over there because i glimpsed the subway sign & decided to go to Jason's instead. I can't be the only person to do this.\n\nService was great & I enjoy the foursquare special. Good stuff.
One of the best Hotels in Vegas w/many conveniences.
Love this place. Best staff. Best subs. Speedy service. 5 stars every visit. We eat here once a week. Something for everyone
Huge portions, quick service, pretty good food, grumpy waitress!\n\nThe muffin we took to go and ate it on our way back to California, and it was delicious, warm or cold, quality is quality!
This place is amazing ! It's a little off the grid as far as location but totally worth it ! I've had their Greek flatbread and the steak & berry flatbread. Both were delicious ! It is a little small and gets pretty busy around lunch time - just get there a little early.
Had the fried duck curry this time. It was super delicious, worth every penny. This dish can definitely be shared between 2 people.
We have been going here for some time now and have no complaints. The owner and her staff are unbelievably helpful and concerned for the pets. They know Romeo and Juliette and how they want to be cut. I highly recommend this as your go to local pet booming solution.
Service was excellent by Jessica & Emily in the bar! Very disappointed that they don't offer anything for our Veteran's, being that it is Memorial Day weekend.. Take care of our Veteran's and I'll give  but only one star for now!!!
Awesome breadsticks!!! The pizza was decent, tangy sauce which is a bit odd and different but delicious. Owners are extremely friendly
This place is always packed every time we pass by so we decided to try it for dinner tonight. It was some of the best Mexican food we have ever had, even the rice tasted good. The place was clean and the customer service was great. The food came out  extremely hot, fresh out of the oven. We will definitely go back soon!
Better place for sure for customer service
Excellent!  We had the french toast and a ham/swiss/fried egg crepe which were very good.  The best part for us was that the staff provided a box of toys for our two kids to play with.  Very attentive staff and great food.
Yummy food.  Nice staff.  Tasted healthful and delicious.  Great combination!
I have never had better service anywhere in my life, as it should be when you are paying that much for a nice dinner out. The food was amazing. I highly recommend the prime rib, medium rare. The white cosmo is also worth trying.
I enjoy my walks here at this park however they do not allow dogs. They have paved roads and pathways for you to jog and walk on. Several streams can also be found here.\nThe park also has a playground for kids. Construction currently going on for the maintenance of the park.
Solid location; makes you feel displaced from the suburb surrounding area.  Coffee isn't making me twitchy yet, but it's only the first cup...
Love it, love it, love it. Food is great can't stop ordering take out. This is not a Texas restaurant but as close as Arizona can get too one. Can't wait to go again.
The place was packed and with good reason: just had the best pizza ever! Love the variety of people that come here, it's a colorful mix of shorts and flip flops & Sunday best.
I feel ashamed even giving this place one star. Worst service I have ever experienced. Definitely will never be returning. Majorly disappointed. *thumbs down*
Everything I've had has been amazing! Especially fond of the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. It's literally a cinnamon roll sliced and fried like French toast. Omg. Steak and eggs was real good too. Can be a greasy spoon depending on what you get
Even though it was my first time there, Lauren (the bartender) treated me as if I was a regular. The music was right, a great selection of spirits, and just a vibe that says, \"Let's hang out here for hours.\"
I got the Truffle Grilled Cheese and it was amazing. Every time I go there, everything is delicious. This is the one place that I know will always be amazing. I've tried the crab cakes, lamb burger and mac and cheese as well and they were delicious as well!
Came on a Sunday which was hip hop. Crappy dj, rude crowd, tiny dance floor. Girls get free drinks but make sure you don't share with your guy friends because they will get kicked out.
I like this place. I had a really great bowl of Borscht here. I also think the sandwiches I tried we quite good. The turkey ruben and a special turkey salad sandwich were great. There are a few rough edges but I don't think the prices are out of line for well crafted deli fare.
Average sushi but lots of fun.  I love just taking things off the conveyer belt.  Alcohol is also a bit pricey.
Nice theater with reclining seats, also since this theater is not even a year old it's not prone to crowds.  While I like this  not being crowed and having my pick of the best seats; I do want them to stay in business so go check them out especially since the first films of the day are always $5.
Absolute GARBAGE! The service sucks, the food wouldn't interest you dog, and the place is a mess. I won't be back
It's always a handy option when you're not up to cooking for the tribe. Their customer service is fast and polite. The product is what it is, not the best but better than a stick in the eye when your in a pinch.
On the first visit, the staff was friendly, the place was packed, and my wife tells me the lasagna was well worth the $19, which only took 15 minutes
Let me start by saying the course is in great condition, great layout, and overall a really fun track to play. What takes away from the course is the complete lack of customer service inside the pro shop. Can't even call it customer service. Just a couple of real miserable guys with the personalities of door knobs.
I've been to China with the Navy and trust me, this food is legit. Tastes great, excellent price, and great customer service!
This buffet tops them all. Forget about the traditional, boring old buffets. Wicked Spoon has bomb ass, gourmet food with a sweet & modern presentation.  I was real impressed with their selection, and enjoyed dining here with the girls post-pool party.
This place is so impressive.  All of the desserts look like a work of art, and they taste fantastic.  Lots of interesting flavor combinations with the cupcakes and macarons.  The coffee is REALLY good, and the service is great, too.  I recommend them for any occasion!
Place was very plainly decorated. No receptionist. I sat for 30 minutes with no service and was only spoke to once. I ended up walking away without my brows done.
Love this place, however, they don't prepare food the way the other Oreganos do.  Easy enough to fix, I suppose.\n\nMy only real complaint about Oreganos is that the music is so loud, you have to shout to be heard across the table.
Do not shop here!!  I had a terrible experience!  The shop is dark and dingy and the staff is disorganized and very, very rude!!  The owner was supposed to contact me by phone which she never did!!  I will never step foot into this store again!!  Ladies, do not waste your time by even considering this store.
good drinks, nice atmosphere, sometimes crazy packed but all in all i dig it!!
This is traditional Greek food for reasonable prices, the lunch specials are a steal and huge portions.  I LOVE the fried zucchini actually the garlic spread that comes with it is superb.  The service the first time I was there was ok, the second time excellent.  I find myself craving Athena frequently.
all average fried food. I don't think its much to write home to mom about.
Never again, I don't like food poising so I'm going to tell you to pass on this place. Calamari RUINED me for at least a couple of weeks.
Gorgeous Hotel on the Vegas Strip!
Had veal romano, it was excellent, some of the best veal I have had in a restaurant in years.  The pasta was also very good, I chose the Gorgonzola sauce, also very good.   The waitress was very friendly and the cost was reasonable.
Thought the gyros were damn delicious, and pretty cheap too. Nothing ground breaking, but definitely flavorful. If I still worked over there, it'd definitely be a top lunch spot for me. Nice to find some non-chain places for lunch break.
Food was average and service was sort of lacking.
Steaks were really good, theres so much stuff too look at, and the views at night are spectacular!
Meh! A bit overpriced the help is kind of snooty. The food is only ok I probably won't go back
Always good quality. They keep their wait staff and it is professional. Options are wonderful I have no problem taking non sushi eaters. Take out is well policed ensuring the right order.
It wasn't all that great....food didn't taste like it had flavor and maybe it's because it was late but my friends chicken taco didn't even taste like chicken. Like I don't even wanna give it a 1 star
I thought the sushi and BBQ were both good, but the sushi rolls could have been a little bigger. The price was great for the food we got. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for good cheap sushi. Also not a bad date spot.
RWB is a good quality restaurant, regular menu items are always good and the garlic rolls are on point! \n\nHas been a little inconsistent especially when they are extremely busy. But still better than any chain restaurant. The pizza is very good. \n\nOur favorite regular item is the flat iron steak .
The clothes come back nice...but it's dry cleaning..My bill has almost tripled since I started taking my clothes to organic.  Why does it have to be so expensive?  Saving the Earth is a rich man's game.
Worst burger place ever. Felt like I was eating school cafeteria food at best. What kind of restaurant turns their shake machine off at 6 pm? Food was cold except for the zucchini which was also subpar. I would never eat at this sh**hole again. Yuck!!!
Overpriced!! Stay away.  Got charged $350 and they pushed a button to reset my tripped switch.  Saw this on 2 FIXIt and thought it would be a good company but read these reviews and STAY AWAY!  It's all about money and getting all they can once they get into your home.
Convenient location inside Southpark Mall. Nice for a little pick me up while shopping. There isn't much, if any, seating. Friendly baristas and fast service.
I ordered the Machaca con Huevos; Superb! However, the service was super slow though. Because the food is so good and authentic, I give them a pass.
Loved this place! Best veg burger ever.  Really nice servers, super clean , great interior, good music, and Mexican fountain coke! Every detail was well thought out. I'll be back often.
This place sucks, trust me just go to some other place if u want sushi. It ain't worth it.
We were 50/50 on this one. I hated my meal the salami scrambled, but Christina enjoyed her St Louis special.  If I went back would stick w/ the waffle. Very small place cant say I would wait an hour to eat here.
You get a lot of food - for a very good price.  Meal starts of with giant steaming mini cornbreads.  Order an entree and get choice of two sides (mac and cheese, potatoes, fries etc).  \n\nFried chicken was great.  Sides were somewhat disappointing.  Cornbread was amazing!
Wings are excellent! Tried fish and steak too, steak was ok but not the greatest! This location needs to work on service! Too long of wait for attention from wait staff!
Amazing BBQ went for the first time today and can't wait to go back!! Briscuit was like prime rib it was that falling apart good! Macaroni and Cheese was yummy and the sweet tea was perfect! Small place but amazing food
Friendly staff\nCrunchy munchy wrap was yummy\nSweet potato wedges with sriracha mayo was pretty good.\n\nWill be back.
Katie our server was great, she blabbed on about smoking meat and sausages but was very attentive and pleasant. The riiibs were great and came out very quick, everything was good grub and grog
Purchased botox coupon on social media site and not at all satisfied - even returned for touch up with no results...makes you wonder and question if syringe was saline or botox.  I would not recommend or return for services.
Stop in for a tasting if you're close by! My wife and I tried almost everything the had and then dropped $120. This place is awesome and the Olive Oils are amazing!
In response to my review the owner contacted me, thanked me for my honesty and has changed the method of preparation for the chicken and now serves plump juicy chicken in salads and sandwiches.\n\nHow Cool is that! I hope to try Timo again.\n\n 4-5 stars might be pending.
Great sandwiches, soups and pasta!  Fast service for a quick lunch!  The facility is very clean and the employees are very polite, that combined with great food and you have success!
Food took forever, tacos were dried, beans were thick and chalky., chips and salsa tastes awful.  Will not go here  again.
This by far is the most over rated green chile Ive ever has the displeasure of waiting an hour for! There are FAR better places in the valley that serve better green chile.. the tortillas however were awesome enough to go back for though with the lines of people I wouldn't even bother.
Fuck this place I order some food from here and it was so GROSS this wack bitch on the phone goin to tell me that's how they eat there food (gross) lmao!!! I have a feeln they been told there food was BAD!!! Before don't ever eat or order here
This is a model Chick Fil A.  You could power a small neighborhood with the wattage of the smiles among the staff.  Always clean, always fast, always accurate in order fulfillment.  Just a very well run unit.
Really skimp you on portion size. Customer service was below average and employees don't seem thrilled to be there. Fajitas were burned and steak was well done. Overall, pretty horrible chipotle location.
This place has the best food that I have tasted in a long time. I love spices and the combinations are the best from 1-10 let's me decide depending on my taste buds. My fav on the menu is the Andhra Curry with shrimp. Every time I visit Vegas...this is one of my stops before returning home.
We love their food but hate there soda service. No fountain drinks here. Just glass bottles or cans. So there for no free refills. There best dish is the King Tacos w/steak . They are always busy. I would have giving them 5 stars but the soda thing is a star buster for us.
The BLT Burger was okay.  I just came back from Las Vegas last night. On Friday, I was looking for the restaurant and it was hard to locate at first. There were nobody standing in line so I decided to try it out. I saw several reviews and they say it was the bomb. It was okay.
I will say, without reservation, that this is the most friendly staff I have ever encountered in a dry cleaning establishment.  Everyone has always greeted me with a smile.  Price is very fair and I have yet to have an issue even though I have been going for about five years.
First off all, this is not really an eat-in place. Know that your going for the food not the atmosphere.\n\nThey're serve easily the best pad thai in KW, they're portions are big and they're fast and inexpensive.
my favorite market
I recently stopped here for lunch with co-workers and the team loved the burgers. In particular, fresh ingredients and the buns were mentioned frequently.  We have other co-workers who give BB rave reviews as well.
Can't get better than this\n\n-Liver and Onion\n-Fried Chickin' with Gravy and Sweet Jam
fun little course. great practice spot. cheap too. if you dont mind the noise from the planes, you will enjoy it here
The mimosas here are amazing! The service was top notch. The food is slightly lacking. I had the avacado/ bacon omelet - omelet = good potatoes on the side= bad. Fruit was pre-esembled and refrigerated too long so it was exceptionally cold and flavorless because of it.
Fun place with lots to do: train ride, mine tour, etc.  The prices are a little high for the experience.  Best part: Mystery Shack. A total must visit!
everything is still good.  Service is still wonderful.  If you're coming on Sunday morning, there's often a wait. (It's worth waiting).
Amazing cus service!  Yumma wine.  A very talented chef.  You can tell a copious amount of love goes into his cheese trays!   JUST SAYING!
Nope not good atall was very disappointed. salsa was weird tasting, tacos were bland, and the rice tasted like ricearoni not sure where the authentic Mexican food angle came from but it couldn't be further from the truth. Not never coming back. If you have trouble finding it take it as a sign to go somewhere else.
Ate at this place for lunch a few days ago.  I had a burger and was impressed by the quality of meat and how fresh it tasted.  The decor isn't the greatest, but the value is good, and the portions are ample.  The service was also decent - overall, I enjoyed it and will return in the future.
Wow!  Best gyros I have ever had, I think.  The fries were also awesome..perfectly crispy, and freshly made.  Employees very friendly.  Prices were decent.  I would definitely go back, and would recommend it.  Everything was perfect about our meal!
SLOW service and not worth the long wait. The chicken is average and very salty. Culinary Dropout's fried chicken is better. Infact, KFC chicken is better than this joint.
-- ONE YEAR UPDATE --\n\nStill consistently good. Love this place. There is always a groupon available. Definitely a good deal. Me and the wife always get 2 meals out of one dinner here. MUST EAT!!
Misty and Caren are amazing! If you want your hair cut and colored go see these ladies. You will love the results.
great customer service from von !!!!!!!!! when i picked up tickets for penn and tellrr
Good food. Nice atmosphere and good for a date night. Ordered the pepperoni pizza and it was tasty with lovely cheese and herbs on it. My gf ordered a cheese fondue and she liked it. Not too pricey for the up class atmosphere right next to camous
Went out to eat for breakfast with a friend yesterday. Ordered the Santa Fe sautee's. The blend of chicken and veggies was perfectly spiced!! Liked the green tea I ordered as well. It was my first time and I will definitely be back for more!!
I eat here at least once a month. The staff is really friendly and their food is always good.
This place was great.  The service was wonderful. \nWe had the ahi tuna tacos and the tuna was so unbelievably fresh. \nWe also had the goat cheese pesto flatbread which was awesome. \nLoved it!
Parking free, drinks are doubles, free w/guestlist.  Spanish dancing all night in a classy location!
I work with Vitaly every time. He knows foreign cars inside out. I have a factory Honda and was pleased to find out that he can help with repairs of any type, not just performance mods. My entire family has been using Pitstop for over 5 years and he'll be our mechanic for life!
Eat at the bar or the patio. Great place for brunch/lunch, the spicy bloody mary's and mac n cheese with broccoli or the shrimp and chicken pad thai are a delicious morning-after snacks.
This is a great restaurant. I was delighted with my dining experience the first time I tried Villa Peru. I have been back several times for consistantly delicious cuisine. Try it!
I have been here twice, both times has been a Wednesday night for karaoke. Beer and wine are cheap. The entertainments free. The food I've had, fried stuff, has been mediocre. But for karaoke and cheap booze it's great!
Cherry blossom will not disappoint .. Waiters are attentive - sushi was amazing - sea bass is the best ... Hands down don't miss this place - awesome food - price is right ... Upstairs in Ballantyne  village - great food  two thumbs way up
This place is nothing to write about! It was a 1980's flashback. The food was not very good and neither was the service!
The best donuts around!  Nice people, I love to stop in to see them, and their donuts are soooo good.  What a treat!
Never again!This place is horrible!Dirty,outdated,the rooms are horrible,homeless people hang out by the pool deck asking for drinks!I actually think is very expensive for what i got.
Great place... Cute... Service was very good! Brought my 87 year old Asian mother she ordered the chicken lo mein... Loved it. I had the lettuce wraps... Great flavor. We will be back!
Same menu as the room service menu. It's alright for a menu that's open really late or should I say early... Because it's 4:30am. Good place to grub when you're staying here.
Very friendly staff.  Do a sub Mikes way and you will be back in Jersey!  Generally fast and much more filling and better value than that other sub chain.
Pricey and a bland menu.  I had their mango salad and it was very, very bad.
I really like this place. It's small and a bit cramped, but you get a very good meal at a reasonable price and it's BYOB.
Always a good place, could use more bar tenders on the patio!!!! What's up with that?!?
This is the first place in Pittsburgh that has gotten my hair right. They were courteous, up front about their pricing structure, the location extremely convenient. The elevator up is a little sketchy, but the inside the salon is lovely. I am scheduling my second appointment right now!
The wonton soup and general chicken are pretty tasty
Best outdoor shopping in Vegas!
I wanted to love this place. . . and everything I had tasted awesome! A solid four stars if my boyfriend hadn't gotten food poisoning from this place. $60 meal turned into a $600 hospital visit. . . enough said.
This is definitely one of my favorite coffee houses in Phoenix. Incredible coffee and fresh baked pastries. Did I mention they have espresso whipped cream? Yum.
Nothing special....\n\nVery frugal on the meat in the Ramen
Just ok overall.  The hush puppies were OUTSTANDING.  Best I've ever had.  The fish, fries and zucchini lacked seasoning and were a bland - although I used some hot sauce to fix it.
I don't give a lot of restaurants ratings this low. However, this place sucks and is over-priced.
I highly recommend Millie!  She's the best massage therapist and really knows her craft!  She knows how to work the body and totally understands energy.  Millie has helped me a lot with all my aches and pains and will definitely recommend her.
They have changed the bread on their chicken sandwich, it's no longer a bun but regular sandwich bread like you would get at home.  Very disappointing. But their fries rock!!
Great corner suite room for great price but it's far from everything except the shopping center across the street. Room service was not good served Hawaiian rolls from Von's.  One of the TVs didn't work and the front desk couldn't figure it out. Would I stay here again, no.
Bring back the punch cards the text coupons suck. The female employees are very rude and the waiting is horrendous
Dana pulled the dress I wanted to try on yesterday, I visited her today, she was wonderful, very sweet, great smile! Busy place!!!
Diner type food, smoothe Technicolor interior. Excellent lounge in the back.
Fajitas are expensive and just OK.  The dinners are very good and HUGE.
Definitely one of the best pizzas in Las Vegas. Due to the business ups and downs staffing could be an issue sometimes, but the wait is totally worth it !
A little pricey, but good tea.
Wow!  Great stuff!  Everything you need for art AND great people.\nThe staff is helpful, knowedgeable and friendly.\n\nThey have this retro color TV...  It looks like just one from when I was a kid!
Honestly I walked in and walked right out. The place looked incredibly filthy. There were stains on the floor and tables weren't wiped clean. I'm not a picky person but there are plenty of other places around town that are more inviting.
Ok this place looks a little scary not in the best neighborhood but let me tell you there chicken fingers are amazing and then get a regular hut so good n cheap.
My car looks brand new. They accidentally cracked my rear view mirror and called me to let me know that they had a brand new one waiting for me. They were all very nice and professional. I would bring my car here again. It looks amazing.
Excellent service, atmosphere and food! The braised short rib and chocolate doughnut holes are amazing!
Groupon $5 movie tickets! Great deal. Just wish they had more times, chairs get booked quick
Sweet and simple.\nThe food is decent and it provides for a nicer environment than some other places you might go to.\nBut ultimately, for the price we paid and the quality of the food we got, there are better options.\n\nEntrees were around $15
Nice little shop. They are pretty clean and organized, but my fella did have a little trouble when he purchased a game and realized they gave him the old version only after getting home already. We went back and exchanged it for the correct version with no hassle.
i make better sandwiches
This place is great! Outstanding burgers that I crave relentlessly, if you are in the area definitely stop by. Not only is it a great deal but it is incredibly affordable. Go check it out today!
Limited Menu, Fun staff and great vibe. Ohhhh... the food? Really good and I dare you to get a level five spice meal!
Not bad. That's about all I can say.
Really Fresh ingredients. I went with the Duckling which had a very unique but pleasantly great taste. I will absolutely go back.
The food was great, but the service was absolutely terrible. I think it took nearly 90 minutes for dinner for 2 people. It's a great choice when Lotus of Siam has a long wait, but be prepared for spotty service.
Papa George has gone out of business and is CLOSED.
I didn't stay at the hotel, only went to the buffet.\n\nAll I can say is, It's bad when the best part of the buffet is the beverage.
Trendy restaurant! The food is up to par and so is the service! It's a little pricey but perfect for a Friday night dinner out!
Top shelf cleaning and service! They cleaned my 2014 RAM 1500 Laramie after two months of hunting season travels through snow, ice, salt and off road hunting.  Amazing it looks like a new truck again.  Great job and highly recommended for luxury cars and any car that matters to you!
I guess I expected more.  Great view.  I watched Vegas from the day time to night, which was nice.  The food and decor was average, it could be better. The only thing about this restaurant that makes it so special is it's view, but I live here.
Save your money. \nOver priced. Better flavor in a can of Chef Boyardee! My wife had the spaghetti and meatballs. Over cooked and totally lacking flavor. I had the carbonara....I think.....the lack of flavor confused me. And the service sucked.\nPass.
I think I'll always have fond memories of Kahunaville - particularly because of their super-sized fancypants margaritas (love love love), and I'm definitely not a margarita drinker.
I love this place! They give you really large servings for a great price. The chocolate flavor is delicious. Plus they have mini m&ms which are my fave! \n\nI definitely would recommend Snowflake shavery.
I was there for Spring Training and what a fabulous place to go either before or after a game!  The bartenders create a fun environment and food is to die for, and the owner makes you feel like you are part of his family. I definitely recommend if you are ever in the area.  I can't wait to go back next year!
Great selection but totally sinfully overpriced even for a candy store (almost $4 for a king sized Hershey bar?). What kills me is they don't put prices up on most shelf items which will catch you off guard at checkout. And no way of knowing the weight of your candy bag until checkout.
It was a good first experience.  We got in with no cover AND vip passes.  I can't complain about that.  It was pretty inside and I adored the upper level.  Much bigger than I thought, too!  \n\nIt didn't bug me, but lots of drunks tripping all over themselves in the dark.
The 15% off promotion is bull. It clearly states per customer on an entree but they only allow one promotion per party. They didnt want to split the bill as it only applied to one entree. Not worth the price for the portion.
I thought this show was just ok. There were 6 of us and we all paid full price so it was hard to fell like you got your monies worth ($53 for 1 hr show).
There masala dosa was awesome. Curries and naan were above average. Overall the food is good, but staff including owner are very serious and unfriendly. Better to take \"to go\" food.
Do not recommend this place. The bland, unappealing and cheap decor would have been excused had the food been good.\nThat was not the case. The quality of food served was on par with McDonalds except a much higher price tag.
Went in to get a quick haircut one morning and the stylist cut my hair crooked.   I am not sure how she did not notice because it was prerty bad.  Went somewhere else to have it fixed.
I am sick and tired of one poor Walmart experience after another. I originally had high hopes for this location. The sad truth is that they have a far lesser selection compared to other stores. Plus I refuse to be locked into the store before it even closes one more time. Isn't this a fire hazard?!?!
Not much remarkable can be said about BBB as a chain. This location always feels a little cramped, but then most of their locations do. It's fine for what it offers, nothing amazing, but nothing bad either. Lots of homegoods of the mid- to up-market variety and gobs of kitchen gadgets.
Its a beautiful place. If you are in Pittsburgh, be sure to check it out.
K-bowl makes a worthy hot stone bowl bi bim bap. It's bare bones and mostly a takeout joint, but there are one or two little tables if you want to slurp up your delicious Korean food right then and there.
I thought the food was OK at best. Nothing special about it. It did not seem that fresh and I the fried rice was probably the worst I have ever had.
Very cool place to browse and pick up stuff for my second favorite room in the house! Make sure you check out the clearance wall, they also have something cool over there. Super helpful here in anything you are looking for and also they have some good cookbooks on hand also.
Nice seats but there was barely anything to eat. It was definitely not worth $12.99 + tax. The only good thing about it was the slices of pork. Everything else was a bit below average.
Awesome food here! This is a highlight of a chain restaurant. The beignets are the best around. (They are only served at this particular Grand Lux). It is a solid choice if you are thinking along the lines of Cheesecake Factory. I love it here.
Lunch buffet is good,I like there fried rice,Chicken wings,dip in hot mustard sauce and a side of there egg drop soup wit green onions...
Excellent options, top of the line service, and they definitely aim to fill you up. Give the biscuit a try. It's pretty good. Also, love the all white and love the bar design. Very elegant and sheek.
Terrible. Longest wait in a drive thru ever. Just to find out they forgot to put things in the bag. The only thing I can count on from this TB is bad service. Always messing up the order.
India oven is....ok.  Satisfying? Yes. Tasty? For the most part. The best thing about this place is the service. The wait staff are attentive and efficient.  The buffet selection is good.  If only the quality was better. Over all, its not bad. I would recommend it.
Awesome crust.  No smaller side salad option.
Loved this place!  Passed by and decided to give it a try.  Staff was real nice and food was very good - all of us ordered something different and enjoyed it!
After trying some samples, I had to buy several bags.  Very, very tasty stuff.  And way better than the stuff you find in grocery stores and on the side of desolate highways.  \n\nMy favorite was \"triple threat\" -- so tender and so much flavor!
It was pretty average\n3 stars seems about right for me. The spicy chicken sandwich barely tasted different than a regular one would. The fries were very splendid however the ranch that you dipped in seemed old
Good prices on food.  The place is good to go to save a bit of scrilla.  Dropped a ton at the Wynn and coulda saved a bundle if I stayed here.
Janet did an amazing job on making my dress look perfect. She keeps working on your dress until you are happy with how it looks. I loved working with her and would recommend her to any bride.
Lee's on Lake mead is a lot like the forgotten step child in the Lee's family.  I mean the wine selection is terrible at best.  The store is laid out very casual and plain.  It's more like a quick grab liquor depot to just grab your 2 buck chuck or bottle of Absolute and head home.
Amazing. Everything is amazing. I don't know what else to say. If you can afford it, eat here at least once in your life
It was alright for what it was. I wouldnt go back. But it was ok cause I was with friends. I could see why straight folks would enjoy this bar. LOL
I have enjoyed numerous experiences at Shady Grove. However, when I went there recently, it resulted in a horrible stomachache. I am not sure which of the dishes I got which were the thai shrimp tacos, summer salad, and The Goat pizza. I will not be going back anytime soon.
Arizona bowl is great,  teenage boys claim the best teryiyaki chicken in the Valley.
I really wasn't impressed with this place. I don't think it's up to Plateau standards. There are far better places to grab a coffee and a sandwich within feet.
The grossest grilled chicken salad EVER! Slimy chicken that is NOT hot and yellow lettuce!!! At least I have the croutons to eat.  I should have known better :(
Love this place.  HUGE and tons of selection!  Snacks, drinks, gifts, furniture, dish wear, candles, lotions, etc.  \n\nFound the Japanese marble sodas.  =)
Yuck! I have given this place a couple of tries and never been happy. Clearly should have stopped going after the first visit. Just save your money and time and go to Paradise Bakery! They are much much better. Wildflower has weird tasting food - sauces, bread, cheese, sides. No normal food here.
Fantastic strip view, excellent cocktail waitresses, beautiful crowd.
Bad service, pretty good food, too pricey for what it is. A calzone and a sandwich was over $24. That's ridiculous. You are paying for the 'Disneyworld of Hemp' decor. Won't go back, but the food was decent.
Yuck. Terrible pizza. If I want bad cheap pizza, I'll go to Little Caesars. There is nothing special about this place, other than it makes pizza... Just like everyone else.
Rooms were clean and comfortable.  No flat screen.  Older furniture.  Casino was clean w friendly staff.  Not bad for price and location.
This place has such delicious foods. They are fresh, healthy and I wish there was a location in CA. I love their smoothies and the fact that the have other milk options such as almond and rice, is just wonderful. I got the spring rolls today...delish! I eat here every time I'm in town.
This place is amazing, the food was the best quick serve Mediterranean I have had. Cant wait to go back! :)
Chicken lollipops are the bomb.com.  Went with my daughter and everything was great.  The kona coffee crusted rib eye was decent with the warm potato salad.  Didn't care for the bread pudding but my little one loved it.  Good lunch while shopping at Town Square, love the beachy  feel.
The service was awful. I ordered a club sandwich and my wife and son both ordered Tuscan chicken. We waited 40 minutes for the food to arrive. My wife's chicken was burnt so that was sent back. Not a good experience considering what we paid. Will never go back again.
The service was quick and very friendly. The staff had good suggestions and answered any of our questions. They welcomed us warmly to the restaurant even though the kitchen was almost closed for the evening. The Pho was very good for the price and the servings quite generous. Overall a good experience.
Just wanted a quick bite because the buffet was too crowded. I tried their steak burger and it was horrid. I had to spit out several bites because of tiny round cartilage (or I think that was what it was). Total let down.
Not what I was expecting. First, this isn't a nice date place unless you want half of your conversation being \"what?\" I didn't think they'd have the club music blaring in the restaurant. The food was alright, probably won't go back :/
The Running of the Bulls in Cave Creek is always a good time!
This place is crap and over priced, people only go here for convenience. The food was below average, the drinks are kinda plain and the line is super long.  2 stars for convenience. I hear only good things about their desserts, which I didn't try, but i dont recommend their food.
Met up with family.  All of us really enjoyed our pizzas.  This is as close to Italy as one can get for pizza in Phoenix.  Homemade limoncello to end the meal was a nice touch.
Food was ok; atmosphere was miserable.  We felt rushed, our order was wrong, our server was rude.  All around just could have had a better experience.
I stop in as often as I can.  My favorite dish is the Hummus Deluxe.  The Baklava is rich and delicious.
i have the servics here i owner of bedrock bbq bbq ok 3 1/2 but the services was good
I agree that the wait time is to long. It's not real Hawaiian shaved ice. I recommend a small, you won't finish anything larger.
Loved the Wizard of Oz penny slots!  Was hooked on for a while when playing w/other gamblers as a group.
Had the BBQ burger.  Honestly one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life.  Not sure what element made it so great, but I was very impressed.  I've been to many places where they charge $15-25 for a burger but this was far better at a reasonable price!
A great place to visit if you're a chocoholic or just craving a chocolate buzz. Amazing hot chocolate! Only one downside. Would have given it a 5 star rating if there was more indoor seating in the cafe.
Gel nails fell apart within 2 days.  Rates are ok, but I got what I paid for.
Great place to go on Thursday after work!! Awesome service and venue.
Some organics, but not a lot! \nDecent place, clean. Great prices on the produce.
Cant beat $4.00 pizza. It is really good for the prize. My husband likes it more than little Caesars and my brother likes it way more than hungry howies. Best of all, no waiting in line, you just walk in and pick it up.
Very, very pleased with both the quality of the product and the customer service. Would definitely recommend this as a well-priced alternative to the other more expensive look-a-like product on the market.  Thank you for making our patio look spectacular!
The service was very slow and the burger was bland.
Highly recommend this place. It's so amazing. If you want great service check this place out!!!! \nI get my nails done with Shantel Martinez, she's the BEST!!!!!
Lindsey is the BEST. I've been seeing her consecutively for almost a year (maybe over a year now) and wouldn't go to anyone else. She makes brazilian's virtually painless. I've had some AWFUL experiences elsewhere. I found her via Groupon and highly recommend her.
I use to really enjoy this restaurant but lately not so much.  The food comes out cold and when you send it back they reheat it instead of making you something fresh.  This use to be one of my favorite places to eat, too bad!
Long wait for the food and the food didn't taste very good.  The only good thing about the restaurant is the huge United States art that is displayed in the dining room.  The kids enjoyed looked at the states.
no so great, staff was kind but orders took to long to be deliverd i ask for a cesar salad and chicken feeel like not really fresh, bathroom very pretty clean
Been here for four hours, still waiting for room that I reserved. Crap service, rude employees, and it hasn't even been one day.
Great place if you are craving french onion soup. Delicious chocolate souffle. The main course wasn't amazing but the soup and dessert is worth it once in a while.
Wonderful bar with excellent selection of beers and ales.  Food is exceptional with fish and chips being delicious. Friendly service.
I was referred to this company from a friend   When I looked up the reviews I was a little concerned. They showed up right when they said they would and did an excellent job. My old carpets look almost new again. They answered my calls and are very professional. I definitely recommend them for carpet cleaning services.
Went for lunch.\n\nFrozen hot chocolate not as good as NY location.\n\nCrabcake salad decent... but not good enough for a return visit.
Dive bar feel, but possibly one of the best burgers I've had. Made to order and seasoned perfect. The wings are also good.
I can only speak for the lunch menu, but I found it bland and unsatisfying.  I wish I had found a Chipolte instead.  On the plus side, it was quick.
Simply the best sushi in town. Will go back for sure. Very cheap also, 20$ for the tasting menu!!!
A very good beer selection, but can get so crowded it can be off putting.  However, they have plenty of room and games in the back!
So, if you are hungry...and there is absolutely nothing....I mean NOTHING else that you can find....for an non authentic Italian restaurant, this place is for you.  If your taste buds also don't work, again a great restaurant for you!
Gotta love that drive-through service. Close to home and they are pretty fast in responding to your needs. Zip in and zip out, no problems. They have two lanes. Full service and a drop off only lane.
Always consistently good.  This last visit I had the Thai steak and noodle salad.  I think it's my new favorite!
Ordered the Crab Rangoon & Wonton Soup. The Crab Rangoon was a little greasy and too creamy tat the crab was overwhelmed. As for the soup, the wontons were pretty good, and a large portion which was nice.
clean, and good selection
Its bad ass!!
I went during the day wasn't impressed ill have to check it out at night sometime
This place is ridiculously slow, just to get seated on a day that isn't very busy.  Don't eat here if you have a plane to catch.
Sat at the pool for an hour without a server coming by. Had to go to the bar and order food and drinks. Oscar...the Spa Manager...was not helpful at all with a problem we had at the spa. Terrible customer service.
ok. ok. I'm a sucker for $3 minimum bet craps and really fast drink service +1 star\n\nOh, and the big wheel of fortune game is slightly wobbly and off-balance. ::COUGHbetonthetensCOUGH::
We had been there twice. The lunch price is very good. The green curry is great. \nTofu salad is also very good. We like the place. The only thing is it is a little far from us.
Barista asked me if I was only having a cookie as if that was below par to warrant a seat.  Later,  I casually asked to have salad from a seated position and was refused.  \"Go to the counter and order\". No please no niceties.   And not progressive by any stretch.
Cosmo is so beautiful inside. The chandelier is really what makes it so spectacular. I've only visited here, I haven't stayed here so I can't rate the rooms. But with the staff I have dealt with here are very nice and helpful.
After a friend raving about this place for 6 months I had to go.  I'd say my turkey sanwich was pretty average.\nI'd never go again simply for the fact they don't have Sweetener for their unsweetened iced tea.  Boo.
. This place has been rated by my friend, as the best poutine place in Montreal. I took her to every well known poutine place in Montreal and this was her favorite. A bonus is the friendly bilingual  service, friendly and the kitchen appears clean and clearly visible.
Horchata is really good so far. Waiting on the food!\nIt took a little too long, but I guess it's not FAST food, so I was ok with that.  The food was ok, and the place was NICE and CLEAN. which is unusual for small dive-y places.
Food was good but the service was mediocre.
Horrible customer service!! called multiple times for a perception to be filled and was told it had been processed; but it had never been. Do yourself a favor and go to costco!
Dr. Day is awesome; knowledgable, friendly, and he's  GREAT with my kids! He makes a balloon animal with a rubber glove, they love it. The staff is just as nice. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Brought my Yorkie in and they did an amazing job! Making my next appointment now. They clipped his nails bathed and cut and even cleaned his ears. This was one of the best experiences I have had at a groomers and I highly recommend them!
It was very cold where we were sitting. The service was SLOW. Food was ok.
They ground crew here rocks- they went out of their way to help me get on an early flight when there was an issue with high winds in Vegas (as usual). I would totally recommend them to any friend who is planning travel within their network.
I have eaten here several times. The customer service is amazing and the food is very good. I really enjoy the atmosphere.
This place is the best
Brunch was really good.  I had a savory crepe.  It was much better than what I am capable of making at home.  I would go back for brunch
If you're looking to save a few dollars, it's a great place to stay.  It's in the middle of the strip and has everything you need.  I can't complain, everything was free with my comps.
Stopped by for my first visit.  Ordered the club sandwich and DELICIOUS !  Bread was soft and a little chewy, right balance of meat and veggies.  Very fresh and the condiments were perfect.   Not your typical sandwich shop.   Will repeat....!
Michelins. Their service writers are competent and courteous. Free rotations.
The sushi here was only ok, and definitely pricy for what you're getting.  There are definitely places out there with higher quality fish and cheaper prices.
Located at west fort apache near Walmart. The restaurant unassuming once you get into the restaurant the ambiance is simple and very nice. The menu is simple and the pricing is quite reasonable. Home cooked thai food is the best description that I can think of.
It was a good $10 for Lunch. Seafood is good here as well as the fruits and deserts..the hibachi station is worth trying. But I'm not excited about it
This one is by far the worst one here in Vegas compared to the one off of warm springs rd by the 215 no one is here to take your name when you come in so far I waited 45 minutes everyone else has waited longer according to them
I come here a lot and at 7 pm I wanted to buy a few items and was denied a sale of an item because there was no price tag. REALLY? isn't it for charity? Any price is better than no sale. I won't be back for the item that I wanted it won't be worth it.
Don't let this restaurant's strip mall or small size fool you. The food here is FANTASTIC, as is the service. A fair warning to newcomers, however...their spice levels are a fair bit spicier than other Thai places in the valley
Best Thai food I've ever had! And I try a lot of Thai restaurants. Staff is very nice. Try the sesame chicken, fried rice and curry! Awesome!
Outstanding event.  The weather was great this year.
Went there about 10 times for cleaning as well as alterations.  Cleaning was fine but alterations were disappointing. They didn't do an original hem on my jeans and I was pretty clear about what I wanted. They lost my business, there is better elsewhere, keep looking.
I live right across! And me and my boyfriend just discovered this place! Im a huge chow main and noodle judge and this is by far one of the best! I know this is the beginning to something for me and my bf! We love this place definitely coming back!
I came here eons ago when it first opened and still wonder about it's success. I really didn't like it. Shabu-Shabu is supposed to taste much better than this.
One of my favorite spots in university to have s good time! The service is fast and the food is ok. although I believe the margaritas are not made from fresh ingredients, they are some if the best in town. The facilities needs some cosmetic work but you'll never this place in a worse mood than you came.
Hands down my favorite airport! Why - well, no airport gets you through security faster/easier than Las Vegas. I have never had an issue here, never. \n\nAnd they got their act together regarding the rental cars - great rental car center, rarely have to wait any time at all.
Very old and strange place. Normally I would call the government to shut it down. But the pizza was surprisingly good. I have no idea how this place stays open. But don't eat there... Seriously. Have it delivered. Ignorance is bliss.
Great service.  Total transaction took about 15mins. Got $722 for five pcs of old jewelry. I almost fell out when Michelle told me the amount. Lol
Ah-so was just so.  We enjoyed our lunch and it was nice to sit next to the little pond.  But next time, for money, I'd pop down the street to Sushi Catcher.  The fish is fresher and they have fresh wasabi.
This Dunkin is terrible. Every time we have come here, they've messed up our orders, made the drinks wrong, given us things we did not order, and worst of all have been rude about it the entire time. I do not recommend coming here if you value your time.
Loud with micowaved food.  Edible if, like us, you're stuck and hungry during a layover.  Poor selection of beer (ranging from tasteless-clear to a tasteless-amber) at some really high prices not listed on the menu.
I visited WingBonz a couple months back and was told they were to busy to regrill my wings. I have not been back. I sent an email to the owner, but got no response.
These guys were incredible. House was absolutely trashed after a party, and within two hours it looked sparkly clean. Would highly recommend their services.
We came in to have lunch today and have a wonderful meal. What happened to another party really me made me appreciate this location. They had a party of 15 come in and they opened up a section that was closed to take care of them. Now that's customer service.
This place was absolutely awful.  I had to ask my server 3 times if he would take my food order, and other than that, he ignored me. My food was cold when it came out, like it had been sitting in the kitchen window for a while.  I'll never order from here again.
Frankly, I was starving when I ate here so it was amazing in my book. Looking back, the pizza is pretty flimsy. I did get a sweet lunch deal of a salad (which was good), slice of pizza, and a drink for $5.50. Overall, not horrible but not awesome.
This place just opened up and we wanted to give it a try.  Everything from the service, the apps, drinks, and the food was awesome.  Everything was fresh the tacos were amazing.  Really authentic street tacos. Try the pork belly!!!
Marsala spaghetti-nuff said!
Customer service was alright & the price for all-you-can-eat sushi isn't really worth it.
Kohl's is a great store when it comes to value. The store on Valley Verde is enormous and right off the 215 East. \n\nNice staff \nGreat Value\nName Brands
Finally, a non-commercial movie house where one can see an independent picture show AND have a libation (in a can if you wanna!!)!\n\nLove this place. Very swanky and reasonably priced and friendly staff!
Customer service is average. It is just like any other subway, not bad, not great, just a sandwich place
I like BK, but this one was gross!!!
Was not impressed, and will not return.
Pretty good selection of food and beer here. the burger i had was pretty good. the wait staff was pretty friendly. Overall a pretty good place
Five stars for the ginger margarita!!
Went on a Monday night drink specials were OK if a bartender would have taken my drink order. The blonde bartender would rather talk to guys instead of taken drink orders.  Ask for a manager and I was told he was to busy in the back of the house.  Ask three times and he never came out.    I would never go back.
Worst hotel on the strip. Once I checked in, they told me that they were still cleaning the room and would call me after. It's been 3 hours of waiting. Do not recommend this hotel. I would rather stay at motel 6. Pathetic
Loud
I really try to support local business and really tried to like this place. I even went a few times, thinking the next time would be better. The last time I went I spent 7 bucks on what was old, cold, nasty lemon chicken. I really, really wanted to like this place. After my last experience, I won't go back.
Surprisingly good! We were hungry at 11 pm so we walked from our hotel to this pub!  I ordered the sweet and sour sauteed shrimp as a wrap and it was very good! My friend had the veggie burger and she could not stop raving about it!
Stopped by for lunch today in Phoenix  \nHad the original burger and the mixed fries and beer flite. \nExcellent food and service.
I kind of feel stupid for reviewing a buffet because, well, it's a buffet.\nBut anyway this one sucked, a lot of the food was cold and they didn't replace items that ran out.
Great atmosphere, delicious coffee, awesome food. This is my default stop for coffee or a place to spend the afternoon. It can get a little crowded at times though.\n\nThe Thai Tempeh sandwhich is amazing, also try the cold brew coffee sometime.
The corned beef hash comes from a can, and includes an extra side of hashbrowns.  Yes, that means hashbrowns served with hashbrowns.  Are these people dumb?
Excellents cupcakes, tout fait d'ingr\u00e9dients que nous sommes capable de nommer ;) Et les proprios sont super sympathiques!
This is my first stop when shopping for mens clothing. Reasonable pricing, helpful sales staff. Good value and great sales.
I have been taking my pets to Craig Road Animal Hospital since the summer of 2013.  I have always had positive encounters with the staff; everyone is super friendly and helpful!  Craig Road Animal Hospital is always clean and I have never had a bad experience there. Their hours of operation are also very helpful to my busy schedule, I highly recommend them!
Italian beef sandwiches had no flavor what so ever, hot dogs were very good but if I was going on a pilgrimage for great hot dogs I would drive the extra few miles and go to Ted's in Tempe.
Place is not friendly. We felt like outsiders and they did not comp us hardly anything after playing 300 plus in the machines.
Very nice and friendly staff. Great sense of humor even early in the am and after I drove all night. Great job guys.
Party of four, we ordered 4 burgers, all varying levels of Medium. Order came back all well done.\n\nFor what it's worth, management redid the burgers and gave us half off the check.\n\nThis review does not reflect condition of dessert menu.
Terrible bank like atmosphere.  \nBest burger in town.
Has some nice water works but since they are building large buildings all around it, it feels more like a cement prison rather than anything else. Nice tulips.
If I could give a half a star I would. The service here is absolutely terrible to the point it's a joke. Do they even have servers working here???? This place could be great but it's not; flat our terrible, over priced, and just bad
We rolled up on Tuesday before 8 pm and it was closed!  WTH!  I was starving and now I can't try you BBQ!
Clean inside, and outside, and good customer service, more than not.\n\nBar none, this is the most expensive gas station within miles.\n\nBecause it is next to the rental return place.\n\nHideously expensive.
For those that like an abundance of mediocre food that is poorly cooked than this is the place to be. For those that actually like good food I would suggest another restaurant and preferably not a chain.  \n\nThe only saving grace was the frozen yogurt and the fried shrimp.
Great unpretentious food. Bobby flay is the man!
I like Rubio's in general, but this location is pretty hit or miss on the food quality and service.  I prefer the one on the other side of the I-10 next to the movie theater.
Dr Jay and his staff are great.   He is very good at listening to your individual problems then recommending a course of action to fix the problem.
The best Chicago style deep dish in town
yay Gallagher's!  One of my favorite places as a local to go.  Consistently good and great atmosphere.
One of the better and classier clubs in Las Vegas!\nHere's the worst kicker.\n$8 for soda water from the gun, basically carbonated tap - almost unforgivable\nCome on Babe, REALLLY?!?!  \n[Source: I used to be a Bartender]
What can I say?  It's a Walgreens.
I'm  impressed with this place and like that it's so close to my home. The food was very good and service was excellent. I felt. The prices were just a tad bit high, however  it's worth it. I would go back here again
My order is not that difficult.... 3 of the same thing. One is spicy the others are mild. Then I got the excuse of the person taking the order. Black Friday and I am tired. More like get the wax out ya ears!!!
Great customer service at this location! The workers are always friendly and welcoming. The store is always clean and \"cheerful\" looking. They have free wifi as well! I will continue to stop in for smoothies because of the great atmosphere and customer service.
Pretty bad. Owner could have cared less to even say hello or goodbye.\n\nItalian Beef was far from anything I ever had in Chicago. If you want good Italian beef look to Lukes or even the frozen stuff at Costco. It's better trust me.
They have pretty good food at this place.  very close to home.  the tots are so good!  good place to have a drink also.  free pool.  lots of specials.
What can I say!  I love me some starbucks...period
Wandered in Old Montreal and ended up here by chance.  Meat was fatty and spaghetti overcooked.
Its been a while since I've been here but the last time I was there the beer was not cold at all and the staff just didn't seem that interested in making sure you had a great experience. I love the location but not sure when I'd go back.
They are very friendly and I was able to purchase a pair of scrubs for a great price! They offer a 10% discount so that is an added bonus! The tops and bottoms I bought were $9.99 each which was excellent compared to UNLV's $130 per pair!
I really enjoyed the set-up of the restaurant. The side room looks very authentic. The staff are nice enough, although the service isn't exactly prompt and polite. Great food!
Awesome coaches, awesome gym, amazing people and all the burpees you can eat! Allied crossfit is a life changing experience.  Been with them for about 7 months and I wouldn't leave for anything!
Went there with a group of friends for happy hour after the Rock Vault show. Everyone had a blast. Large portions and great value with half priced appetizers and drinks.
A classic! Perfect burger to compliment my visit to Pittsburgh. Can't wait to come back.
Coffee was ok. Looks like a Starbucks but just uses their product stars awarded.
Just had the Clear Bra package applied to my new black Chrysler 300. Looks great. Apart from a thin seam on the hood you can't even tell there is anything there. The fenders and mirrors look perfect. Great service and well worth the investment.
Simply amazing BBQ. You can really taste the scratch made!
I would recommend Mr Athari and his office every day. He has done work for family and friends with great outcomes. He works hard for you and believes in you. He is professions, courteous, and experienced so he knows what he's doing. He's a great attorney!
I used this cleaner to press my wedding dress which was no simple task.  They did a nice job, largely because they do that work on-site rather than shipping it off to a large chain and re-wrinkling the stupid thing in the process.  Its a quality homegrown business and I love supporting it.
it seems strange, but there doesn't seem to be anyone around....??? this seems like an empty mall parking lot.......is it for real?
A few weeks ago, I got the eggs benedict at Graze and my eggs left a waxy, gross feeling in my mouth. :( I enjoyed my breakfast at Denny's more yesterday -- isn't that saying  a lot?\n\nSad. Where are the good restaurants in Madison??
Food is awesome. Prices are reasonable for said food. Service hasn't been totally consistent, but everything else compensates for it. Butter Burger is a new favorite. Kerry Simon is a culinary genius and never disappoints, even if he's not there making the food himself!
Food is below average, expensive, and a small cup of steamed rice is a $4 add on. Do not recommend.
Dockside has been a fresh seafood staple on the Eastside of Charlotte for as long as I can remember.  Long lines will greet you if you get there during peak time, but they clean your fish pretty fast.  Of course they have all the basic seafood offerings by the pound and it's as clean as a fresh seafood spot can be.
Great place for specials anytime although lunch is cheaper.  I usually go there when working in the Peoria area and have never been disappointed.  The price is always good too.
After reading some reviews my fiance and I decided to try it out. We paid the dinner price and was disappointed. :( Where's the crab?! All the food was mediocre and I would rather eat somewhere else. I wouldn't come back here again..
This gym has everything I need for a great workout. My only complaint is the free weights are scattered everywhere. People do not put them where they belong. If your looking for a 25lb plate check behind the 45's etc. Water taste like chlorine so I bring my own.
Looking for specific magnets for your refrigerator?\n\nYou find them all at magnet Max. They have a really huge variety.
as seen on TV. However, the guys are not always there, typically only when they are filming.\n\nIf you want to stop by, go when it's rainy, otherwise you will encounter a LONG line in the blitzing sun to get in.
It's OK for the price but quality isn't great.
I love that there's a lot of events going on.. I wish they were advertised better. Also I've encountered too many racist encounters with the clubs here such as Suite! EpiCentre is a hit and miss at times... mostly a miss!
We LOVE this place! I haven't had an egg roll in years but they do traditional Thai and use rice wrappers for theirs! And the pot stickers as well are rice wrapped! Sweet basil is delicious, I've had the spicy noodles with out soy sauce, bamboo shoot dish is delicious as well!
It was a tasty Chimichanga and there are large TVs for watching games.  I'd go back.
This is my favorite place to eat. This place couldn't have been better. Fansastic!
Wicked spoon food is really good food but looked more focused on Chinese and sea food !! Although deserts here are delicious which will make you FAT :)
Mad Mex offers vegetarian burritos with seasoned tofu that are pretty good.  \n\nIt gets pretty crowded and noisy, so keep that in mind.
Nandos, Macayos, Mi Amigos, Arriba, Carlos O'Briens, Julios, Mata's etc...It's all just a sea of cheese and mediocrity if you ask me.  A sea of cheese and mediocrity.
The best buffet I've ever been too.  The food presentation is very unique & makes the food appear irresistible.  Tons of desserts & a wide variety of great tasting food to choose from.
One of my favourite places to get a latte.This place is tiny so I usually end up getting my coffee to go. \n\nI normally indulge in the latte so I cannot comment about the other genre's of coffee. The staff prepares my delicious drink so I trust them to prepare your cup to your liking.
24/7; good menu; great prices for Vegas.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  Probably best  after drinking/gambling etc.  Solid.
Service slow, pizza and wings were horrible. Never again
My favorite used to be the DONUT FRENCH TOAST...It's no longer on the menu but I'm pretty sure they'll make it if you ask. Otherwise, go for a whopping slice of drumstick pie!
Gute Bagels zum Fr\u00fchst\u00fcck. Modernes Lokal und auch zwei Tische zum drau\u00dfen sitzen. Sehr gut.
The worst service ever
I don't know why I'm here for the second time. The first time I got a toe infection because they used nasty unclean tools. And the comment about the comedian Angela Johnson is so true. I feel like I'm living her joke as I listen to the girls laugh and joke in  Vietnamese.
This place is awesome you can find pretty much any kind of battery that's great.\nThey have battery's for cars, motorcycle to the smallest
No good!!
Awesome is the only word, everything is freshly prepared and perfect.  Great food and great prices.
Yuck. This place smelled funny. When we walked in the hostess and chef were acting very odd. We were given a dirty menu... Didn't even stay to try the food because we were so turned off by the weird atmosphere and filthiness of the menu.
I went to this place to see what all the hype was about. Its not that great. I rather go to yama sushi.
Went last night with a bunch of women. The service was quick and friendly. The variety and quality of food was much better than I expected. Will definitely come back.
It was good as always. I'm in a hurry to get to a show but I really wanted to post this picture of Jen. Lol
I CAN ONLY SAY ONE THING... YUM!!! Crab cake sandwich makes you feel like you are at the beach.  and the Number 1... Just go in and ask for a Number 1
Really good Reuben! The best I've had in a long time. Was not expecting something that good from this little place
Shouldn't the food you name your restaurant after actually taste good? \n\nWhy people go here for wings instead if Zipps or Half Moon is beyond me.\n\nOnly good thing about this place is that they have all the games on TV. Otherwise, food sucks.
haven't tried yet :)
The only reason that he is not getting five stars is because he hasn't been returning phone calls.\n\nI have always highly recommended him to everyone because I was so pleased with our service last year.  However, after recommending him, people are not getting return phone calls.  Is he still in business?
Jack in the box was a better choice. The Customer Pool Was Deeply Immersed In Trash Talking About the service
It was a nice exhibit but the price is too high. No lines at all when I went inside. Many people were already inside but still not crowded. Price should be lower for the size. It's a good place to visit as a tourist since it's only one time.
I didn't eat anything it was pricey looked yummy but i can't say for sure so I am giving it one star
Good place to eat or get a beer for happy hour. They have many classic Irish dishes, burgers, and sandwiches. Sweet potato fries are quite tasty. Nice location right on Mill Avenue with patio.
Nikki did my nails today and I love them, they are red with a white strip for the forth of July.  Very creative and knew exactly what to do.  Price was great and already made another appointment.  LOVE MY NAILS!
Christina was the best coordinator ever. She helped us plan an absolutely beautiful wedding. Jesus, the head server was also a total rock star. He made all of our guests feel so important and welcome, and I was never without champagne! I can't reccommend LVCC enough.
Soccer, tennis, and basketball facilities. Kids playground. Good walking for dogs and their owners.
Hey it's a Starbucks! Friendly staff, good drinks and a good location. Can never go wrong with your favorite drink here.
This is my first time trying this place.  Love it. I use don't care for Asian food, but I will definitely be coming back.
Angry Bro Bar !  Please go here if you wear size smedium affliction shirts you will love it. The bar is lame. Kid you not there was not five minutes that went by where two people didn't try and fight each other.
Caf\u00e9 8 offers a number of gluten free options. I had the tomato bisque soup which was very tasty but heavy. Also tried the gluten free blueberry muffin which had a very light texture making it one of the best gluten free muffins I have ever tried.
best boba i have tasted in town! hate the wait and the service, but love the boba!
I got an oil change and AC recharge for my car.  They squeezed me in with no appointment and everything was done quickly.  I am happy with my results.
Wahoo Skinny bowl is delicious! Very clean restaurant. Parking SUCKS!
I always get the Pollo Magnifico and it never disappoints. The staff is very friendly and makes you feel welcome. The only issue is the parking. I drove around for 10 minutes today looking for a spot, but the food is definitely worth it.
Fantastic! We took gyros and the app sampler to go. Fast service and incredible food!
I've given the place a few tries, and each time I've been sadly disappointed. The food was consistently flavorless. Not really much else to say.
Larger than it use to be before the show. Many items added because of the notoriety  of the TV show. We still had fun.
Been to this place a few times.  Have yet to see it crowded.  But the music was great!!  Since I went because my man and his friends were playing.  It's a nice venue just needs more people!!
servers were rude\nhookah was decent\nfrench fries made my stomach hurt\n\nwont be going back unless i'm forced
A huge disappointment. Way over priced, with the smallest portions. Ambiance and the drink list are OK. However, can not make up for the price. Yelp reviews are over shooting.
Apparently I stand corrected and this place is still open. Maybe they were just spraying for crabs when I walked by... It was boarded up.. But now a fully functioning bump and grind. Enjoy.
I took my wife to Aix on her birthday.  The setting is upscale, intimate and certainly occasion-worthy.\n\nThe food, which is modern French, is well-priced and decent, nothing spectacular.\n\nThe highlight of the evening would be the filet mignon served on the bone.
This is a good spot. Service was decent. Ordered the Thai Basil extra spice which I found to be very good.
Good food but over priced for Vegas. Also has a fast food feel environment.  \nFood is very tasty and portions are pretty reasonable though.
Crappy service. Average food. Don't waiste your time and money
I have been looking forward to trying sals since they opened a few months ago - I live just a few blocks away.\n\nGrabbed a slice today. It was really disappointing - crust was not fully cooked and there was not nearly enough cheese... several bites were just sauce and doughy crust. Bummer.
Had the thin crust deluxe. It was fantastic. Sausage was so good. Definitely worth going to. A 14 inch medium was more than enough for 2.
Had breakfast here on a Saturday morning in July.  I ordered the Spanish Scramble.  It was good.  I don't have much to say.  It's close to home but it's just okay.  Still looking for my go-to breakfast joint.
Heard great things about Kay's, unfortunately they were not true! Food was mediocre at best, service was slow, even had to wait to pay, once we finally got our check. \n\nOwnership needs to step up and bring this place back to its glory days!
Wow, this place has a great Wisconsin beer selection.   The Ale Asylum was very smooth.   The cheese curds where some of the best I have had and were perfect with the brats!   Well  worth checking out.   There are several parking garages were close by!
YUMMY!  You can taste the difference from the ordinary Pizza. I am in love with the Pannacotta
Awesome doctor, very quick and efficient appt. she really is the best I have seen, I would definitely recommend her. You are In and out and your eyes are fixed lol, no fooling around and she is very sweet.
Pretty friendly staff at this Subway and the food is served in convenient dine-in baskets.  Definitely more appealing than the other stores around this area.
What a delicious treat! Went here with a friend and enjoyed every last bite of my black cherry ice cream. Everything is handmade and it tastes that way! Would definitely love to go again!
went here the other nite ....................ditto
I hav allways loved D's since the first day I walked in there. Working there was a special treat and great family experience. They know how to make everyone happy.\n\nthanks to all that work there now. Mikey
This spot makes me feel Im in a Stanley Kubrick movie . Its hidden entrance and lack of signage make you feel special when pull open the oversized wooden door. Go here after work start the night there then go back at the end of the night. Another great edition to the 18B
Very tiny bathrooms. Drinks are overpriced compared to non gay bars. I do appreciate the design , great drag shows but I won't be back.
I find the decor very odd and the menu limited. The infamous burger I was supposed to order (I forget the variety) disappointed me as it was very dry and overcooked. The oft-mentioned fries were also underwhelming.
We've been coming here since '07.  Great food.  It's a little off than when we first started going there.  Not bad, just different.
Absolutely delicious!   We HAVE Been Here A Few Times And We Bring Our Family And friends when they visit from out of state. Salads omg amazing and although it takes a while for their pizza, it's well worth the wait. Staff is friendly,  knowledgeable and so fun. Highly recommend this place.
Great prices on tile and all the stuff that goes with it.  I wasn't wowed by the staff, but that seems to depend on who you get.  I was stunned by how large and broad their selection was, and the fact that they had it all right there.  When the time comes for the next project, we'll be going back.
Order the \"Justin Braun\" you won't regret it.
Wishing I could say something nice about eating here. I got the chicken teriyaki which had a slice of canned pinapple and some sauce over that. Vegitables seemed to have been cooked in a microwave, they were rubber. Only 1 1/2 servers for the place.  They'll never have me darken their doorway.
I used to come here quite frequently and felt that this place had some of the best boba in the area. However, when I went back tonight after having not been for a few months my drink was completely watered down and sub-satisfactory. Perhaps it was just a fluke but I was definitely disappointed
Ordered calamari.  It was like chewing a rubber bands.  Canceled order and left.   Won't b back again.....
Red Devil has some of the best pizza in town. The crust is deliciously salty and the sauce has plenty of flavor. Wings aren't half bad either
As a man from MA one bite and I am home
The Polish food looked amazing, but I already was full from dinner. My favorite feature of the bar was the men's restroom, which is in the basement. The door opens directly to the toilet and has no lock. It makes for odd introductions.
double-double animal style, animal fries and a chocolate shake!!!\n\n enough said :-)
Definitely my best Korean joint in town! a must go :)\n\nJit Hoong Lim
OUTSTANDING FOOD!!!!\nPortions are huge. Service and atmosphere GREAT!!! It's become a favorite of ours!!
I ordered the burrito and chicken taco combo and was pleasantly surprised. The bean burrito was really great. I loved the salsa. Mild with just enough spices. Great food! I will definitely eat here again.
Descent Japanese food with a good menu. We have been going there for years and even our Japanese friends liked it. Try the sushi bar with your partner or a booth with a bigger group. Service can be a little slow depending on the server, but you will like the atmosphere.
Words like dark, dank, dingy and dive come to mind... However sometimes your in the mood for a dive.
Island has friendly workers and good food. There is hardly ever a wait. Their uni is delicious. There is also plenty of variety on the menu so that even non sushi eaters can fill their guts.
Okay hotdog. Casual atmosphere. Individual dog prices are okay; \"combo\" price was a little high for what you get. Will try it again though.
Horrible Service. Took 20 mins to take order. And did not come even though he saw us 3 times and we waved.
A fun place to go with very friendly staff. Definitely attracts an alternative crowd!
The worst service period. Waited over an hour and still no food. Morons are running this place with a horrible wait staff. Will never go there again.
Like Cheesecake factory, except not, and in a casino.
Ikea is what it is ... Great disposable furniture. God help you if you need to return something ... I am writing this as I sit with 14 other people and one customer service person taking returns ..., never again.
Food is ok, but they do not deliver.
So disappointing.  Both the one in Tucson and the one in Phoenix.  Their prices appear to be RETAIL rather than RESELL.  Way overpriced.  There are better stores in town.
Excellent food and service!!! Can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu. We had the Poori bread with a mashed potato dish - which was great. Our main meals, chicken tikka masala and baingan bharta (mashed eggplant) were delicious.
No wonder this restaurant has wonderful reviews, the food was amazing ,kudos to the chef ,cheap ,good portion so tasty !!! Worth the drive
Service is soooo slow!! Food is good but nothing spectacular. Go to grand lux for beignets instead.
Overall the experience was good. The food was enjoyable but a bit on the salty side. Ordered the chicken soup = great. Beef stew was excellent in the meat tenderness and. The white beans were a but on the under cooked side meaning a bit hard. Rice was good. Passion fruit juice was not natural.
Family friendly, great location, affordable, and most importantly very knowledgeable instructors!!!
Great food, service sucks!!!!!
Do not go in the summer. It is way too hot and no AC. Unacceptable for me. I love their peach ale. It is delicious. I will update this review when I go back in the winter.
Great spot for sports viewing.  Usually good about getting the game on you want to watch.  Best wings in Charlotte!
My buddy and I have been there a few times. It's a good location. That's about it. The happy hour food is subpar. Drink prices are alright. It's usually pretty open so that's why we go there. Then again with the poor food and lackluster service that could be why.
Annoying to have 50 hands in your face,\nwhen trying to make your way up the strip.\n\nDisgusting to have 1000's of cards,\nlittering the entire sidewalk of the strip,\nwhen trying to make your way back down it.
There was a bug on the table the hostess tried to seat us at, that kinda ruined my will to eat there, and the food I DID try was mediocre. Never going back again.
Amazing, all the products that I have tried have been wonderful and the staff very helpful.
We had our office Holiday Party here; it was terrific.  The atmosphere was quiet and fun and the food was amazing.  Waiter was funny, courteous, and responsive.  Overall a great time; we'll definitely be back!
Free entrance if you print coupon from their website
Three things about this place, parking is a bear.  Second price is kinda high for what you are getting.  and finally what you do get is quite delicious.  Iknow it is Tapas and portions are supposed to be small but some of the dishes like the scallops get stuck to the serving dish and make eating them more difficult.
Nice little shop with a nice selection. Lots of founders and everything was fair priced. Go see Allen and he will help you out. I will be back for sure.
I don't even want to give them a star. It was suppose to be one of the happiest day of my life and they were the only people who ruined with horrible service. Particularly the caf\u00e9. Just horrible management and horrible service.
so i don't know what happened here, this pharmacy used to be on top of it. now they take a long time to get to drive-through customers, long wait times and rude pharmacy techs.
I'd rather have a vietnamese pho with 10dollars included taxes.
i tried the chowder that tasted like a ingredients simply dumped in water and served.
Fresh food. You can see them make it as you order it. Great prices as well.
I have been there three times over the course of 2 years. Twice for myself, once for my wife. Each time we were met with pleasant, patient, professional care. The wait times are reasonably short, the doctors are thorough and even through the place is all the way across Madison, WI  from my house - it is my choice for any emergency.
Met friends for breakfast this morning and was sadly disappointed.  I expected the 30 minute wait, but did not expect the over cooked eggs.  Now I did ask for crispy bacon and crispy hashbrowns and neither came out that way.  Maybe it was just a bad day, but I do not expect I will go back again.
This place is close to my house, eat here at lease twice a month.  But the last few visits sure were disappointing.  The salsa bar was dirty.   Tables were not clean.  I have had good fish taco there, but will find a new location.
I totally fell in love with this joint from the get-go. Impecable all around.
I don't know if their food quality dropped or people here really don't have high expectations for Japanese food. It's not made to order and the sushi aren't delicate at all. The tampura came soggy. Overall, I expect more from the food for the price I paid.
I hate this place so much.  I've always found them very rude and the first location always felt dirty.  The new location was a little cleaner but I won't be back to see how it is now.  The food wasn't very good and is a bit pricey for what you get.
Good little neighborhood joint.  The food is good, the pours are reasonable, and the bar top is one awesome hunk of wood.  The decor is that of a golf nut, as the owner a Scots expat.  They've got a loyalty card of sorts and offer specials regularly.
Friendly service and helpful.   Lush is a chain store.  The bath fuzz is very fun to use
Great beer, unbelievable atmosphere!
Welcoming and cool inside. Had a wonderful and relaxing 90 minute full body massage for $40 including tip\n\nWill definitely come back again and tell all my friends and family.\n\nThanks to Ann Z for the recommendation.
They shut down about 6 months ago
Appears to be some kind of Scottsdale institution
Great atmosphere, good food and good service. If you are in the Belmont area, a must stop. I had a burger which was great in this little hometown Irish pub.
I had so much fan last Thursday for R3hab! I wish you guys didn't charge $40 for the lockers though :(
Best happy hour in town!
Finally got to experience terminal 3. I had to pick up friends and drop them off at the airport and it was all smooth sailing. We decided to step inside and check it out. It didn't really look fancy brand new but it was very clean.
Placed a large carry out order for friends in for Thanksgiving. The food was decent but they forgot the 3 deserts ordered. I called and got no apology and was put on hold and then hung up on. This happened two more times so I gave up and will now have to drive back there to get a refund.
Way too many people in a small ass area. Line for drinks take forever. \n\nGo to the regular pool, the workers walk around and take your order, then bring your food/drinks to you. Much better experience
I guess the new owners just didn't live up to the old, as mine and other reviewers mentioned. The business is no longer there. There's an empty restaurant area in the gas station if someone else wants to try to make a go of it. Sad...
The Bun Bo Hue was great. \n\nHowever, not the best place to bring family to eat. There were flies all over the place. Best if you take out and eat someplace else.
If you need copies, don't go here ! I checked to see how much it was going to cost to make 3,000 copies standard size one sided $789.00 ! Thats insane! Everyone else was at least 300 to 400 dollars cheaper.\nI highly recommend you go somewhere else if you need copies!
It's ok Thai in a pinch for ginger and spice. Service is slipping and for god's sake could you get some appetizers that aren't fried?!?!
This venue is purdy
Return back to ECO tint for my GS350! Were else would I go? Again outstanding job, fast, and great service. Only down fall is that there book all the time. I had to wait a week to schedule an appointment, but the wait was worth it. Thanks ECO tint, highly recommended.....
Worst shit I've ever eaten, couldn't even finish then threw up.  AVOID AT ALL COST
I'm so irritated with this place. You definitely can't get served in a timely manner and when you do it's usually wrong. I'll not be coming back and suggest others to be wary as well. (review written on a Sunday night where the restaurant has only 24 people in it - in other words DEAD).
One thing that is good is also that they host your the ufc fights, the food is ok, the service is ok.
Do not go. Poor client service with non-responsive management that allows unlawful practices of employees. Lots of bugs, rats and will not go again. Do not go.
For the price of the sandwich, where's the beef? I'm being freakin serious here!  All bread, toppings and minimum amount of protein. I made a better sandwich when I was 12 . Unacceptable!
Staff was very friendly and Ging was great. My girlfriend came here for a mani and pedi. She was super happy with her nails. Prices are good and Ging always does a great job. Very comfortable enviorment and plenty of parking. Defintely will be returning!
IT'S ALWAYS SOOO TOO DAMN HOT IN THIS LOCATION!!\n...It's terrible!!!  ...Management does nothing to fix the A/C!
A must on every Vegas trip. We ordered the shrimp, bacon dates, beef salad, escargot & more shrimp & sangrias. Dinner w/ drinks around $70 not bad for the taste and selection.
As a diagnostician, he is very capable. Unfortunately as a person, he's rather unlikeable, borderline rude, and appears unconcerned with what the patient has to say.\n\nOverall: meh.
Food was very good but it took too long for the meal to come out (1hour).  The waiter was very nice.  It's too bad the kitchen isn't fast enough.
My family LOVES to have breakfast here on the weekends.  They have recently renovated the dining area and it is a very pleasant place to spend time together on a relaxed Saturday morning - the food is great!
Was not that impressed by this place.  We had numerous machines eat our quarters. The xbox at the bar was pretty cool though.There's a full bar and dubstep I can't complain about that.   Not sure how often I would want to hang out here but its a fun time.
Yep...definitely coming back here.  Kelly our waitress was such a sweet woman. Got our Cheesy Cheesesteak Club card. :-)
I would recommend Arizona Chimney Sweep in a heartbeat!  I researched many websites for dryer vent cleaning, read reviews on BBB, and finally decided on Arizona\nchimney.  I had 2 townhouses, that needed dryer vent cleaning, and they did a fantastic job.
Awwww. What a cute little park! There is even a little pond...and a softball and football field. So quiet.
this is the best place in town,my burger is always done the way I like it med rare and the service is the best,Thanks
Close to home, acceptable for a quick grocery run... It's a little older and run down but has a decent selection of produce and meats at reasonable prices. If you have time go to the locally-owned AJ's or Bahasas right down the road.
This is my new favorite place to stay!!  ALL of the staff are awesome! So friendly and helpful !  Making reservations for next year!!
The place is a dump.  The service is frequently spotty.  The food is STELLAR!
There is no subway at this location, the map is off
This is a classic breakfast resto in Montreal, also a tourist stop. I had an egg sandwich on pumpernickel, it came with no sides. The wait is very long and frankly I think L'avenue has much better brunch for its value.
This is a good place for a quick snack, or a simple, light lunch.  The soups like Hu Tieu or Bun Rieu are their specialty.  Do not expect much for atmosphere.
I am such a Trader Joes fan, great prices on quality food items that don't contain preservatives and artificial flavors. I always get the help I need from the friendly staff working there.
Love the midwest best sammie on garlic bread. I wish they had more drink options, but other than that I love the taste.
This is a great place to order how YOU want not what they have, change your sandwich to have Green Chili, no problem. Love this restaurant.
Tried to go to the Haunted Harvest and not only were the lines way long and not moving but the server was down and there was zero staff communication about any of it.
I ordered food for delivery. The sushi arrived warm and the avocado was already turning brown. The see yew was the worst I have ever had and tasted nothing like sew yew. The noodles were even all stuck together. Waste of money.
Christina's is so delicioso it makes me want to cry! Seriously. I have brought almost all my immediate family members and friends here to enjoy their authentic, fresh dishes. If I lived in the area (and didn't just work nearby) I would go much more often.
Wasn't too bad. Ordered the crab benedict. Everything else was mediocre. Not much more to say than that. My family and friends ordered a variety of plates but no one really raved about anything.
Every time I make an attempt go eat here they are always closed. I'm not even sure if they are still operating as a regular restaurant or just a banquet hall.  Very disappointing place.
Go here if only for the margaritas, no where else in town comes close. The Margarita de la Casa is AMAZING. They also have a great mole sauce, if that's your thing (it's mine, but I know you either love mole or hate it).
Probably a great school for the right student/faculty members. It just was not for me.
been here a twice on 2 separate trips. Food is good. Service was average. Noise so loud that i couldn't take to the person sitting 2ft from me.
This place is a total dump. The trashy loud-mouthed bar staff keeps the bar full of creepy old men. This is the bar when you walk in all the old guys turn and stare at your girlfriend for 20 minutes straight. The crowd gets pretty ghetto in here at night too. Don't eat anything.
Love the service! I stayed at the studio suite. It is clean and NOT CROWDED! It's just a 8 dollar tax ride from the strip, but with privacy. I don't really have fun in vegas, but this place was pretty awesome.
Now offering free towel dry with #3 or #4 which are $8 and $10. Your simple and mediocre drive thru car wash. At least they aren't trying to sell you on much!
I can't really compare this to any other as I rarely eat it.  It was good.    The caramel flavor tasted more like toffee though.
Cheap. and Nice place if you go to the restaurants , They also have these places in food-courts and the food is about the same. Decent
Drive thru line was not moving at all. Left to In N Out. There were at least 10 cars in line and the parking lot was otherwise empty
solid food, great salads, good service.  comfortable and pleasant setting.. good bang for the buck.  what else do you want?  hot sourdough bread?  they have that too..  super nom nom.     the summerlin location is def mellower than the Town Square location.
Ate ate Popeye at many states, this is not it!\nThe spicy chicken is NOT spicy yet it contains more grease then chicken, purely inedible. no idea how they get away with it in a corporate environment.
7 am & there are 6 dogs on the patio outside my window barking. The staff allowed the barking to go on for 38 minutes. Finally, I had to ask the lovely group of dog walkers to disband. I would rather be at an econolodge.
It's Costco!!!! That should be enough right there. Love going when I'm hungry cause I can mob up on a ton of free samples.
Small hole in the wall place, worth searching for. Limited menu, awesome place if you're craving for ramen.  Small menu, very reasonable.  every time I've been there I had to wait about 15 min.worth the wait
Beckett's continues to delight and amaze me. Favorites are still the grilled cheese and the short ribs, I would give my first born for the seasonal roasted vegetables.\n\nI never make reservations and always get a table within 15 minutes. Wonderful wine list, excellent cocktails. This place does it right.
They took my appt down wrong and didnt include the hair cut. They also put 5 different products in my hair after they washed it. It looked really greasy and weighed down when I left.
I love this restaurant. It has great ambience and the food is wonderful. I particularly love the guacummus (guacamole hummus) sliders. It's a great place to meet friends and colleagues.
I will not go back.  The manicure was painful and they did NOT use sterlized tools.  I will go back to La Femme next time I'm out there.
For $20 food I would rather go to Thai BBQ. The servings here are to small for the price.
A great place to study. Nice table space to lay out your work, quiet music, free wifi, outlets. Only have had their fresh brew coffee. All their sandwiches are under $7 dollar. They also have smoothies, tons of fancy coffee drinks and fresh bakery too.
The guy was nice but it was 2am and although he was thoroughly clean his work was less than satisfactory
Great food and friendly staff.
This place is physically amazing; however, Stephanie in customer service is awful.  She is rude and does not care about taking care of her tenants or their guests.
The worst buffet I think I have ever been to. I walked in, saw the food, then walked out. The food looked disgusting. I tried to taste the tandoori chicken, and it tasted worst than it looked. Do not come here, you will be disappointed.
I grew up eating here so i really like it and the atmosphere is cozy I really like it.
Definitely NOT the original. \n\nI went to the one in Brooklyn, better than the LV one.\nLV one too crispy. They also served another table our salad. Sauce was bland. I like the original better.
I was shocked to see the low ratings about First Watch.  We have been here dozens of times and the food and service have always been top notch.  It is consistently great.  I will continue to support this great breakfast and lunch spot.  Special recognition to the servers-everyone is so friendly, positive and laid back.
Quick and tasty! I love this place! The shrimp fried rice and the beef pepper steak are my faves. Super fast and friendly service.
I love a good Gyro and this place makes them AMAZING! I ordered a traditional Gyro to go and was out the door in less than 5 minutes (good for my lunch break). I plan on going again for lunch today!
You really can't go wrong for the price but its not high end either.  Ribs & Sirloin usually pretty good.
Continuum Health Partners gives a wide range of opportunities to grow ,offers education as well as great benefits.
Had egg drop soup, salt pepper pork chop, lettuce wraps, Chinese broccoli... Wasn't impressed by any of it.
Contacted Elliott's for an emergency service.  They had someone our to us within 30 minutes and the problem fixed right away!   Could not ask for better service.
Steaks were fantastic. Service by Quinn was great. She just seemed very happy and I love that in restaurant staff. We were there too early by Vegas time since the place was empty at 7 p.m. but it was packed when we left.
Very nice atmosphere.  Happy hour prices are reasonable.  The drinks are VERY good!  The place can get pretty busy and they could use a few more servers.  I would go back again.\n\n12/13: service is very, very slow tonight
Reasonable monthly rates.  Good group classes.  Often busy and machines not available for use because people stand around and talk instead of actually using the machine.  Rude front desk staff who do not like to accept guest passes for some reason.
Great bagels....and super yummy coffee.\n\nThe men's bathroom is horrible however and needs to be redone.  Seen better bathrooms in freeway rest stops.
I've been here many times before and it was good enough for us to come back. However, this time I couldn't find any single item that I liked. I tried many different things until I don't want to eat any more. Won't be coming back again for sure.
A good place to go when indecisive on dining. They typical have 2 above average dinner specials each night that can reduce the indecision to a coin flip. The off-label King James brew mix is my personal favorite, but you can't go wrong with most of the selection.
Horrible service...with no respect.  I ordered kalbi dish, the meat tasted over-date, the rice was not fresh.  There were flies flying around, nasty
Great wings but hardly go anymore due to the rising prices:(
Went to AZ for a trip and saw a movie in this theater, looks like this is a local chain. \nI would say that its pretty clean atleast when i went. The screen size is decent and chairs are comfy.
OK bar with decent beer on tap. A significant improvement from what it was before.   If you avoid the 5a7 crowd with Ubisoft across the street its actually not that bad.  But they really need to clean their taps.  The beer tastes dirty.
Pulled pork with Cole slaw Sammy is pretty good!
Delicious - 30 minute wait for a whole pie forced us to grab by the slice ... Not optimal, but all slices were delicious and great, fresh ingredients.
The green tamales were delicious. i walked to the Steamed Tamale because\n i work just  2 minutes away. By the time i got back to the office needless to say the tamales were gone. Worth the trip and reasonably priced. Owner/staff were very friendly. I hope they stay around.
Great selection of pies, but make sure to call ahead and place your order.  They sell out of things and you are guaranteed to get what you want that way.  The husband and I will be trying the green chili pork pot pie tonight.  I hope it is as good as the reviews say!
Tried to go here this morning with directions from GoogleMaps and it was nowhere to be found...I drove around the parking lot for 10 mins looking...maybe I missed it?? Not sure how thats possible...
Staff is snobby and unhelpful, place is nice, their sushi was gross and way overpriced for tasting so horrible will never go back
Way overpriced for what you get.  Check in on Yelp and you get a free bud light, other than that I'd avoid this place.
Food great hours suck not everybody eats before 8 service super slow and most of the time there is just one person cashiering and bussing and delivering food even when they are slammed busy which is why they get 3 stars all of the stars for the food only
Great costumer service! First time getting a massage and I loved it! My husband and I got the couples massage and it was great! They make you feel special and the water they offer you is good(: definitely recommend this place.
Nothing special about our visit.  They fixed a broken iPhone that had a bad screen.  They were friendly.
I love this pizza place! The pizza is a little more gourmet, not like a grab a slice kind of place. The pizza and dessert is delicious!
Love the rooms and the casino\nThe pool area is awesome!!!  I've stayed there every year for the past 16 years.  IMO you can't beat the Hard Rock beds.
food was good. seemed to take longer then usual. Then I say a sign in the lobby that said \"we don't cook it until you order\" not sure if i belivie that but...... anyway
Food...AMAZING...service and \"rules\" of party/seating/etc...meh
Good service and good food. Very very grateful to have this restaurant when I am so far from home
The breakfast was good, but the cleanliness scared me.  When I was leaving, 3 men were standing in line for the women's bathroom.  2 employees were just standing around and talking instead of seeing what was wrong with the men's bathroom.  Instead of standing behind 3 men for the restroom, I left.  Gross.
I found the food to be good, but a bit overpriced.  I liked that they were BYOB.  The atmosphere was fine but nothing amazing.
Been coming here for 5 yrs and it has never disappointed. It's family owned and ran and the food is always so darn good! This is my \"go-to\" place for friends and family if they've never had it before.
Kevin and Tammy seem super nice. Christine has a nasty attitude she does a horrible job. She does not know how to speak to costumers. She really is a b.tch. Tammy had to redo them. Never going back! .
This hotel lodge was excellent. It is Christmas Eve and the service was just excellent. The lady was so sweet and nice working the lobby ..not even giving it a thought but helping and being cheerful! Excellent food and great area!
After being ignored down the street by Arribas Mexican grill, we enjoyed the spicy grilled catfish and the chicken fried steak, it was delicious!
A-Ok in my book. The shop was very close to my hotel and provided me with everything I needed to make it through the day. The self checkout was quick and the produce I bought was fresh. They charge for bags so don't forget to bring your own.
The food was awful. I even found a bug crawling on my dessert couldn't eat after that!! The place was tiny if you like being cramped and eating gross food then this is your place.
I had never made it to this show in 10 years of trips to Vegas, now that I have I wish I had done something else. It is similar to a lame theme park show, maybe good for kids but not worth the time for an adult. If you happen to be walking by, sure stop and watch but don't make a special trip.
Great food, coffee & a pretty spot to enjoy it in. Not a huge fan of breakfast potatoes but theirs are excellent. The rosemary toast is an out of the ordinary treat. Solid pancakes & egg dishes too!  Coffee is self serve & 5 star yummy.
Love this place.  Loved the amazing selection of beer. Lots of TVs. The owner sat and talked with us for a while. New favorite place on mill.
Yes this is a cheap place to stay- but the rooms are not that good.But then again when you are in Vegas you are never in your room. If you are looking better quality in rooms, baths, etc.. this is not the hotel to go to.
I had to go back, the food is so good. I took friends with me and they enjoyed it very much. Great service and good prices. Oh yes had to have the delicious Thai iced tea!! If you like Thai, you'll love this place.
Great, friendly staff, really good food for a bar, and decent drink prices. You can't go wrong here.
I got a chai - it was weak and not flavorful at all.  Other than one corner w/a couch and two leather chairs it is NOT a relaxing atmosphere either, lots of hard kitchen style chairs at small tables.  Not a lot of ambiance.
Waitress was very weird and pretty much unhappy for no reason? Got irritated over asking difference between two beer choices and how much rice we'd get for sharing 5 dishes as a family of 6. We were the only table there besides 1 older couple at the bar. The food was great but the waitress was just not \"with it.\"
Great neighborhood cafe. Pleasant, smiling servers.  Good, hearty food.  Clean, comfortable restaurant.  Just perfect for Saturday breakfast!
Cozy, stylish, good amount of alcohol in drinks.\nThe service could be better.
Okay food.  Number of other guests is often zero - uncomfortable.
Service was great even though they were busy, wine was affordable by the glass, the filet mignon was cooked perfectly (3 of us ordered it), portebello mushroom appetizer was ok on a huge bed of spinach
Seth was super professional and has a great work ethic. He took the time to inspect my car and was super helpful. \n\nI would recommend this location to anyone - especially because you can play pool at Main Street Billiards while you wait :)
Used yelp's 10% off! Very impressed by how good the food is here ;) Only downfall was the plastic utensils and uncomfortable plastic chairs. Atmosphere is like a loft and staff was friendly.  Cant wait to come back and try breakfast!
I love the food! Shawarma wrap is different compared the the usual shawarma I had in the past. Uniquely good. Service is awesome. Our server is very pleasant and knowledgeable about the food.
The best BBQ place in the north Charlotte area. Had pulled pork, cole slaw, sweet potato fries and a corn muffin. All was perfect. Corn muffin rivals my Grandmoms. And that's not a compliment I give out freely.
Best place to eat breakfast in Henderson, especially if you like Benedicts and/or Hashes.  Great for lunch as well, but definitely our favorite breakfast spot in Henderson!  As busy as it always is, they still manage to have great service as well!
They are closed now. :(
***CLOSED*** The sign on the door says they are closed for the summer, but it appears this is another San Tan Valley restaurant that is closed for good.  A second sign talks about an eviction notice.
Slowest customer service in charlotte
Food is good but average in my opinion. Too many menu items. It's hard to do a great on a lot of menu choices. Limited bar options. I could not get a Manhattan, no vermouth!
Pretty much what everyone else says, except it probably isn't even worth seeing once.  No entertainment or educational value whatsoever.  Avoid.
I like the staff at the Walgreens pharmacy, they're helpful and are usually friendly. At times they can be just pleasant but I've got nary a complaint of this location. Overall the store is neat and organized and I am able to pick up items whenever I'm too lazy to stop by Target. =)
The outlet is comparable to the livermore outlets as they are not as big as vacaville or gilroy. You can take the bus from the strip to get here. Nothing too amazing and I would not recommend to go out of your way here unless you have lots of time to kill.
What a great store! So much to look at with reasonable prices. Always find unique finds and friendly help.
I tried the spicy chicken with fried rice and was not impressed at all. They lunch menu was extremely limited. Won't be eating there again
This is a very large buffett, lots to choose from, but unfortunately lacks taste and quality! !
I've been here way more than my 2 check-ins and the staff and service is always excellent. Food is great, the drinks are great. Parking is easy even during peak hours, and the location is convenient no matter where you are in Charlotte. 5 stars here, it's a regular stop.
I was expecting more from a $30 buffet.  The food was pretty good and the desserts were excellent, but there weren't any entrees that wowed me.  Nothing was bad, but for $30, I expect more than \"not bad\".
I stood waiting behind another customer and watched a roach climb along the pass through that connects the kitchen to the ordering area.\n\nNo thanks. You can cancel my order.\n\n2013 #181 / 365
Awesome happy awesome wings (honey hot the best) awesome grinders (special). We are from Seattle moved here in July visited for the first time last night. Sat right away, nice waitress, cheap pitcher ($5 Dos Equis), food came fast, and it was all great!
Stopped by for happy hour on Sunday and everything was great! The bartender was very nice and accommodating. The food here is delicious. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in old town.
Great food, great service, great ambiance.
These guys did a GREAT job on the wall of windows we have in the lunchroom where I work. That afternoon sun doesn't bake thru the room anymore  They are fast, efficient and friendly. Great job Bugsy's!  Five Stars
The menu changes everyday, which makes it tough when you find something you like! We had a liver and heart pate (Tasty, it reminded me of Liverwurst) For dinner I had the 1/2 Chicken (Great), it came with a spaetzle and mushroom side (Great!)
Good stuff here.  Very authentic and a few different items you won't find in mainstream Mexican food. The Poquito bean and cheese burrito is grilled on the outside to finish - delicious.
Beer lines need cleaning!\nOverpriced for what you get...\nSome good seats upstairs.
Food is good, atmosphere is non existent and the chairs are really uncomfortable.  Better to take out than to eat in.
Nothing special here, burgers were not anything out of the ordinary. And for the price....Thanks but no thanks, i will stick to making my own.
The perfect place to grab something sweet after an amazing dinner at Prime!  We stopped in last night and I thoroughly enjoyed the Oreo gelato...so creamy and delicious!  Friendly staff, great selection of gelato and beautiful pastries as well.
they always do great job! Love this place and all the staff here are friendly!
Great sandwiches. Just a lil pricey
This place is great for boarding!  The techs remember my dog and always go the extra mile to accomodate her needs.  The office is very clean and prices are good.
VERY pricey. i would have rather gone to a buffet.\nYou will leave here hungry thats forsure. The yellowtail the waiter kept raving about, was very good. but thats about it.and i wouldnt pay $25 for it again.
The restaurant is lovely and the food is excellent. The presentation and portion sizes recall nouvelle cousine. If you are someone who doesn't mind small portions priced way high, this restaurant is for you.
My meal (typical burger) was actually pretty good, the reason this place get's a 2 star is that it was over-priced and it was pretty busy/noisy.  I have been back to Vegas since and didn't go back to Diablo's.  To many other options I guess.
Grand Lux Cafe never fails.\n I would reccommend trying the breakfast buffet! $15 a person. Fresh breakfast and delicious omelettes to your liking!\n\nLarge portions so if you;'re ordering appetizers make sure you share!
Mike was our server he was knowledgeable great personality very attentive the food and his service was awesome.  We will definitely be back and ask for him.
Meh at best. This place is always pretty slow and now I know why. Over priced and not that good. Do yourself a favor and go to Jersey Mike's!
Pros: the food taste is really good\nThe food is fresh\n\nCons: they took long time to bring the food
Always great food and service, but decor kinda dated
No bueno, nothing to write home about. I prefer US EGG or good egg . Had Biscuit and gravy , and it was ok. Inquired about corn beef hash and it's from a Flippin can.
Creations in Cuisine catered my wedding in September.  We had a burger bar set up. The burgers were under cooked, there were no vegan options as we requested, and they ran out of food for our guest. Simply put, we were not satisfied.
Excellent steak and service. Not quite up to Cut but very good I think the quality of the meat at Cut is higher but this is a top notch steak house
Sublime Spanish Tapas and what a lovely space! Very cozy and inviting. Definitely a highlight of our holiday travels.
The owner is such a sweet guy!\nVery personable, he knows everyone's clients as if they were his own. Leo is an incredible nail tech. He's very accommodating and underatanding when it comes to times and schedules. I would highly highly recommend Lish Nail Salon. :)
The best place to go for a mid-day pick me up. I love their banana Nutella one. It's not too sweet, just right. You can also try their smoothies, which are the same price as the Beaver Tails (probably a better deal 'cause you get actual fruits instead of sugar).
Great spot for a birthday party, especially in the summer.  Great rides and the roller coaster...that's fast!!!
Worst bar in Tempe. They don't even know how to make a Long Island Iced Tea. Enough said.
Clean, tastefully appointed dining room, helpful, friendly (and not too intrusive) service, and most importantly good food at reasonable prices. Not many sushi places in Phoenix get our thumbs-up.
Nice to find this place for cheap eats when you don't want McDonalds or the equivalent... this is good food for a reasonable price.  Order at one register then take your receipt to the other side to pay.  Muffins and other baked goods are pretty good too.
Gross food. Everything was overcooked and flavorless. Spend the extra $3 and go to the Aria buffet instead
Had the Tagliolube with peas and ham. Probably the worse i have ever tasted. My friends veal parmegane tasted like like shoe leather. The equivelant of Olive Garden or less.
Really good food at the given price. If you're looking for cheap, good Mexican, this is the place to go to. Will definitely go back.
I have been a patient of Dr Dameron for over 10 years and never have I been treated rudely until today. I am appalled over the way Sabrina, the Doctors assistant, spoke to me on the phone. I will be seeking a new dentist.
great ribs & chicken at terrific prices. I love their side dishes (sweet potatoes).
Came in for lunch on a Sunday and ordered the lobster roll. First serving was burnt and rock hard.  Second serving was edible but mostly bread.  I cannot recommend.
Never been to this restaurant- good food and good service!! Had fish and chips- great quality. Will return!!
Sad excuse for a cheesesteak. They used only a drop of cheese.  The meat was also dry.  It was supposed to have mushrooms.  I saw two in the entire sandwich.  While the sandwich was dry the bread was dripping in grease. \n\nThe people who worked there were nice though!
Mediocre at best. The yellowtail sashimi was good, but the tuna and salmon tasted refrigerated for quite a while. Did not taste fresh. And 32 bucks for a low quality sashimi special is a lot too expensive. Give me fresh sashimi and I'll be ok with that price.
This place sucks! I would have given it negative 5 stars if possible! How can you review the food if you've been waiting for almost an hour an have barely received your water! Don't waste your time. Servers don't care and check up on you either!
Michelle is the most caring, intelligent, awesome lawyer along with Marjorie. They are super caring and super intuitive and will address all aspects of your needs with compassion, intellect and even humor(unusual for lawyers!) They can help you in all aspects of family law!!!
Wasn't given the advertised price on the daily special.  Staff was friendly, food was bland and less then average.  Was the only patron in the building and my one to go order was missing a side I specifically asked for.   Location was nice but very small.  Ate there once before and really enjoyed the smoked potato salad with bacon.
I often crave for their tonkotsu ramen! The soup is so full of taste and creamy! No other ramen places can top that! The texture of the ramen is great too! Took a few friends there on several occasions and not once I did not hear compliments. Wish the place was bigger though.
Keeping my 4 stars here.  Just wanted to add that I have had a couple of Sunday brunches here.  You can do bottomless mimosas for $18 and they open at 9:30am!  Everything I've had is tasty and the staff is always very nice.  I'll keep heading back here.
This is a great place to go when you want something quick but don't want to put fast food in your body. This is quality food without spending an hour and a half getting a meal. They also add a seasonal or new dish quite often so there is always something new to try. Think these would do well in CA. They should expand.
-got takeout from here late at night\n\n-they specialize in specialty rolls (you know the ones with all sorts of fish and different sauces covering them)\n\n-would come here again if I was staying at hard rock\n\n-parking lot is kind of busy
veryy good stuffs!!!! love it
LOVE this place!\n\nService=5 star\nDecor=5 star\nFood=5 star\n\nSuch a hidden gem in the southwest valley. If you enjoy fresh Japanese food done right, do yourself a favor and check this place out. It's phenomenal.
I love coming here! The staff is fantastic, there's a huge chalkboard wall, candy, ice cream, shaved ice, drinks, plus water and ice of course. It's an amazing atmosphere. They have a wall filled with photos of customers. Best place to get great tasting water!
Horrible disgusting food will never eat here again regardless if Man vs. Food thinks it's legit WRONG!
An above average gym (at least downtown). New equipment, friendly staff, not very crowded. Steam room never seems to be working but all-in-all, recommended.\n\nBonus - membership gives you access to pool out in Fitchburg.
Meh.  The food was just ok.  I guess I expected a bit more flavor from the tenders and maybe a variety of different dipping sauces to choose from for my tenders.  Cane's own sauce was ok.  My kids did not care for it.  The Texas toast and fries were good.
Happy Hour is so good here, great atmosphere, great food and drinks, love this place, definitely would recommend this place
I love this place. Great decor, friendly staff and amazing food and drink. Their coffee is delicious and they make a great Old fashioned. I love stopping here when I am in the area. This place is doing it right and I hope they continue with what they are doing. I am a fan.
Do NOT do business here! The agents can swindle their vendors and the broker could care less about returning your calls.
Consistently the worst line management in the grocery industry. Take the extra mile go to Warner and Cooper for King Soopers
Good food and customer service but EXPENSIVE for what you get.
Unfortunately I am having the same issues as many others have had with this company. I purchased the living social deal and what a waste of money. I have been unable to reach anyone from the company and living social is only refunding credit to purchase from their website.
Just a few mins walk from the Hilton where we were staying. Food was okay, but atmosphere, service and music great. Had a really good evening with friends.
Stopped in after touring Taliesin West.  Great, great SW food.  Tuesday Taco special was really good -- good price and lovely flavors.  Margarita was excellent also.  Good for a quick bite to eat.  My husband had one of the plate specials and was too much for him to eat!
Great pizza, excellent quality, good prices and always, always super friendly service; by everyone. Owner is all about supporting the community, such a great quality!!
Party of three. Ordered the Guiness stew, shepherds pie, and corned beef. It wasn't bad but also not great. Pretty much like a meal you would cook for yourself at home: good, but not worth $70.
I would've given a 5 star, but the cleanliness isn't always up to par. The food is delicious. The price is very good for the amount of food you get.
Great food, great service. Chicken tikka was awesome with fresh peppers. Iced tea had a surprising and refreshingly different flavor.
I got my Eyebrows Done last week. I was so disappointed from the service. They don't even greet you, They are every rude and don't care even if they mess up with your eyebrows.. I would suggest people.. Please don't go to this location.. Horrible experience:(
Great job, awesome prices, lovely staff!
Best burger I've ever had! Great service and location.
the sauces are top notch but the ribs have no meat on them. How skimpy can they be that they get the cheapest, least meaty ribs out there. What a bummer! This was based on a visit the spring of 2013.
My daughter ordered garlic parmesan boneless wings and received original tame. As this was a to go order she didn't go back to get this rectified.  Way too much money for the wrong stuff!
Um, EWWW!! Whatever they gave me between that bun was definitely not a good burger. Ick!
Appearance is best\nThe drinks and food don't live up\nTo expectations.\n\n\n(b)
I love love this place! Friendly service and amazing food! Love the steak pita and their chicken is so tender. Highly recommend.
I thought people came to Las Vegas for good food but I was extremely disappointed by this Tapas bar. Yea sure the happy hour is good but the food sure isn't. \n\nAll I can say is PASS. And go to Mi Luna in Houston, Texas.
Basic diner quality, nothing too remarkable. Being a small family run outfit I'd expect them to really wow you with a dish or two. Fingers crossed they try something bold. Right now its destined to serve blue hairs. Don't get me wrong, this place still kicks the shit out of a Denny's.
Great Staff, Great food, great selection of Beers and Alcohol. This could very easily become my second home.
Although this is my favorite wing place, this location has got to be the worst. The parking lot is jammed packed and has tight spaces. This location is small and very dark inside. No music no friendly people kinda freaky. I recommend going to the one on Craig Road.
Best take out Chinese in San tan valley.  I've had noodles, soup, apps, main dishes, and everything has been good.  It's not a sit down type place (but you can).  I rated this for what it is, good take away Chinese food.
I've been here 3 times cause I bought 3 Living Social deals. The food is just ok. The service is pretty good. It's kinda in the ghetto. The restrooms are located in the creepy motel across the parking lot.
the food was better than i though and it was cheap. come here of you are not picky, if you know real mexican food you are going to be dissapointed but for the price what the heck
Not McDonald's fast but still faster then In-N-Out yet amazingly good. Don't have a very good side selection at all. The woman who took our order was... eccentric and would be oblivious of who Emily Post is but was still charming and efficient.
A bit pricey but the food and service were both very good. House salad, steak, roast chicken and the desserts had no complainers. The waitress was a real sweetie and she didn't fuss one bit when we kept asking her for more fresh bread.....over and over again! :O)
Absolutely one of the best breakfast places! Delicious food and fun atmosphere. Servers in pj's and \"pot of bread\" cinnamon rolls are a great touch. Try the \"cinnamon toast crunch French toast\"!
Ran out of glazed donuts and offered no compensation for my drive.  Bad management decisions.
I have bought several guns and accessories from these guys. They are always on top of their game with their knowledge of the product they sell and always make you feel like you are important. Their selection is really good and their prices very fair. It is nice walking in and being treated like you have been going there for years.
First time here and a great experience! Service great, food great, and the pumpkin cheesecake is amaze balls!! They have their own pastry chef in house which seems to make all the difference. My wife had the lobster covered tilapia which was better then my balsamic salmon. Coming here again
This is my coffee place. Should be open later.
Hanging out with my family for a brunch,\nIt is a great place to spend time together, I enjoyed my breakfast burrito! Also they enjoyed their Baby Chick Skillet, the Mexican Skillet & the Strawberry Pancake. Price is okay!
The falafel pita was ok, nothing special. The pita chips were soft and soaked with oil (I could squeeze out the oil). Overall it was disappointing. Pita Jungle tastes better and is healthier, and costs about the same.
Bar none the best breakfast in Pittsburgh. I know of no other place where you can get the quantity and quality of food available from Grandma B's.  Get the monster fish sandwich!
The food is super good, the wait is super bad!
Such friendly staff!  I figured they'd be sick and tired of tourists, but everyone proved me wrong.  Great security, clean rooms, good prices.  I highly recommend this hotel.
I think the pasta is fairly similar to what you will find at Noodles, but the cool thing is that you can customize a dish in any way that you would like.  They have pizza and sandwiches as well although I have not sampled either of those items.  It's fine if you are looking for something fast and easy.
Friendly staff and clean and open layout. Food is pretty average. This is basically a Chipolte knock off with a bar.
Derek, while I cannot agree with your \"above and beyond\" claim, I can confirm that we have come to a satisfactory resolution with Green Street.
Sign on the door said something a about the lease. Not sure if closure is permanent.
Expensive and small selection. But if you a candy fiend like me, you'll pay anything for a fix. This place is fine in a pinch and service is friendly.
Always have great things to say BUT. If you're going to close at 7:45 then thats what should be posted on your sign not 8:00.  Its a burrito. It'll take about 4 minutes to cook
The waiter last night sucked a big one. 08/05/2011 \n\nI'll never go back. Too bad because its just around the corner from me and we used to be regulars.
Ordered a cookie cake for my boyfriend as we are long distance. For the price, I did not expect him to receive it burnt with extremely sloppy icing. The cookie cake was unacceptable. Will never order from here again.
This place is ghetto.
one of the bigger sports books I've seen.  Ton of TV's but I will say the wait staff is few and far between to be found on busy events.  They do have a cash bar in the middle.  Cant complain....great casino/hotel.  The sportsbook is also directly across from the lion habitat
Always slow first time I came here the filet minion kabob was on point second time around not so great but friendly staff worth a try
The wings are awesome, I'll give them that.  But it's in a bad location and reminds you that bar in movies where something is about to go down.\n\nMy advice, get the wings to go and get out while the getting is good.
food was okay, huge portions. however, last time we went it was an hour wait...so we went down the street to OPH. it's ok if there is no wait, but an hour is way too much for what it is.
Ahh Sun City: population who cares...the place you live to die.  This food is for the dying soul.  so if you're ready to go....itadakimasu! (japanese for bon appetite)
Um no. Avoid at all costs. Don't buy into the name. I walk in and everyone is standing around watching some loudmouth chick dance on the bar while she yells and you to buy drinks. No thanks! Bye, Felicia.
Too bad. Never come back for $50 and nothing to eat at all. Meat is not good and not many different kinds to choose
The food was good, but the service was horrible. The waitress didn't even want to tell us what they offered to drink. Everyone, including the chefs were rude. Definitely not worth $40 for two people. Won't be getting my business again.
Love this place.  I don't think I tried anything I didn't like.  My favorite were the bacon wrapped dates, yum!  Service was a tad spotty, some things came out quick, while others did not.  It can get a tad bit noisy, especially on a Friday or Saturday night.  I will definitely be back.
Stop here every time I'm in town. Order a beer - half cider half bud light. Amazing appetizers. All menu items are priced fairly and taste amazing. Great pretzel bites. \nbring a jacket - they run the AC on high all year
Too crowded, too Many things on the menu can't figure out what all is there. Decent food. Maybe I'll come again? Not sure
Delicious, authentic, made with tons of love; family owned... Need I say more? Go! You will not regret it!
Food is bar food nothing great. But it is a good time. Karaoke was fun if you know your songs from the 70s and 80s. Fun crowd that just wants to sing and drink no drama
I've never eaten here but have been here for the drinks and music. This place is always beyond packed so my husband and i decided to check it out. It's a nice venue with nice staff. What I don't care for is the music. If you love top 40s, then this is your place to be.
The Brioche French Toast looked better but can't complain about the pancakes!  I liked the vibe and design of the place.  Great low key breakfast spot.
My wife got the Irish Soda Bread as this is her favorite.  We have not been back since.
I would never giver a star on this location. Very unprofessional people works at the printing. They should be fired in my vocabulary. I'm front the east coast and I mean business. I was there 11/24/14 at 9:45 am. Calling store manager....
Really liked the Chicken Pita sub here
It was OK. Service was friendly, but slow. Food was OK, but I don't think it was a good value.
We live in California, so we don't get to eat at this restaurant often. When ever we in Las Vegas, we make sure we stop by at least once before we come home.  We loved the Boat Noodle, Beef salad they the best
Came highly recommended. Roach climbed up wall behind while eating toro. Didn't seem to bother anyone else.
This place is ok. The people who work there are amazing though. They love what they do and they enjoy helping you. They have a great comic book selection however, I wish they carried more toys. \n\nSadly, this placed is owned by a guy who only cares about profit and not customer service. Kind of a jerk.
3.5 stars for this place.  nice, refined atmosphere, nice view of the mountain/waterfall thing.  great crab appetizer (crab prepared 4 ways).  steak was very whatever though.  3.5 star for this palce because i didnt spend a penny.  but id take ruths chris over this place anyday.
Overpriced and average food at best.
I don't understand why people wait for this lousy pizza.  Ordered half mushoom/pepperoni.  I swear the mushrooms were from a can and hardly any pepperoni.  I personally have eaten better pizza from a box.  It used to be better , but not anymore.  I have banned this restaurant.
Best grilled chicken burger in the world.. fries was good and their ranch dressing is like nowhere else.. delicious and it's only $6.. thumbs up
I went to Jupe to get a gift for my girlfriend.  The store is small but has a ton of different styles of clothing and the staff was more than willing to help me out.  In the end she loved her gift - making it a successful trip.
Excellent appearance of completely tasteless food.  I went in pretty hungry and the large plate I got was really bland and the ingredients themselves appeared colorful, large and appetizing but Zero flavor!
Had a pitcher outside and people-watched for an hour. \n\nLots of outdoor seating which is good but I didn't check out the inside or try any of the food.
Food is amazing and they make it to where u can choose your level of spice and I like it spicy. Best off all they deliver which is hard to get by a quality place.
Chicken and Dumplings were fantastic...great feel.  Awesome place for lunch. Fast efficient service.
Ran in on lunch, grabbed a Moo Goo Gai Pan lunch special with brown rice. It was delicious and a great price at $5.99. I'll be back in.
Really cute little restaurant tucked away in downtown Scottsdale. Somewhat expensive but great unique dishes, beautiful outdoor seating and wonderful service. Nice wine list too.
By far THE BEST Chinese food in town. The Lo Mein is probably the most tasteful I've ever had. My wife says it's because the recipes are from New York; whatever the reason, this place has spoiled me. I won't go anywhere else!
The owner of Key Realty School, Michael, contacted me today through Yelp and did his best to make up for what happened 10 months ago. It has left me feeling a lot better about Key Realty School.
Love coming here! The pizza is great, all the ingredients taste fresh and delicious. The wine pairings are awesome and the service is wonderful. I really don't have a single bad thing to say about it. Go try it out, I'm sure once you do it will become a part of your regular date night rotation.
Had the chicken pad thai.  The noodles were overdone, the chicken was gross (not sure what other word to use for it), and the sauce was sickeningly sweet.  Wouldn't go back.
I base my rating on the first and last impression of this venue. Parking. Plan for an hour to get in and at least an hour to get out. We will never be back. This venue should be embarrased. Venues double the size can get patrons in and out faster.
Last couple times I came here food wasn't so great. Or service for that matter. Go to Flemings instead.
Best. Steak. Sandwiches. Ever. Seriously! Delicious good, great atmosphere and friendly staff. You also get $1 off if you check in on Yelp! Who doesn't like discounts? Food was very reasonably priced as well. Definitely one of the better places to eat in Vegas!
Love the staff they're awesome! Clean expertly done nails. Jenny does a mean mani and peni, she doesn't rush and brings a crusty foot back to life! They're all extremely creative and personable.
What can you really expect from an airport chinese place....really?!
terrible service\uff0clong time waiting, very few noodle\uff0cand hard parking. There is no reason go there again!
The food was extremely disappointing. We ordered linguini with clams and I'm pretty sure they were canned clams. The service was ok. Young, inexperienced servers with a ton of enthusiasm who didn't know the difference between black pepper and chili pepper flakes.
Good view from the upstairs. Came on a Friday night and it was dead. The Service was below average.
Decent food and good service but way over priced fit what it was. Price fix was an ok deal; wine pairings were a steal based on normal prices and delivered via healthy tableside pour.  More of a nicer hotel restaurant than a special occasion place. Maybe this experience was bent because we went for dinner, not brunch?
Friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere,and healthy menu options make this place a great choice any time of the day.
I heard and read so many good things about this buffet and the crablegs. i was not impressed what so ever! The crablegs are on ice! I mean really, on ice? I like my seafood hot! My husband had a few different things but overall we were not impressed at all.
This place has changed now.  I believe there was a change of ownership and it's just different overall.  Been there once since the change and will not go back.  Not the same anymore.  NO PRIME BEEF?!  Go to AJ's and sometimes Costco for better beef.
Very crowded and somehwat loud but the service was quite friendly and efficient. We've only tried the sandwiches and salads there and they were exquisitely prepared. Very West Coast, not too much food but high on quality and superior in taste. Ice cream was above average. A good stand-by for brunch.
Lots of hustle and bustle. Live music Friday and Saturday nights. The guy that plays the music on Saturday night is ridiculously talented. I'm going to go there some Saturday night just to eat pretzels with the cheese fondue and listen to that guy perform.
It's pretty good, just a little crowded.
The staff at this shore could not be nicer.  They gave me a wonderful sample with toppings, which convinced me not only to change my mind about my flavor, but also to return the next night.  Great service and a great product!
Outstanding wagyu beef. Great wine list and the best peanut butter chocolate dessert on earth!!
We prolly should have come in a lot earlier.  First available table was right by the door.  It was pretty cold the whole time we ate.  Food was great but since it was so busy our wait service wasn't that great. I'd definitely still come here again but this time was so-so.
This place is magical. Super spacious, chill vibe and delicious food. I had the pear and raspberry pie warmed up and the bacon and jalape\u00f1o mac&cheese, it was EPIC.!
Very unsatisfied. After several comments and notes given- they failed to deliver my roommates and my food at the same time. Both orders of food were room temperature and therefore soggy. No napkins or utensils were given to us. Waste of $40- completely.
My food was very good, albeit the menu is somewhat limited.  The wine list leaves a lot to be desired - too many low end wines at big markups and several very high end wines.
Wasn't clean and flies all over the place. Placed an order for wife but I don't think their customer service is that great. Lady wasn't that friendly.
Although I didn't like my hair cut and she did cut my hair 1 inch shorter on my bangs!!! I ended up appreciating it more than most \"bad cuts\". Although I didn't enjoy the process..
I grew up going to the Benihana's, the one in Ontario California, and I have to say this Benihana's is absolutely horrid. The service is crap and the menu is missing some items ( beef and shrimp yakisoba). They are also only open for dinner. Never ever coming back.
Brian in the bar was awesome. Never forgot anything even though we know he was busy. Most of us work at yard house and we feel we got great service. We had a great time.
Not so fabulous, this place has really gone downhill and I mean both locations on the west side. If I pay u $45 why do I have to finish detailing my car myself? Plus they managed to destroy my ignition button, they scratched the letters off, very disappointed
I got sick eating this food.. DONT EAT HERE.. my wifes co workers had the same experience
Yeeeeehawww, well the wait was not worth the food.  Sorry Gilley's
Fun trip, convenient pick up and drop off, LOTS of information from our tour guide/driver Larry. Such a fun day. We experienced rain and snow along the way, beautiful Sedona, and stopped at the reservation on the way back.  Definitely book your GC trip with Detours!!
I ordered some Stromboli and all I got was bread for $8. Where is the filling? very disappointed in what I got . If you plan on staying in business in this town with 2 other pizza places you have better do better then that.  Pizza is over priced to begin with but you should get your moneys worth.
It was great, my burger was $13 with onion rings. The onion rings were too crunchy. I have had better. The atmosphere is definately nice though. Like a picknick at every table. I would go at least once. But not again because of the price.
Chicken Korma Curry -\nAMAZING flavor!  Stopped in for a quick lunch and had Korma Curry on our mind.  The buffet looked wonderful - seven days a week til 4:00 for $7.99 - will try next time!
Had a great dinner tonight. Good atmosphere. Decent service and the food was pretty good.
It's alright I guess. My bun bo hue was a touch too bland and my friends basil pork thing was several touches blander. All the more curious because the chicken larb was pretty solid tasting and flavorful.
Went here last nite. I had veal which was tasteless. There were three of us and each agreed the the food was dissapointing. The location is amazing and would imagine they survive by new customers. I wouldn't think locals would come back here.
The food and service was great . The meat sauce was amazing. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is we dined outside on the patio and the ash trays for smokers are rite there in front of the doors and patio. So we got to enjoy cigarette and cigar smoke while eating.
...and they're closed.  Couldn't have happened to a more deserving group of people.  Found out the chef that told me he was the owner was NOT the owner.  Found out he left less than a month after this incident.  The restaurant closed less than four months after that.  Good riddance!
Gourmet specialty store conveniently located in heart of Montreal, carries a varied range of cheeses, meats, deli, bakery, desserts, and more. One stop shop if you are hosting a party. Did I mention the cheeses and bakery?
Nothing to rave about here, especially for the price.  I don't eat much seafood though so that could have been good.  I did try the sea bass but it didn't turn me into a fan.
Dr. Raja is a nice enough guy but he is SLOW in getting you in for an appointment and slow in getting you back for a follow up to work you had completed.  \n\nIf you are looking for a diagnosis from him for a condition be prepared for it to take many months.
Eh....so it's not the best quality. But hell, if you want a cheap meal and you're staying there, just go for it.
I really love jimmy johns and most locations are 'freaky fast' as they should be... But NOT this location! Every time I order from this locations it takes from 45 minutes to an hour to deliver (Note that I live 0.7mi from the location). Other than that, sandwiches are real good!
Ugly exterior. Nicer than expected interior. Stay here as cheaper get away experience, does the job I suppose. Didn't stay here, visited a friend. That's pretty it.
Slow and super expensive, even for the airport. $8 for hotdog, $11 for a burger and fries are an extra $3. Took 10 minutes to get my food and there wasn't even a line.
Fantastic tortas!  And very clean and pleasing eat-in dining area.  Great for a quick lunch.  The owner is friendly and welcoming.  Home cooked feel.
Walked out today. Cashier was more interested in flirting with the guy in front of me than all the other customers.   Everyone on today were more wanting to talk than work.   Complete waste of time to got there today.
Ricardo's did not disappoint! The chips & salsa were amazing....the servers were extremely helpful & attentive. But more importantly, the food was excellent! I would highly recommend this restaurant if you want great food away from the craziness of being on the strip!
Just another liberal bias rag.   It's only redeeming use, is for lining bird cages and starting fires.
I love this place. We have followed this chef from his 1 st restaurant in Phoenix to Sens to here. The food is awesome and fresh with a funky atmosphere!  Have to try the Sakatini's!
Great ambience and service, but the steaks really weren't all that great.  The place at the Rio is much, much better
For a \"High End\" joint, this place leaves you in want. Move on.
First off the seating was terrible. If you weren't on the correct side of the table, you're gonna end up twisting to see the stage.\n\nThe show was very entertaining, and I think all of the Divas did a fantastic job.
Had the German chocolate cupcake, dry on top pretty moist below the muffin paper and the taste was just fair. My wife has yet to try her chocolate buttercream so will let you know later today.
The location is great. Fresh brew iced tea would be welcome. The menu is fine, but I think that they could review what is on it and see what could be tweaked, improved or refined.
I LOVE the food here, you can make your own stuff, combination, veggies and stuff.  delicious! the FOOD is great,\n\nThe service however, could be better, faster and more attentive.\n\nRonney
I just love this place!  I took the family here for breakfast before heading to the airport for our annual trip to Disney and the food and service was great as usual.  Donna was our server and was very friendly and made our breakfast extra special.  Definitely will return!!!
What a beautiful spot to walk around. It amazes me that we live so close to such natural splendor.\n\nScottsdale did a really nice job with this preserve. I like the different degrees of difficulty they have clearly marked. I took the easy trail... and enjoyed myself.
Hello...it's Dairy Queen!!! #TeamOreoBlizzard
Food was decent but the place was filthy. All trash receptacles were full...gross! No clean tables because people couldn't throw their trash away, so they left it on the table!
This is a big mall and its hard to remember where all the stores are and its tricky to navigate around the many different levels of this place.  The stores are in general all nice though and the environment is clean.  Definitely more on the side of \"high-end\" stores.
Not sure why the hotel recommended this loud crowded firetrap.
Great WI fare. Friendly staff and nice location on the Square, looking at the Capitol lawn.
Very dirty place.\nThe bussers stroll around with big smelly carts with food leftovers between the tables to collect dirty dishes. DISGUSTING!! \n\nThe food is mediocre at best.
We all came back here again for my parents 40 year wedding anniversary.  These guys are great!! The food is superb as ever. Cooked on order and fresh. It was like eating mama's cooking at home. We love this place.
This place was wicked wild. The best part, is when I showed up a Miamian (who I knew) was currently running the gig. So it made it even more awesome! Definitely check it out if you in Vegas. Get there early to snag a green pool chair!
My wife made an appointment for our son to see a Doctor and was given a Physician's assistant. The PA prescribed a tetracycline without telling my son that this would make him more receptive to a sunburn and did not describe the proper way to deal with acne. Bait and switch, stay away!!
I love getting their $5 off $20 coupon in the mail. Everytime I come here I spend at least that much on their specials, fresh fruit or premade meals. And if you forget your $5 off coupon, a friendly face worker will gladly give you one.
Meh. If you have a 2for1 or some other discount it's o.k., but otherwise not worth it. Food is fair and selection is slim.
Conveniently, the change machine has not been working for months and months as I was told by a customer. Want to know why? Because the extra money on a useless card that you can't use goes to the owner. Shady
Lovely place. It was slow on Saturday morning. But my nail tech was in such a hurry to finish my gel nails and they look like they were done in a rush ;(  they look like I painted them myself which defies the purpose of having them done by a professional! I will try the nail salon across the street next time.
The name says it all, Fresh and Easy!  The meals ready to cook are all pretty awesome. The staff is super nice and helpful.
Ordered fettuccine Alfredo and the sauce was completely separated. It looked like butter and curdled cheese. I would not recommend this place.
Excellent food. Too bad the service here is so horrible that I probably won't be coming back. Ever. And forget a recommendation, unless you want me to tell you about the dozens of restaurants in walking distance that'll shame this place. It's good for take-out, though.
Best kungpow chicken I ever had. But took off a star cuss should needed a lot of salt
Drive thru is slooooooow, inside is slooooooow. I could roast my own beans by the the time it takes to get a drink here.  There can be 4 cars in the drive thru and its 10-15 min some days!
Best breakfast in Montreal, period.\nGreat location,\nGreat service.\nAmazing sugar bacon!!\n\nBut the lemon mascarpone pancakes were melt in your mouth fantastic!\n\nGreat find.
Had a great time with a bachelor party. Our guide, Fernando, was great, especially when we got stuck or stalled out. We were a little delayed getting started and he gave us some extra time at no cost. Definitely a good activity off the strip.
Great Panini's. Stop here and get the grilled chicken. It was awesome.
The large pizza and the five dollar pizza are two different pizzas do yourself a favor and order the New York pizza it's pretty good
Just needs beer/wine and a menu you can read
great beer selection!
Tasty frozen drinks and quarter blackjack. Your hands get all AIDSY from the coins, but a fun place overall!
Waste of money, makes me embarrassed for Las Vegas.  Very overpriced, poor low quality choices, the crab looks like it was frozen.  It's junk.
It was meh. Over priced and very small portions. Said live music and we went on s Friday night and it was very quiet. The food was ok in flavor nothing spectacular. I think this is one of the tourist trap places.
I've probably shopped here 10 times in the last 2 years and have always had great service and I really enjoy the selection of women's running and beer-drinking, uh....I mean, yoga clothes.  If I have a return or exchange it's always been taken care of quickly and with a smile.  No complaints.
Joshua did a fantastic job for our wedding! He is organized, punctual and professional. He makes a stressful day go by with ease. I highly recommend him- you will will be impressed by his talent and his reasonable prices.
6/8/12.  Poor menu selection.  Menus falling apart. Tired looking place.  Undergoing renovation, too bad menu wasn't.  Sides served in plastic cups ala Costco. Very pricy for the quality.
Can't beat the customer service here.  Daniel was friendly and super helpful.   Helped me pick out my headlight and tail light bulbs and installed them within ten minutes without any hassle.  Greatly appreciated!
Great food, service & atmosphere. Arrive after 9pm or later Thurs-Sat to really get a true feel of the pre club atmosphere. Expensive but food & eye candy well worth it.
The food is good but the service is miserably slow. I go there for lunch on occasion and each time it takes over an hour and I come back late.
Very clean and bright inside with friendly staff. Everything we got was positively dripping in grease. The burgers were okay, but I wanted to wash my hands the second that I finished. Good Oreo milkshake, too.
This place has a long wait on weekends, you also have to stand in line, but is well worth it !  Great Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail ! Seafood Creole, very spicy, is to die for !  Very YUMMY !
The Sandwhich I Am is amazing! Hash browns are addicting! Get the pancake flight. Great service and awesome decor. This is a HUGE plus for our neighborhood. Will continue to go back
Must have picked an off night because I had one of the worst steaks of my life. The bartenders were great. I see a lot of positives on here, so I'll just chalk it up to a bad night. Haven't left my room since, if you catch my drift.
A New Yorkers kind of supermarket. They carry Boar's Head and alot of brands found on the east coast. If your a trans plant from ny you will love this place.
Came here on a Sunday night for the first time.  We got comped drinks for an hour.  They played hip hop, the dance floor was small & crowded.  We ended up staying in one spot, got buzzed and left for XS.
My family and I have been to this location several times and it's always an adventure. The staff seems clueless about their jobs, they mess the order up and they have no regard that the customer is watching all of this. I need to find a different location and let the keystone cops have this location
Restaurant is not bad except the hostess are rude and give off negative energy.  They wouldn't seat mynparty because I missing one person and was very rude about it.  I almost took off to another place.
Was catching an early morning flight and this place was a life saver. The burritos were made fresh and they had quite some options to choose. I had to grab one fast before the flight and the service was quick and super easy. I would recommend this place for pit stoppers at Phoenix airport.
First time here, great service and authentic food. I got the chicken kabob salad and the salad is delicious and the chicken hot and tasty.
Great selection of all the stuff I need (mags, holsters, ammo, etc.). Very friendly staff. Never shot here, but here good things about it. Lots of selections to choose from.
It was ok. Nice concept but it took 30.00 to get in and then your kind of commited to stay and get your moneys worth.
What can I say, you get what you pay for... its ansuper 8 so my expectations weren't high but the rooms were visually clean and staff seemed friendly... very small room with king size bed and older tv
Great customer service!  Loved the complete outcome. Gave me a whole new pair of feet lol highly recommended (:
Not really worth it. Just paying for location
Always hot, always tasty, I love my large stuffed crust pepperoni and pineapple with jalape\u00f1os pizza and a side of spicy BBQ wings. Only complaint is they don't put enough pineapple on it. Also, I hate their app
Horrible, hamburger... I was not happy one bit. The booths are tight and the food is mediocre. Sorry I am being honest. The onion rings were not that great either.
I'll give Ghostbar inside the The Palms Hotel and Casino, three stars. I had a great time, good music selection, nice bar, and sleek design especially the fire that shoots out atop the dance floor.
Very friendly staff. Food is homemade and tastes great. Prices are great.
Ordered Mike's veggie sandwich, probably the worst sandwich I've ever had at a restaurant. If you are a vegetarian or vegan I recommend going somewhere else.
Not as good as the sign says, but for the price its not so bad. Old dinner feel in glendale. If u have the time, check it out once.
Best pizza and wings in the queen city! ! Nice place for a date or hang with friends.  Service is awesome.  I will be back for sure!
My wife and I visited the restaurant while we were staying at SLS Vegas.\n\nOverall, it was great experience.\nEvery dish we ordered was great, service was excellence.\n\nIf we get to visit Vegas again, we will definitely dine in again for a romantic night!
guy behind counter spitting out tobacco juice or something into garbage can. disgusting, take that outback cowboy. shipping rates seemed to be about a buck high from website calculation.
Service was descent but the crab cakes were burnt! This was my first time here and will most likely be the last. The waitress saw that my crab cake was completely black on the bottom. Obviously they put the lesser burnt side facing up hoping that I wouldn't notice. The rest of the food wasn't much better.
WOW!  Great staff and great food.  Got in quick and got out quick and cheap.  Did the regular breakfast with 2 pumpkin hot cakes on the side and they were out of this world.\n\nI'm glad they were on YELP or I never would have none of my new favorite breakfast place.\n\nTC
A visti to Drift is an incredibly serene experience. Go for a treatment (the massages are wonderful) and leave enough time to enjoy sitting in the hamman or taking a dip in the jacuzzi. Expect great service and an opportunity to be refreshed.
I always love going to The Capital Grille for great drinks AKA Stoli Doli & great food. This was no exception.What a professional team! I loved the wine pairings & really enjoyed the samples of food. I look forward to trying a sit down dinner w/the generous pour in the coming weeks!
Make them sound good all you want. . But seriously nothing more then grease soaked pieces of dough. ..throughly disgusting. .. ordered 4... we took one bite from each and went in the trash.
I thought it would be taller.\n\nAlso, as we pulled in a guy had walked back to his car and found all of windows smashed. He was robbed of everything.  Broad daylight with people around.
Ugh! Walmart. I wish the staff here cared more.
2 stars because of their salsa bar. That's about it.... Their food lacks some serious flavor/taste. The rice in the burrito is so bland. Bathroom smells like a porto-potty.I'm sure this place has potential, but I'll let someone else experience that.
Excelent! This is a terrific restaraunt, good food and great service. One of the few open on Thanksgiving. Terrific fried chicken.
I have had custard back East...no where near as good...OK at best...window staff could not even tell me the difference between custard and ice cream. ..even though it was posted in the window.
Stopped in to look at custom frames. They have a large selection and three price points that are reasonable. I like this store because when you need help someone is always available. I'm not a big craft person but they seem to have a very large selection of items to make just about everything.
Stopped in last night for some small plates after the C Angel show. Really enjoyed the spirits and the bites. Top-notch everything was great. Great job Rick
Great spot for a casual dinner or drinks. Good atmosphere. Good menu. Good prices. Menu is a bit small but you sacrifice quantity for great quality. The gnocchi is delicious. And any of the pasta dishes are fantastic. Definitely a new neighborhood favorite spot for date nights.
What a great spot for good burgers and dog. We enjoyed both & they were served quickly and cheap prices. We also ordered a side of sweet potato fries, hot & cooked to perfection. I am a ketchup girl, but they served them with a creamy mustard dipping sauce that was a great second option.
My girlfriend and I purchased a coupon off restaurants.com and decided to give it a shot after some pretty nasty reviews on yelp!  We got 3 rolls, bulgogi & teriyaki chicken and it was awesome! The rolls were normal size and tasted great!  If you get a coupon off restaurants.com its pretty good.
Wow!  This hidden gem of a deli is fantastic!  I went for lunch and was not disappointed!  Sandwich was wonderful. Really no complaints..if i had any suggestions it would be a bigger serving of side coleslaw. Affordable, friendly, and fast too!  Cant wait to go back!
Friendly place with a good selection of drinks. Very good chocolate fudge cake. Small selection of panini and bagel fillings (three or four of each) but they change them every few months. Nice place to sit and relax and read the papers over coffee.
I love this Pharmacy!!!!!  After dealing with the big chain pharmacies for so long.....I was blown away at the customer service.  They always go the extra mile.  I get my RX from the manufacture of  my choice and mailed to my door.  Yeah
Great place, finally a healthy juice in Vegas!!!! Definitely will visit again on my next trip to Vegas :)
It's busy here, for good reason. Come when they first open for promptest service. The staff is knowledgeable and helped me picked out my first eCig device!\n\nIf you're looking for a helpful staff and a lot of flavor choices, this is the place to come.
Ate there last week and decided to order for delivery tonight since the food was so good. I ordered the large beef stew, it was delicious, but had only one little piece of meat the size of a quarter and the rest was potatoes. I finished my meal, pissed, looking at my roommate eating his big portion of chicken. You guys suck!
A bit overpriced. Food not as good as advertised. Our group bought food from 3 of the places here and were not satisfied with the quality.
Verizon Customer Support is the Ebola of the wireless world.\n\nThis location must be top 5 worst in the country.
Too bad they closed this location.
Very very unbalanced use of spices. While the owner might be overly nice to the customer, he doesn't know how to treat his employees. The use of cinnamon, clove overpowered the entrees we ate. A stone throw away, but I am not going there in the near future.
The pastries are as good as they are in NYC and the coffee is fresh. Expensive for Vegas but normal for NYC.
This just simply isn't MEC.... where's the gear?! I dont go to MEC to browse for clothes. .... And while you have my attention, how about that new logo? PUT THE MOUNTAIN BACK.
Very good sushi, prices are a bit high but I'm not complaining.  I'll be back :)
So we have been here for about 35 minutes and we have not even receive water, there not even pack and the waitress seem like they are just lounging around. So rude.
Just want to try this out and its terrible buffet ever.  Not much good food and most meats was dry.  I asked for orange juice but it didnt taste like oj,  its taste like water down airborne vitamin.  I wouldnt recommend this place.
My 4 year old loved this place until the changes we discovered yesterday,  Parents no longer allowed on trampolines with their children.   My son was not happy I could not play with him on the trampolines.  Also, he was instructed he can no longer do \"somersaults\"  or tumbling.
This is the best restaurant in Phoenix.  Daniel knows what he is doing.  Michel is the best chef     The food is fresh and excellent.  Everyone is friendly.  His specials are extraordinary    They are accommodating to picky eaters.   Can not wait to go again and again
I truly can't say enough about this place!  Their Green Chile Pork Stew is TO DIE FOR.  Service is always amazing and great beer selection.  Underground rap/hip hop and it's not too loud.  LOVE it there!
My checkout attendent Danielle was rude & unhelpful. The engraving machine is cool though.
Our waitress was great and didn't bat at an eye at several special requests due to children and my crazy (no sugar, no grains) way of eating. The sashimi was delicious and I loved the seaweed salad. I would try Red Bowl again!
This coffee is awful.\nGood thing there is no reason for me to ever go here again.
3 of the 5 times we've ordered here they've given us the wrong pizza. Even at the sale price of $5, it is not worth it. I'd rather pay a bit more and get better tasting pizza that is actually what I ordered.
I rather go to other place; waste of money.  I cannot believe they deep fried the duck and call bbq duck. I will not go there again due to the food quality. It taste like my wife's horrible cooking.
I've had Dr Mike treat me since June of this year 2013. He gave me 16 crowns and my smile back. He has truly changed my life.\n\nHis office staff has been wonderful and so professional.\n\nHe's the doc you need to correct any dental issues.
New ownership....couple misses tonight: salad needs to be colder, caramelized onions on our pizza were only sauteed. Wines were really good.... Sangiovese and Pinot Noir.
fast check in....local eateries....quick security lines....clean bathrooms....flying somewhere fun....what's not to love?!
I love this place and the servers are the best in town. I can not recommend anything to eat because everything on the menu is delish! (And I am not a big fan of Mexican food) I will say their Empenadas are my favorite though.
Not the smartest people and nowhere near the lowest prices. The only good thing about this Bashar is that it is convenient when I am in the neighborhood to get my hair cut at the Great Clips (which is the best one in Gilbert).
I had high expectations but was let down. The quality of food was nothing special. For the price I paid, I could get much more food at restaurants that prepare from scratch. I felt ripped off after paying my bill.
This place serves really great food at very reasonable prices!   We usually end up there around 9 p.m. or later and the place is always hoppin'.  The staff is very accommodating so you have the mixture of good food, good prices and good service - what could be better?
I stayed here from 8/13-8/17 2011. The pros are the pool and some good restaurants. The major con is that during our entire stay our room was NEVER cleaned. The carpets and bedskirt were dirty. Would NOT stay here again.
Service was awesome. Biblical breakfast was super yummy. Can't wait to go back and try lunch!  Check their Facebook page for specials. Iced coffee had coffee ice cubes how smart!
Salty as fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best Ramen in Las Vegas!! It's always busy, so the best time to go it's right when they open at 11:30. Try the potstickers too, great place!! Highly recommend!!
Love the chicken pho and egg roles.  Huge bowls and does not cost alot.  They also serve orange cream soda :)
Very boring pizza, if you don't like garlic, oregano, any spices, and think ketchup is pretty good then this is the spot for you.
I love Paris Buffet because it is better than some other buffet on the strip. The food is almost same as last time I went which is about 6 month ago. Great Selection. Some food are too overcooked and not hot enough.
Terrible service. They were rude over the intercom, didn't listen and hung up on us before we were finished. Never had such a hard time at a drive through. The food was ok, but just average. Most likely not returning.
Super Nice setting. Large outdoor terrace. Large well lit and decorated dining room. Excellent  and experienced service. High class. \n\nFood is fresh, classical, and very well prepared. \n\nWine list is priced OK with many popular choices.
This place is awesome! The staff is super friendly and the food is great. I've been here a few times and every time the food I have ordered has been fresh, delicious and up to standards. The tom yum soup is to die for.
Extremely overpriced, with bad food. I can't imagine how they stay in business when there are so many better and cheaper places all around them.
This IS NOT shaved ice!  This is a regular outing for our family during summer.  When this closes in the end of September, it is a very sad time.
Went today (Sat 8/10).  Service was slow.  We had to ask twice for drink refills.  Had the small burger - meat had no taste (wife felt the same).  Also, the oldies music was way too loud.  Won't go back - mostly based on the service,
It's bar food, but higher quality bar food. Still, $.75 oysters are a hard deal to pass up. Even if I get a piece of a shell every so often. Friendly service. Never had anything less than enthusiastic service.
My girlfriend and I dined at this location last night and she got food poisoning. She was sick and miserable all night. Definitely the last time I will be eating here.
Alida Restaurant Supply has been servicing Arizona Restaurants for over 20 years. We are the industry leader in the distribution of restaurant equipments and commercial hospitality furniture including custom booth.
A massage with Candy will make you feel like you've died and gone to heaven!
Got a frappicino after dinner and before heading inside the MGM Grand Arena.\n\nThis place doesn't do promotions or even have a mobile reader, they actually punch in your card numbers.\n\nSmall line so i had my drink in no time at all.
The food is very good. The building is old
This was our Panera when I lived in Lake Wylie...like most Paneras, this one has the assortment that you would expect...and it is served well.
Don't waste your time going there.  Drinks sucks asked for $13 dollar shots of good tequila and got silver crap.  Sent it back for better tequila they must have mixed crap in it. Couldn't even drink it.  Don't waste you time or money there.
$212 to run a race and didn't even get a shirt, since they ran out. $40 day of race packet pick up charge. A total mess. Save your money.
Been back since my last review when they first opened. Much better! Love the service and donuts!
As an update, more than three weeks have passed, and we still have not received a follow-up call from the doctor.  The only vet we have ever had who failed to follow-up...  I'm disappointed, but not surprised.  And frankly, after all we've been through, we would rather not talk to him again.
If you eat here pay for the express pass. Or you could go to M Resort's buffet, not wait in the long line and not spend $70pp!
I have had better.
Bike Masters appears to be a fine bike store - selling mostly Specialized bikes (hard to go wrong with that). The salespeople I spoke with were helpful and knowledgeable; just didn't knock my socks off.
Easily one of my favorite coffee shops in Pittsburgh. The eclectic vibe is quite charming. Outdoor seating, cool events, and friendly staff. And for any cinnamon lovers, the Svegedi Kav\u00e9 is fabulous!
Dope food, dope queso. Ask for the secret spicy sauce if you like hot stuff. Great vibe and better food than the Chipotle down the street.
EXCELLENT weekend buffet-- best assortment of high quality food I have seen in an Indian buffet and very reasonable price. I highly recommend this to everyone!
No kiosks at this rental agency.  The rental car in Los Angeles had almost no air conditioning, but the car in Las Vegas was brand spanking new.  Both cars were the same Fullsize class too, so what you receive is really hit or miss.
For such a nice looking airport restaurant, I was quite disappointed. Considering I am in Arizona I understand southwest cuisine, but their Bloody Mary tasted as if it was made with salsa juice. Also, the French fries were COVERED in a chili powder seasoning. Limited menu with reasonable prices.
New location, same crappy attitude. I dislike most of the people that work here. They are usually pretty rude. Their selection is ok although I think their prices are high for used clothing. Very rarely someone will approach you to see if you need any help.
The Best!
I love this place! Have gone drive through a couple times, the first time they left out half my order but I was happy to park and go in and see their desserts! Today I met a friend for lunch there at 11:30, we beat the rush! I had a club sandwich and chocolate chunk cookie....delicious!!
Yummy all the time and love the happy hour specials!  The crab roll is the absolute best in town!
The owners are always friendly and their beds give better color than any other place I've gone to.  They have better prices too!
Those were some tasty tacos. Also, the ambiance was upbeat compared to any other late night taco spot I've been to in Phoenix or San Diego.
Looks pretty sweet.  I didn't get to go down, but it provided a nice view from our room.  I accidentally checked in to the beach instead of my hotel.  They have a wave pool, lazy river, and several different pools with plenty of shade and seating.
It's a fabulous; like a mini Richardson's but without the horrible turquoise colors!  Plus there's usually no wait and plenty of room at the bar.  Best New Mexican food in Arizona!
Always come here for the good food and friendly staff.\n\nGet the Ultimate bagel sandwich with crispy bacon. Non nom nom nom
don't buy the $85 deal.  They charge you $85 more to make up for the deal.  So you end up paying $35 more.  The service is nothing special
I am (almost) embarrassed to admit this, but I purchased an apple fritter and coffee for my wife at the in-house Dunkin Donuts.  As expected, the coffee was very good and the fritter sucked.  The one and only plus is it is convenient if you are staying at Sam's Town.
Cool chilled out vibe. Very friendly team. Unique take on dishes that were still really good. scallop caprese and Bleeding Heart Ravioli were a good compliment. I'd be back to try something else on this imaginative menu.
Not impressed.  I had barbacoa and carne asada tacos.  They were bland and small.  Nothing special.
BEWARE. Must have birth certificate for child even if they are 14 years of age even though it is not stated on their website. The guy working the counter had no real explanation as to why nor did he care to have a conversation. Poor customer service.
\"We are probably out of Peroni\" \nThat was the first thing said to us. Very quiet and it can't decide if it's a shop, bar or restaurant, but fails on all three accounts.
Good honest guys here. I've been coming for years and they've always taken great care of me.
This is one of my favorite Thai restaurant's EVER!! I wish they had moor seating because they're always busy. The food is wonderful! The staff are super friendly. I've had most of the menu at this point and everything has been great!
Quick and very professional. Also very clean. The staff seemed very knowledgeable and professional.
Delicious!  I would give it five stars if it weren't for the loud music making it impossible to have any conversation at the table.
I just moved from San Diego and have been searching in my area for a good nail place to go to regularly and I finally found it. This spot is cleanly, friendly, professional and really creative. They do everything from gel, custom designs to nail charms. I recommend Peter for your appointments.
Monte Cristo with fresh strawberry jam on the side and a boat-sized portion of fresh mashed potatoes and gravy. FANTABULOUS!\n\nSurprisingly quiet considering the proximity to the noisy slots and people.  Waiters and waitresses were very nice. =]
3.5 stars\n\nThey have a huge selection of bottled beer and around 15 beer on draft. It's a very low key spot where you can come with some friends and just hang out and enjoy some beer. Tried the orange blossom (very fruity) and chocolate stout which was really good.
Serivce from the Bartenders is exceptional!! Sit @ the bar have a drink, eat some food and enjoy!!!
I have been going to Studio 924 for a couple years now. Everyone is friendly. The cuts and colors I have gotten have been perfect. I have been to several salons in Madison and this one is the best for customer service, friendliness and quality of the product.
Clean fresh atmosphere and the food-delicate and not the same as eating at Gallo Blanco. Just opened and menu keeps expanding. Weight staff knowledgeable caring and discreet. Been there over 5 times and still think it is 5 stars! Try it if you haven't and if you have check out new menu.
Solid.  In and out in 45 minutes with a full stomach and not too much damage to the wallet.  \n\nNice staff and good service.
I had to bring my VW in for some warranty work (faulty intake manifold) and was helped by Alex. He was extremely nice and helpful. I usually HATE going to dealerships to get any work done, but this experience may make me less reluctant to get my 50k tune done through these guys.
SOOOOOOOOOOOO great. I honestly didn't touch anything else that was on my plate but the roast beef. So tender, melts in your mouth. Really tasty. What a shame that it's closing.
Only came in since breakfast was free. Dead and didn't even see my waiter for 20 minutes
Love this business. They are cheerful courteous & professional. We get free samples & hubby got a free birthday suit cleaning!
Big casino, good bar music live, lots of partiers, plenty of places to eat and drink
Slow servers.\n\nSoda was only refilled when I yelled out to the server.\n\nNothing too special.
Largest food menu in Lawrenceville. Incredible signature drinks. Excellent atmosphere. This place just opened up but already my new favorite. This is just what upper Lawrenceville needed. Half off apps during happy hour ( mon-fri 5-7 and sat+sun 9-11). Can't wait to try everything on the menu!
Steak was overcooked.  Had to wait for new steak while everyone else ate. Then they added mushrooms and onions to my bill, which I neither ordered or received.  Took over 15 minutes to get correct bill. Food was good otherwise.
I have been through PHX 6 more times since my last review and have never been back to Fox.\n\nFOX SUCKS!
Cool place to eat. Awesome cocktails as well as food. I love the coconut cocktail and the Ikan Rica Rica. They just opened a bar.
I ordered a large pepperoni pan pizza togo. I normally like pizza hut but for some  reason the pizza seemed way to greasy and didn't taste that great. In fact I got naseous after eating 2 slices.
Best location in my opinion. The employees are very polite here and always going that extra mile to help the customers, Roberto is very genuine and always trying to make a difference. Very nice environment to be in and the food and prices are fabulous.
Love this place! Quick, inexpensive, and amazing quality of food. Any of the freshly-baked breads or pastries are delicious, and the salads and sandwiches are also full in flavor.
Always a favorite of ours...everything we've tried is flavorful and prepared perfectly! Great atmosphere and friendly service takes it to a full 5 stars!
My vet's pharmaceutical assistant introduced me to Road Runner Pharmacy, and the first 2 orders went smoothly. The 3rd has been slightly rough, but with help of Jasmine and Tracy all is well.  Thank you!
Late night industry
Sooooo good! I fantasize about this place because I live in Tucson. Great service, delish garlic naan, cheap lunch buffet, what more could you ask? I will be returning to this place again and again when I head up north!!!
After waiting for twenty minutes for our food, we asked how much longer and the waitress told us that others were there before us, so much longer, we would have to wait. Someone else will have to review the food, because we left.
Picked out our wood floor and amazing, from the time we picked out the floor until the next day's contract the floor price went up $3.00 a square foot.  Was told the factory had a price increase the day the measuring was done.\nThey sure don't know how to do business.
No good. Nothing to say. Bland or too salty. No taste beyond that. I would only recommend this place if you are extrememly broke and only for midnight to 7am ($2.95).
No line, Fast service, nice people small dogs welcome. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. I marked this place as a fav.
That is the biggest Old Town Candy & Toys  I've ever been in. My daughter went crazy there...she purchased the biggest stuffed bear and the staff was very nice and helped us with shipping it back to California for us and waived the shipping cost! Great displays, nice staff and lots to see!
I LOVE this place. The staff is friendly and soooo talented. They take requests and are willing to learn songs if they don't already know them. We had a blast here, and I will definitely be back!
I have only been here during happy hour.  But the food was good and the service was exceptional.  I also got to use a yelp deal.  I may try it again if I am in the area.
Best way to sum it up is BLAH....  Nothing exciting here.  We went twice because we like their other restaurants but were not impressed with the bland and boring menu selections
I don't think I would ever go in and eat but the take out is good and they honor happy hour pricing on take out which is great!
We love this place. Perfect rooms. Perfect service. Perfect restaurants. Cannot say enough great things.
This might be the best French bread I've ever had. And I've been to Paris. The place is really cute and everything we had was delicious. I got the gnocchi and my friend got the trout. The staff was really helpful...great wine suggestion from the bar. And the prices weren't bad by Vegas standards.
The food was very good but the restaurant was understaffed. What should have been a 40 minute lunch turned into a hour and a half voyage. The atmosphere was excellent. Know know it's a good British pub when the ex-pats are in to watch the footie on the big screen.
Great place for younger people.  Good band and good drinks.
Only downside is no delivery
Great local bar, amazing drink specials, lots of sports memorabilia, plenty of TV's and the Best wings I have had in Arizona (Get em Grilled).
Great tortas, agua frescas, and tacos! Id give it 5 stars but they don't have beer.
Best breakfast and Bloody Mary I have ever had. Bar none! Service was superior and although the ambiance is subjective, it's right up my alley. If I could give more stars I would. Try the eggs and enchiladas!
By Vegas standards, it's CHEAP pricewise\n\nbut keep in mind, you do get what you pay for..\nand honestly, i think HOMETOWN BUFFET tastes better then circus circus.\n\navoid like the plague!
So happy that these guys have finally reopened! I went there for dinner a few nights ago and really enjoyed it. I got the Tandoori chicken, which was moist and flavorful. My boyfriend got a mushroom and potato dish which was also excellent. Servings are huge, and prices are low!
Asian girl approve. mmm yuuum.
The menu has a lot of variety and the food was pretty good.  We arrived later on a Sunday night (7:30ish), the place wasn't too busy maybe 1/2 full but it took 30+ minutes from the time we ordered until we received our food.
Awesome presentation, quality, & service... Artful, fresh, & delicious, and I am now a regular. Amazingly creative dinner for two plus a 750ml bottle of Kurosawa (Black River) Junmai Kimoto Sake $147... home sweet home!
Very happy with their services. Daryl is fair and honest. Service is quick and in line. Again, very happy with all the work they've done for me over the past year.
Completely ruined by putting parking in the middle of the shops. Never enough parking here but mixing cars and pedestrians is never a good thing. Lots of families milling around and now you have to worry about cars. Complete stupidity.
Cafe rio is amazing! Everything to the fresh hand made tortillas, the queso dip, house sauce and the sweet pork are to die for! A must try and you'll fall in love!
The sushi here is always fresh and delicious.  Not crazy about there entries. There spicy tuna roll is jam packed with tasty tuna. Very good sushi bar.
Doesn't hold a bagel to Einstein's.
RELOCATED. Remembered it being better at their old location, to be honest I was quite disappointed this last time. Probably won't be back.
I think this restaurant was greatly overpriced.  The food was not worth the money and the presentation was boring.  Not what you expect at Aria!
This place was aight! We stopped by for round 1. The waitress was very nice. Drinks about $12 and super strong but totally worth it. Hmm probably not returning to spend the whole night here but maybe to grab A drink.
Let's face it,  this is not Japanese food. The food is ok but it is really more or less Chinese food. The soups taste Chinese and lack the umami quality because they are not hon-dashi based. The rice used for the sushi is totally incorrect long grain rice, and not properly vinegared.
I had lunch here a few times... it was decent but nothing special. It was so average nothing stands out... it is your basic Mediterranean fast food.\n\nDon't avoid it, but don't rush to get there or go out of your way either.
i love this f***kin place!!!!   you rule!!!!!!!
They have the best Sourdough Soup Bowls! The Potato cheese is delicious. Their burger and fries are pretty good too. And if you love desserts, this place is for you. :)
Had the pulled pork sandwich. It was fantastic. $15 for a sandwich and fries was fine. You buy a sand which and you could get a T-shirt for $10. Double check because it's a limited time promotion.
My daughter had a  two tired cake for her 16th birthday the top layer was marble cake with chocolate mousse filling, the bottom layer was red velvet cake. Superb and kudos to chef flemming!!!
Trust me. I am from Texas and know what Tex-Mex and Mexican food should taste like. Jolina's aint it.\nThe food is okay, but if you are looking for trueTex-Mex or authentic Mexican food, stay away. You will be disappointed. I was!!
I absolutely LOVED the food. My wife an I got so much food for our money. The environment was mellow yet fun. Our server Alanah was very on point with our needs as customers and I would recommend coming to this location to anyone.
I love their bean & vegetable soup as well as the broccoli & cheese soup! :)
Nice location. Food is good. I like getting the side meal when I can;t think of where to eat. My baby loves the mac and cheese here. Staff is nice. Store is clean.
this club sucked last night. no dance area but fitting because DJ was weak. overpriced cover and drinks.
I really like this store. They have almost everything from green tea kitkats to huge woks. They also have a seafood section and fish can be cleaned and fried for free. They have an extensive fresh produce section as well. \n$10 annual membership fee is worth it.
Decent bar food.\n\nFriendly service, cheap drinks.  Like the patio.  Love when Vintage Rocket band is playing.  Can bring the kids to listen to music since food is served until 2am!  \n\nCHEAP!
I have been eating here for 25 years. In the last few months I have had the wait staff comp my dinner on more than one occasion because of some problem waiting on food or because the hostesses out rite lie about the wait.
Sucks
Good food....Yes, I like this place; I'll drop in for lunch when I'm in downtown Scottsdale and don't have time to drive over to Uncle Sal's.  Breakfast all day - much better than some of the \"breakfast\" restaurants in Phoenix.
Dr. Josh and all of his staff are truly wonderful. My dog loves to visit them. They are caring and compassionate. Conveniently located off the 101.
Is it bad that I grab a cup before I head to study at the library ? I love self serve froyo ! There are always new flavors to try , unlimited toppings , cute soda bottles , and more. It's an understatement to say I am obsessed with Forever Yogurt. !!
Cool decorations, the restaurant is movie themed. Regarding the food, perfect Mellow Mushroom pizza. Funky Q chicken is the way to go.
Love this place, I get the $7 lunch special almost every day. Just call ahead and they will have it ready for you. Staff is friendly and food is great
The server recommendations are amazing and the hospitality is incomparable! The yellowtail is definitely a must try! The ambience is well polished with a clean atmosphere, appropriate music levels and unrivaled presentation!
If you like beer (I'm more of a mixed drink guy) and drunk college students (mostly dudes), this place rocks.  Otherwise it is incredibly humid and sticky inside the warehouse that they have converted into a bar and grill, and the prices are a bit steep.
Carne asada is good here!
explain yourselves, trader joe's. i found a human hair in my kale chips.
Originally from New York, it is hard to find NY style pizza in Arizona.  However, we have found it.  Mama Mia's is not only cheap but it is New York pizza at it's best.
The ambience was superb! I ordered the Chicken Mole.  It was so salty that I could only take a couple of bites.  My husband ordered the Taquitos which had no flavor.  The service was mediocre.  Probably won't return.
The bartender stayed on the phone almost the entire time. Never once asked about our food. She was too worried about her 2 buddies on the other side of the bar. This was during lunch. Also no seasoning on the fries and never brought blue cheese as requested.
Great Food. We have noticed that most of the people here are repeat customers and the owner takes the time to greet everyone one of them. Will go there again.
Pretty nice casino but its easy to get lost in. I had trouble finding my way to the Buffet and had trouble finding my way back to the Aria. Im sure its harder than hell to find the hidden Pizza place even with directions.
I am super happy with the work that iMergency did on my cracked iPad screen. They were fast and friendly and the iPad looks and works like new!
Very disappointing. The food is mediocre and WAY OVER PRICED for the quality. This place is fine for some beers in the bar and watching sports but eat before you get here.
The food tastes fine. I've tasted better.\nThere was no wait but a fair amount of customers. 1pm on a Monday.\nMedium-sized restaurant\nThe normal accented english I find hard to understand\nMaybe 4-5 carts rolling around\nAvg pricing
It's a must to stop into Osaka anytime I'm in Vegas! \n\nService is great, food's yummy and there's many options, and I love the vibe in the restaurant! I can lounge and sip on sake or do sake bombs with help from the chefs!
If you are looking for top notch food- this is it. If you want atmosphere and a restaurant experience- not for you. All fresh ingredients and really outstanding flavors. Meatball Sandwich, cheese pizza, antipasto salad all very flavorful
Had a very simple new Toyota ignition re-keyed to match the door key for a 1997 Camry. 2 months later the the key became stuck in the ignition and could not get it out. Poor workmanship left me stranded and late for work. If they can't do a basic service I would't trust them for anything.
I had the nachos and a mini bj pizza. Both tasted like they were \"frozen\" and recooked at the restaurant. I was very disappointed. I do not believe I will be back.
This has been an awesome experience. The service is friendly and attentive. The food is excellent and well portioned. I will definitely be making returns to this location.
I've only been here at night so far, and last night was only my second time. It's a great small town bar, everyone knows each other and they are all very friendly. If you find yourself in Maricopa at night and you're looking for the night scene this is it.
We go here often as it's close and always good. Very friendly staff and they put together very good rolls. Never doubt when we're in the mood for sushi, this place is good, and worthwhile.
Service technique sur rendez-vous seulement.
Just had Garden Cafe for lunch and it was really good. The chicken shawarma sandwich was deelish!! It was pretty quiet, but the staff was very nice and personable. I'll definitely be heading back..
New restaurant with a few bugs to work out. Our server was new and not completely at ease with the menu, the pricing, the specials.  Food was good, but experience left something to be desired. Glad HP is in the hood, but fix it quickly.
This place is awesome, they did a wonderful job cleaning my teethes and gives goood advices on how to take care of your teethes. I recommend going here to clean your teethes! Also, it is free to bleach your teeth too!
For karaoke alone it is incredible!  Beer is over priced even for Scottsdale.  I still love this place.
Went there for a kids birthday party.  Had a fun time, plenty of things to do for the kids, nice play areas, fun mini-train to ride around the park!  I would recommend to others that have kids!
We loved it!! Food is great and really nice staff but the view it's what make this place worthy of coming back!
Had a great meal, closed our menus and let our server Justin order for us. Filet skewers were fantastic. Palms roll was also great.
I had the cheeseburger, fries and chocolate shake at 7:30 PM Sunday. obviously they are a popular location.The burger was okay, fries and shake were no better. Perfectly good but had nothing on a fastfood burger fry and shake.
Hanging with friends here to avoid traffic.\n\nService is good. Xmas decorations cute. Environment is good for having a discussion. Soup really too salty, they changed it to another type of soup for me :)
Did I finally find a restaurant that can make REAL FLAN??? YES! I've never tried Pupusas, maybe I just don't have the taste buds for them but were flavorless, greasy and filling.  I will try something else next time and update =)
Watch out for the stupid redhead at the bar. Has no manners and respect. Kicked and told on us like a little girl for waiting at the bar since it was full. I want to punch him in the face and take his tip jar next time. Anyways beside him it's an alright place.
it's a very romantic beautiful spot at night, especially when the music is on. took some vedios and still feel excited when replaying it at home.
Stopped in for dinner while in Tempe for spring training.  Choose Serrano's based upon Yelp feedback and glad we did.  7 of us in our party and everyone was pleased with their meal.  Loved the spinach enchiladas!
This is one of my favorite restaurants of all time.  The roasted corn is delicious and the sweet potato tamale was incredible.  I am planning a second trip to Vegas next month just to eat here again.
Really you're a Mexican eating establishment and don't don't have F-ing limes ????  I don't care how expensive they get. Ridiculous !!
If you walk into a sushi bar and are overwhelmed by the smell of BBQ sauce and there is none on the menu, leave immediately. Unfortunately I failed to heed my own premonition and \"dined\" here. Don't do the same please...and save the money and gastrointestinal issues.
At first this place was paradise! Until I forgot my engagement ring in the bathroom.. housekeeping straight up stole it!!!! DOUBLE AND TRIPLE check your room before leaving to make sure you leave nothing behind!! They cannot be trusted!!!!
The rolls are small and not worth it! Go for the seabass appitizer instead
Inefficient gateways. Need to shuttle everywhere. Slow security checkpoint lines.
It's just like pizza bianco without the wait. This pizza is a 9.9999 and bianco is a 10. This place has a much larger menu and their deserts are to die for. \n\nIf bianco has more then a 30 min wait just drive and or walk here.
It made me sick. Really sick. \n\nIt
Tableau has a very classy atmosphere and the food is very good. They even have vegan.... Breakfast is also severed after 11:00am where most places we found were not. \nThe service was very slow and it was pricey....other then that I really liked it.
This place is amazing. Staff is always nice. Not much more I need to say!
Refreshing! If you're looking for a meal that won't weigh you down this is the place. Their menu has a healthy side and a happy side. I love the Ahi taco san. And the naked chix. So good and so filling.
just got home from a great meal.  our server was very good and our tea and water glasses were never empty..  the lasagna was a true roman style, hard boiled egg and all.   it was only half full, but in the summer that is saying a lot.  can't wait to go back.
Being to Craft over a dozen times, I figured Heritage would be just as good if not better.  The quality of meat and service did not disappoint but I have to say, I still prefer Craft.  The spicy onion rings are delicious though!
A girlfriend that lives in the area brought us here for a very early Sunday funday and breakfast. \n\nThey have a GREAT Bloody Mary bar (lots of options) and cheap food. Perfect for a hangover. :)
Prices have gone up,better deals and better italian around for less cash.Cool place if you were never there but so many better choices all over the strip.
The Ghostbar has a great view, but I wouldn't plan to stay there for the entire night.  As their sign clearly states, it's a lounge but not a club. It's the perfect spot to start the night with a drink, but I would head somewhere else before the night really kicks off.
No connoisseur of Moroccan food I was blown away by this place.  Got no pics or even dish names but it was all great from the Moroccan wine and tea thru lamb sausage and a unique calamari. Ambience & service pleasant & of good standard.
This is a great MEX/Cuban restaurant just a few feet East of The Fremont Street Experience. Food was excellent and served in a cozy little spot. Visited for a late lunch and will be going back for more soon.
Irritating beeping behind the line for at least 3 minutes while we waited 6 minutes to get our coffee
Love this place. I almost always stick to my usual, the Manapuas (pork inside of a steamed bun) and the Kalua pork. So, SO good.\n\n The portions are beyond huge, you can easily share one \"meal\" between 2 people or have leftovers for at least another day.
Average food at high price.
I don't understand why this place is so popular.  I've been there 4 times and each time the food was pretty gross.  Most recently, I ordered a Del Monico sandwich and the thing was dripping with oil.  The beer list is decent.
Passage to India is just another curry house serving up dishes with muddled flavors that won't excite you.  Paratha was a bit dense and came to the table when I was half way through my curry.
Perfect ..... again.  Consistency counts and this place has it.  Love.
I won't go here again. The service was very slow and some of our food came cold.  I had the shrimp from the appetizer menu and didn't feel good the rest of the night.  This is definitely a miss.
Good good. Great service.
I've only seen Misty (nail tech) and she is fantastic!  The location is nice, front desk person is really sweet and on the ball. Salon is clean and friendly, everyone I've interacted with has been really nice and the clients all leave looking great. \n\nI'll absolutely continue to see Misty.
Pizza's like sex even if its not great,  its still ok. Should have read reviews. Weird thin crust,  the sauce was ehhhh n didn't care for cheese. I hate giving low reviews but this pizza just didnt cut it.
Terrible quality, huge lineups, so-so service and really bad coffee shop or whatever it's called. The quality gets worse and worse every year. IKEA used to be simple and modern. Now it is cheap and ugly. The only thing I buy there is candles and sometimes towels.
This is your basic airport Starbucks.  Expect long lines, high prices and marginal service and you wont be disappointed.
Horrible company with a even worse attitude.  Amazed that they are still in business.
Don't waste your money!! Service is friendly but sushi has much to be aspired for....we should have known considering we were the only people there!!
Fairly new location.  Great food and environment.  Perhaps I'm slightly biased growing up in Vegas, visiting this chain on occasion.  You can't go wrong.
Starbucks is cheaper than bottled water at McCarren Airport, if you can believe it. Get an iced coffee here here instead of that Evian.
Great ny strip with a French twist \nVery friendly service
A great place always clean good cashiers hours have a bargain or two and a plaster always open 24 hours
Too few checkout lanes open, check. Open checkouts are absurdly slow, check. Restrooms are filthy with sticky floors, check. Receipt contains a feedback/survey link whereby customer comments are completely ignored, check. Yup, this is a pretty typical Walmart store. What? It's a TARGET you say?
Tr\u00e8s belle soir\u00e9e! Le bibimbap est vraiment bon et le service tr\u00e8s courtois. Une belle petite d\u00e9couverte.
THIS PLACE BLOWS. They are playing Mexican music on 4th of July... Not even speaking English. There is stuff for sale and over priced food. Weight limit on everything. Horrible waste of money
One of my favorites!!! Fresh food and salsa, and always great service!!
you get the cheapest branded stuff!
I bought a groupon for myself and my daughter mani/pedi. From the moment we arrived they treated us wonderful. Very conscious of gentleness with feet and hands. Loved it! My husband came along and they had a room for him to sit in and relax. Would definitely recommend them!
i guess its not my type of sandwiches.  a lot of raves about this place and i've given it about half a dozen tries and still not impressed.
Was such a bad restaurant that my mom got physically sick after eating the Chicken Fried Steak. I had the Malted Waffle and it was no better (or bigger) than an Eggo waffle. Very disappointing.
We ate at Koji when we were in Vegas last week.   The food was ok, sushi was fine but not extraordinary.\n\nThe rice was piping hot.  \n\nThe service was chilly served with a side of indifference.
Their bearclaws are the best ever! Friendly service.
As the other reviews said, it was a great experience.  They are kind and helpful.  Could not ask for more!
Truly outstanding food, unreal service and an awesome happy hour!! Will definitely be back again. Strong drinks, huge oysters, and awesome crab cakes. Highly recommend! Also, ask for Charles T--he's amazing!!
This gym has yet to return my call after charging me when I was not even using the gym. They have very poor service. Please stop ripping people off.
I LOVE their products but I can't stand the smell of the store! I can't imagine how anyone can work there, just being in the store for 5 minutes gives me a headache. If you're sensitive to overpowering smells, stick to online ordering.
Harrah's got it right with this property.  You can't beat the location.  You can rest here and hop around the strip.  I love the Tower Experience.  Great Spa and Pool.  Decent Rooms and worth the price!  Comped rooms are always a good deal.  Can't wait to get back.
For some reason the food wasn't as good here as I remember at other Five Guys.  Too much grease, not enough flavor.  The fries had way way too much salt.  Maybe it was old...
Had a 6 hour layover in Charlotte and found this little gem. Loved it. Had a great detoxing green juice, kombucha tea and a \"bagel\" with the homemade hot sauce that is amazing.
Accommodating to gluten free needs. Fish tacos, chips, & salsa were great. Service excellent.  Also liked the complimentary chocolate tamale dessert.
Meh. Average ice cream at best. Just below Cold Stone in quality. Don't go there for the atmosphere, there is none. \n\nLooks like they are running a few different types if businesses out of this place.
Great store (prices and selection)!  Great people!  Geat cause!
Pretty loud and the food is good but not quite great although I guess the main reason one would come here is for some authentic German beer which this place delivers to perfection.  Fun, but not a place I would go out of my way to visit every time I am here.
It was two days before Christmas and total chaos everywhere except here! Service was excellent, the food was outstanding! My husband and I started with the Mediterranean small bites then each had a pizza. I love their whole wheat crust!  Service was fantastic too!
The name has changed three times and every time this place has done this, the taste has declined. Spicy chilly mint was one of my favorite dishes. Pad Thai is also no longer the same. It has become to sweet. Also They have smaller portions now.
Good spot staff is mostly friendly.  Good selection and never really busy
The La Jolla is my favorite! The staff here is really great. Seriously one of my favorite spots for brunch!!!
First visit and while it was pretty slow on a Sunday night, the place had a great vibe and potential. They only serve beer and wine but I think their decor and the film angle will serve them well. Good luck Filmbar!
Great food - pho is amazing. They have Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese to choose from. Good drink prices too. Tucked away! I wish I had known about this neighborhood place the last 5 years I've lived here! It's a new go-to.
Can't go wrong with Subway!  After a disappointing experience at the Penguin (resulting in no food), we came over here and had sandwiches and they were wonderful.  \n\nIt was also the first bathroom we encountered all day that was clean and had soap in the dispenser. Hooray!
I waited an hour and a half for a pickup and missed all of my appointments because they sent their detailer to pick me up. He had no knowledge of Vegas and drove around for an hour even though my hotel was a quick 10 minutes away. Ridiculous
Stand in an hour line to eat crappy food off a crappy limited menu, I would rather just eat real crap.
Good service although it took three times for the correct water to be served.Nice outdoor seating.The food was good.
My first time visiting and the food here was terrible! I ordered fried fish, macaroni/cheese, and yams. Couldn't order any veggies because they are all flavored with pork... Everything I ordered taste days old. If you want good soul food go to The Chicken Box!
A real let down after all the hype about it.\nNothing particuarly special and i have seen as good in pretty much any museums science corners.\nThe building is also rather vile/blatent in sticking out in its surroundings.
Well worth the money, Justin did a great job and kept things going right on time.  Highly recommended!!
All I can say is alot of food!! We went Mesa, AZ  day and had a reservation. The place was busy, you just look on the wall and order from there. Everything was great, however way too much food for two people.
Avoid the buffets in Vegas and eat something more low key!\nI love eating yakitori and beef tongue, and this restaurant does not disappoint.
The wings suck don't bother ordering them...I have a felling the whole menu is rough. The beer comes on icy cold mugs which is awesome. If they would improve the quality of the food it would be perfect.
The 17 dollar brisket meal came with 3 slices of well done brisket. I was expecting sliced smoked brisket, and what I get what a half portion of over done beef (has grill marks on it). Don't order this if you are hungry.
Cool atmosphere, quick friendly service, sup par pad thai. Good meat, overcooked noodles, no heat.
Seriously, what's the point in filling out info online and making an appointment? You show up at your appointment time and have to fill out the same info and wait forever to be seen. So ridiculous.
Warm summer night, I grab a cookie/icecream sandwhich. Not worth it, at all: fell apart in seconds. Was expecting frozen cookies as a base, got hot cookies that turned it into a horrid mess. Just tell me if an item isn't ready yet. Would not go/recommend.
Great staff....very knowledgeable and approachable.  PLUS I got results....I was never a big believer in PT, but I am now!  Next I have to try the training sessions!
Bartender service is friendly.  All day drinks happy hour prices is nice.  Free chips and salsa during afternoon happy hour is good.  Other than that, it's like any Chili's.  Don't mind spending my free gift cards here.
The dining area is really small!  I still put this McD's better than the one in Buckeye.  We actually had a pretty nice experience dining in.  The cashier was really nice.
Why are there not more people here? The food was incredible. The service is wonderful. I got the Beef Schawerma Arabic-style. It was so filling and so good. Will return soon!
Same bar/same people/different name.\nThe bar is now named \"The Anvil\".\nIs there a way to change that here?\nIt could make things confusing.\nThis is my Saturday night spot for great place/great staff/great folks.
The food was authentic and flavorful. Service was a bit slow although I didn't mind waiting for the food as it was hot and fresh.
Unhappy employees and poor management. Always out of any sale items and the employees look at you like you just insulted them every time your there..
Went here for Sunday brunch about a week ago. The food was pretty good but the service was a quite slow. We waited about fifteen minutes just to order. For what it is, I think it's a bit overpriced. I probably won't return.
Popped in today and bought a beautiful Delmonico from Larry's for Valentine's Day dinner. Friendly and fast customer service and the steak was exceptional!
Wash was OK but the hard upwell tactics are to the point of being sleazy - I had to beg the guy to shut up and just write the ticket so I could get on with the wash - STAY AWAY
Where is the good old Cantina 1511?! Bad location! Slow service, bad ambience.. Few years ago it was my favorite Mexican restaurant, not anymore!
The service was beyond awful! We waited 10+ minutes for soda refill, we had to ask 3 different people for a drink refill. The food was barely warm. Most of the serves were standing around talking instead of work. I'm very disappointed, I though this being a Guy Fieris place it would be awazing.
Not bad. They bring out the cornbread to start with and it's pretty good. Overall the food is good but I'm always hoping for better. Over all, everything is good but not memorable.
Horrible food.  I trusted Yelp and stop by for dinner with my friends but disappointed.  Price very pricy compare to other Vietnamese restaurant around and food not good at all.  DO NOT eat here if you would like to eat vietnamese food.
Too bad
Better places to eat in Vegas then here honestly ...
I love this location. They have a Starbucks! Lots of cool stuff for you home. They have a decent selection of groceries (bit pricey tho). Lots of cool clearance deals. Very clean store. This is my favorite Target location in my side of town.
Delicious!  You can have anything you want here, as long as it's chicken fingers.  Delicious, delicious, chicken fingers...mmmm.
This show is beautiful!  It has stunning acrobatics that unfold into beautiful imagery.  I sat a row or two back from the splash zone and was fine.  I would suggest avoiding the first few rows or wear something you dont mind getting wet.
WOAH, my god, do not get any of the pastries. I had a coffee cake, then changed it for a brownie because it was stale, and they were both ! omg, it was like it was in a plastic ziplock for a year kinda plastic taste. blegh.
Best Chinese food ever! And the staff is super nice as well :)
I go here every time I am in Vegas - had a fabulous turkey burger.  Highly recommended.
Pretty good Cheese Steaks. Special of 1/2 sandwich w/ fries and a drink for $6.85 and it's a fountain soda so it's all you can drink ftw!\n\nOnly negitive is the hours: 9am-4pm
Love this casino resort off the strip! Facilities are topnotch! Even have a tv on the bathtub.
nice atmosphere, great wait staff, and good pizza. the creme limoncello after dinner will definitely do the trick!
The food was very good, however, my whole family spent the night very sick in the bathroom. It's the only thing we had all day besides cereal for breakfast. I've been to many ServSafe classes and this was a bad case of food poisoning. I feel cheated out of the $40 I spent.
Good food, amazing service.  We even got to tour the kitchen.
OnOrdered tiger roll #64  to go for quick lunch. It was fresh and didn't disappoint. Will be back
My first restaurant in Charlotte....meh.  While the servers were nice, service was pretty slow and the restaurant was empty.  The food was ok, but nothing to write home about.
Did this business close????
My husband is the cook and I love when he visits this market. He arrives home with a bag filled with amazing items and money still in the bank! If you are planning on a new meal, you must add this place to you list of errands. Go there during lunch and grab a bite before you shop, mouth watering food!
I love the old king Arthur/castle theme. The outside is lit up and very cool. Plus the tournament of kings show is Awesome!!
Not thrilled with our meal here. My bun was cold and dry and my nephew's beef burger was severely overcooked. We got side salads and they were very underwhelming. All in all, totally not worth a $36!!
This place is yummy. The lunch specials are awesome, and even dinner is very reasonable. The panang curry and larb salad are my favorites. I'll definitely be adding this to my list of Thai restaurants.
Just wanted to share this was a wonderful office.  So efficient and caring...answering all my questions with compassion.  I recommend Dr. Bailey and his staff to anyone who is seeking a ENT specialist!  Awesome Practice!!!
The beef and chicken tacos are excellent. Make sure you check in and you will get a free margarita!!
This location was very busy during my time of ordering, however, I feel they should have been more prepared for the crowd.  This location was understaffed but the food is always delicious.
So... I went in to get an ice cream cake made for my daughters birthday and all there cakes where so half ass I could have made it myself for the 30 bucks I spent \nThe \"happy birthday\" was not good quality at all and I was completely disappointed, seeing as tho I always get my cakes from DQ
very tasty and interesting burgers.  I like the basil burger the best.  Very nice for an intimate place with american style burgers.  Probably the classiest burger joint I've been to
I always enjoy it here, good beers on tap, plenty of food to choose from and a great spot to watch the game. \nService has always been ok. I've never had an issue with the food. No complaints here, during the football season I come often.
I like this location because it is pretty slow I mean I do see people in there, but very few.\nThe manager is very nice and helpful. There is always parking. The lines are always short here and there is almost never a wait. Only bad this is they open at 9:30 am.
Perfect spot for a play date. Playground is right next to patio. Kids play while parents hang in patio. Service was ok.  Hummus was ok The chipotle shrimp pizza killed it. Highly suggest trying! Coming back just for that.
Well prepared bar food, with good specials. I've never been disappointed by their 1/2 lb burger (Tuesdays) or their meatloaf w/mashed potatoes (weekends). Guinness on tap, as well as the usual domestic brands at reasonable prices. Pleasant and efficient bartenders and cook. Music volume kept at a moderate level.
Room was filthy, sliding glass door was broken, and loud music playing outside (tower 5). Moved to new room,  different filth, different issue with broken sliding glass door (won't open). At least it was quiet. Next time I'll stay at a better place.
I've been here about 15 times.  A few times it missed, but otherwise it's fantastic.  Great food, decent prices, and good staffing.
Good food at a reasonable price in a very comfortable setting overlooking the strip.
I am an avid lover of seafood so I was pleasantly suprised to find this place! They actually have an all you can eat Alaskan crab leg deal for $50 on Tuesdays so Ill have to come back to check it out. The service and oysters were excellent and I enjoyed my meal!
Over charged my bill by $250 dollars, took 2 hours to explain to someone that it should not be that much. Very unhappy with their service
This is the most confusing airport I have ever been in, I just wanted to kill things by the time I mad e it out.
I would have given a much better review a month ago, but they're having hiring and inventory issues keeping e cigs in stock and they're liquid e cig prices are more pricey than other shops. Love the manager and the gentlemen. The new young woman needs training in customer service and product/inventory knowledge.
The line was epic but the payoff was good.  There are only a few main ethnic food types not included in this joint.  The automated payment machines were way too slow, they should take a page out of Chipotle's or Target's payment machines, they are fast.
I enjoyed it. Judged by the standards of fast food, it's pretty good. Meat's a little tough and chewy, but I guess you get what you pay for.
First time thru this starbucks. Drive thru was a breeze for a Saturday morning. They were polite and nice. My drink cup was full compare to other locations only filling it less than 3/4. close to home, would go back again.
Late night / early morning poutine with friends after clubbing is a decidedly Monreal-established tradition.  Phenomenal drunk food served fast and pretty much unbeatable at that time of morning!  I wish I had access to this place 365 days per year but my fat ass is thankful I don't.
I love this place! Very fancy setting inside with live music in the evenings. Very surprising their menu is the same all day and the prices are very reasonable prices. I found this place originally on Restaurant.com. They have a $10 certificate for only about $4. Pretty good reason to give them a try, you won't regret it.
These are amazing guys...GR8 customer service...super friendly, and helpful...Sooooo glad I came here...
Best smoothie bar in the state! Fresh fruits and veggies blended up right in front of you- no extra sugar or flavorings added. I go almost every other day when I am home! Nicest family that runs it too. Great fresh juice and sammies too if you are hungrier than a smoothie.
If you're a tourist, and don't have many choices of Japanese cuisine in your home town, Raku is the place for the Japanese experience...\nThere are better, and less expensive Japanese Restaurants in LA, OC, and the Bay area.  \nFood was Ok, service a bit stiff and slow.
I don't come here that often, but it's pretty good. And when I ask for gummy bears they put TONS in there! They never skimp.
Horrible check-in and check-out experience.  The lines stretched practically out the front door.  There were many empty check-in stations at the counter; management deliberately does not hire enough staff and makes their patrons wait.
Ummm just ok by food and setup but service was fabulous and there was no waite and yes the karaoke was fun to watch ... Not sure if I'll be back but I won't say never
Prices are great but received an article of clothing back with a hole in it. There are better dry cleaning options in the area.
The bed was filthy here and the girls at front desk aren't very friendly. Not coming back.
I absolutely love this coffeehouse. I'm lucky to live so close! They are open 24 hours which is awesome. I loooove the egg, bacon & cheddar on a croissant, are you kidding me? NOM! To die for. Tip the ladies well, they are adorable & hard working!
Friendly staff and from what I ordered (Chicken Nacho's and a Steak and Chicken Burrito) the food is fantastic. Not too spicy and too bland. Great for visiting before the cinema, they also seem to have a lot of offers on! (Discount with Unlimited Cineworld Card).
Wow- I am not even sure how to write a review on this one.... literally all I can say is that I was very underwhelmed and disappointed!\n\nI was expecting so much more....
It wasn't the greatest sushi I've had. But it wasn't too bad either. I'd possibly stop by again if I was hungry for sushi and was in this area. But I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
Mediocre food for the price.  The decontructed tuna roll was good but other than that, I wasn't extremely impressed with the food or the service.  I wouldn't classify this restaurant as a seafood restaurant... it has a little bit of everything in it's menu.
Very slow service in an empty restaurant, average food.
Really nice casino..\nNewly remodeled\nSmells new lol\nI think this is going to be my new spot to play craps. Dealers are super friendly!
I would not advise anyone using a restaurant.com certificate to use at this place. I tried to use one and was told they would not honor it for the items that I  wanted even though there are no printed restrictions. I have been there many times, with great results, but never again. And I will tell everyone I know.
The McDonalds of coffee.  Standard service.  Standard coffee.  Still surprised it draws in the number of people it does given the amount of cafes here in Madison.
I contacted them after being very disappointed in the product. I spoke to Kathy the manager and she was very help. They reordered my glasses, I got exactly what I expected on the second visit I am pleased with the out come and happy they stand behind what I was told on initial visit! Thanks
Get the waffle cone! The surprise at the end is a nice surprise!\nMany flavors to pick from and the employees are always nice.\nMissing a 5th star only because they do not take cards which can be a bummer! ATM on site but it charges a fee. :(
Hands down our fav happy hour place!!\n$5 sake bombers, $3-5 great sushi selection - what's not to love about it?\nIf you sit at the sushi bar you get miso soup and edamame complimentary.\n\nTry the DRAGON roll!
Definitely worth a stop. Just inside PH from the MGM Grand side. Prices equally compared to Panera. Good sandwich for the price and free refills on the beverages...\n\nI will go again
I have eaten here several times and always find the food and atomsphere excellent.    The waite statf are outstanding.    It is a great place to have a wonderful meal and relax.     The food and drinks are great.     \n\nIF you want a have a extra special meal with someone special I highly recommend Frank & Albert's
Good idea ,just not executed . the food was OK, it was just a little cold , I'll give it another shot .
Service terrible. Sushi par at best. Better sushi places out there. My salmon sashimi had bones in it.
The pharmacist at this CVS really cares about her customers. Always surprised that she remembers me. Their new Minute Clinic is a bonus. I believe it is the future as more and more of us move away from company supported health care.
great food, fish tacos the best, and the beef nachos are great comes with queso mmm so good.  $2.25 for taps 20oz  and same with the  margaritas. the burritos are good but to much lettuce so say easy lettuce and extra meat.
Hot. Delivered promptly. Low price. Poor to average deliciousness. Look elsewhere if taste is your top priority.
The line was very long when I arrived, but it moved fast. It is consistent like any Tim Hortons and good in a pinch (which is why I went there). \n\nNot everyone speaks english, but enough of them do to communicate what you want.
I think the low marks for this place are unwarranted. Quality of food at this location is every bit as good as the other Atria's around town. Pot roast nachos are out of this world!
Awesome guacamole and the tacos are great! We live in AZ and stopped in for dinner when staying at the boulders. I recommend it!
Blech. The saltiest Mexican style food I've ever had - worse than places like Baja Fresh. I had the fajita burrito with chicken. If you like salty, give it a try; I won't be repeating it.
I have been to this location 3 times, and the service was fast/employees were polite, the food was good, & the atmosphere was clean &  beach inspired. I like Tropical Smoothie b/c it has relatively healthy options served fast & it is reasonably affordable.
A great choice when you are tired of subway.  They slice the meat and cheese to order and the result is a really fresh sandwich.  Really like that they offer a 5\" size, it is perfect for lunch. Also, the mayo/mustard mix is really tasty.
Went here in recommendation from a fam member. For starters the service was good. The server was friendly, cordial and prompt with our order. I wasnt too pleased with the food.
Just aheads up the bouncers will take your ID and not give it back even if you offer them $75.
Wish I could say more....Have had better sushi.
I love potbellys but for the price the sandwiches are small. Back in Chicago the potbelly sandwiches are bigger? Or at least I don't ever remember them being that small?!?
I work only a few blocks away and so naturally we get lunch here about once a week.  The food is good and fresh for the most part and you can't beat the prices but I'd say they should really look into more of a variety of breads.  I think that might help as its better than the plain sandwich bread they use now.
Really great fish. nice selection of roles.  Great service and wonderful atmosphere. I would say that this is the best sushi restaurant in south charlotte.
Had a great massage, actually they gave us a full body massage clothes on, not just a foot rub. Ion bath was interesting, but I think you could skip that part. If glitz is your thing, if you want a great massage for the money then this is your spot! I would definitively go again!
After getting a menu and water they forgot me. I left. Used to be very good starting to slip. Last few times there quality has gone down. Off my braekfast list.
The food was ok but nothing special for the price. The ambiance was ok. The biggest beef (no pun intended) was the overpriced wine list. I mean $55 for Liberty School is just price gouging.
Watch out for this office if your pocket is not deep enough..! \nI would recommend that you get a second opinion before let them sucks out your hard earn $.
Go there for full taste, not for ambiance or decor. Many delicious meal options. I'm not a big Thai food fan, but I can tell full taste when I have it.
Best idea ever; get me away from the terminal, give me competent employees and a garage that is intrinsically laid out, and get me on the road.  While some may not NEED a car in Las Vegas, if you do need one this is just about the most intelligent way to streamline the process that I can think of.
Decent food, incredible ambiance, nice wine flight.  Great place for a romantic dinner or happy hour if the weather is warm.  Dress up and impress your date!
I love this place. The fried dumplings are to die for.
I'm really impressed with this hotel, I booked a balcony suite with a full kitchenette. Bigger than I expected and the room has a lot of space. Not exactly ON the strip but the strip is one block away! I'll be back!
They did a gerat job decorating this place in a way that is still fun to be a part of (even though it isn't \"the new thing\" anymore) , but the food and service seems to have gone downhill quite a bit lately.  Did management change?  Seems to have let its standards slip a bit.
Awesome suites with amazing but super expensive restaurants! Only thing is health club gym costs $12 extra.
I went in to fax a document, when I received the bill I was less then pleased and I mentioned how expensive it was. I was kicked out, flipped off, cussed at and told \"We don't need customers like you\" Guess I should have been good and not questioned him lol
Totally not really into this place.  Had a taste of every taco.  Meh.  Give me a BEER!  They have awesome atmosphere and they have beer thats it.
This place isn't much to look at, but when the I'm talking about a restaurant ambiance falls second to good food. The pho here is great. Really flavorful with a great balance of ingredients. I need to go back and try the Bun.
Can't comment on food since I was just in for beers.  \n\nOkay crowd, friendly bartender, okay beer selection, but it's pretty tacky, and not really in a good way.  Looks like the last time any money was put into the place was maybe 1979.
Don't be fooled -listen to those who recommend Dieu du Ciel. The beer is not very good and the atmosphere is sort of unclean, college bar.
Staff was outright rude.  They were condescending, never apologized once for the wait.  Also saw crickets and roaches near kitchen and in bathrooms which made me want to vomit.  Unless you want a roach roll do not eat here!  I will be spreading the word that this place should be condemned!
Recommend the beef head and tongue. The lamb taco is really two so well worth it. Very authentic and if you are looking for real authentic Mexican tacos then this is the place!
The smoothie was great but the wrap was bad. The service was slow and seemed very confused.
This is a great fast food alternative for chicken lovers.  The chicken has great taste, the sauce is flavorful and has a southern soulful flavor.  Staff is friendly and the coleslaw is not bad either.  The box combo is one of my lunch alternative faves.  This is a great alternative to the usual burger joints.
I take all of my shoe repair and clothing mending to these guys. They never disappoint!
Very very very slow service the host is pushy and order came wrong twice! \nBuon appetite. \np.s. we were one of only 2 tables in this horrible place and waited  46 min before our bed food showed up .
I have been here a few times for haircuts - it's hit or miss.  The aromatherapy massage is great!  I love that they carry Bumble and Bumble products.  I just called to have my hair fixed after two weeks and they were happy to take me in.
I've been back twice, still unsold on the iPad but the food is good, smoothies are healthy and excellent and their servers are very good. I recommend. A little pricey but I'll go again.
Not only was the burger I had bad, it was also cold. All I wanted was a decent bacon cheeseburger. What I got wasn't edible at all; even the bacon was bad! How do you screw up bacon?!
Haven't been in a few years, but was pleasantly surprised tonight to find this place has not changed. Excellent food, excellent service, great \"old school\" atmosphere. Never had a bad experience yet. Can't believe anyone would rate this place less than 5 stars!
I love their portabello mushroom burger. It comes with garlic mayo, onions, mushrooms & swiss cheese. I ordered mine without onion and american cheese.  BOMB! Our waitress was really nice and attentive. Merlinda? I'm horrible with names...
Great stay and amenities.  Biggest annoyance was long lines for check in and if you wanted to check out and get a print out long lines.  Hire people that will expedite exit and entrance would be my only comment...then it would have been a perfect stay.
Two feet in the door and I was impressed by the inviting aromatherapy, friendliness of the staff,  variety of services...
The bacon and eggs were great and the coffee was also.. The sandwiches not my favorite. But breakfast is a YES
Uh what can I say about Serendipity 3? Well the workers are friendly. The dessert? Well, nothing to write home about. It is located right in front of the Caesars Palace. Park at their garage, or valet park the car. No parking in front of establishment.
The food is extremely tasty and the prices are more than fair.  I was surprised by just how quickly the food was brought out too.  As for the service, it was excellent.  Both the server and the cook were bright, happy, and welcoming.  I recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting a tasty Thai lunch without having to break their wallets!
Wasn't overly thrilled by the sushi. I wouldn't go back for it. Also the restaurant was really hot and I'm normally cold!
We pickup parts next door to Rollin Smoke BBQ so this is a very convient place for us to eat. They also have sweet tea which helps on a hot summer day.\nTry the chicken sandwich with Mac n cheese. It cannot be beat
Bulls beat ya 4-2 in the Finals. Barkley was sour
I thought it was worth every penny.  We had the omakase to celebrate our tenth anniversary.  Everything was delightful and what a treat to watch the chef create each dish!  definitely a splurge but we will remember it for a long time.
I did my grocery shopping mostly here while I was on vacation. It got the job done but is nothing special. The produce section was smaller then I would have liked but they have a whole aisle for healthy more organic options. Staff is not very friendly. Meh, gets the job done but nothing to ride home about
I enjoyed this location a little more than the Peoria one. The sushi is pretty tasty. Service was ok. Temperature in the restaurant was way too hot for Arizona! I'd give it another shot though!
Great professional care with Dr. Tran- very happy to have her as my dentist!
What a plethora of talent all under one roof!!  One can simply not have enough pieces of art from each member of this artistic community. A must see place.
I will not lie the food I have tried from here super yummy... but paying 7 to 10 bucks for a meal .. I WANT A MEAL... not a kids meal...
Love staying here! Especially if you have a big group of people.  View is amazing and the whole suite is just very comfy.  The pool here isn't bad either.
Bad service !!!!  Second time here, not coming back.!!!!
Pushiest sales guy ever. I will go out of my way to never rent from them again. He was adamant that I needed a larger car and would not take a no for extra insurance. I did not buy extra insurance!
Grass fed burger! And four types of bloody Mary's!
This place is way better then taco bell but they will screw your order up more then taco bell when you go thru the drive thru so just check your food and it tastes good nothing horrible its fast food what can you expect.
These sandwiches are amazing. They fill you up, they're delicious, and it's chill place to go and eat. A must try.
Small servings and expensive.  but the food is great. I love the lechong kawali, tapsilog and daing na bangus.
Bellagio and Wynn Buffets are 10 times better.  It is a beautiful Buffet but much of the food is overcooked and the service is slow/lacking and tables are too tight to get in and out of without knocking into your neighbors.
Gotta have the Chicken and waffles with bacon in the center of the waffles, the fried green tomatos are a winner too.
Dated, but nice.  Good Chicago hot dogs and they sell Old Style beer!  Can't beat that!
definitely not a spot to go and watch a game. bartenders refuse to turn up the sound on any of the TVs.. sandwiches are okay and the drinks are way overpriced for Las Vegas
Ok food... I wouldnt go back. Not much else to say...
Nice space. Hidden away from the streets below. Good service. Just had drinks. They had a bit of a moth problem though.
First time eating at this place ordered their pastrami boyger man I'll tell yah that stuff was delicious and juicy!!! I shared it with my dad and he loved it as well. But for sure I'll come back again !!!!
Delicious Chilean Sebass, excellent Mac n cheese, and a great wine selection but the service.... A little slow
Bad services and rice noodles are not recommended. The assorted meat noodle tastes like a half effort version of tom yum.
I have loved practicing yoga here. The teachers are so friendly and do a great job describing the poses so no matter what level you are at you feel challenged.
Can I give less than one star?\n\nI purchased a Living Social to try their cleaning service.  Sam, the owner, confirmed the date and time by email but did not show, call or return phone calls and texts.  I am requesting a refund from Living Social and wish I would have checked YELP before wasting my money.
I've been here plenty of times, trying different items. sukiyaki beef bowl was mostly fat, some of the sushi is fine, salad is great, soup is good too. any of the meat dishes I've had was hardly meat, it had chewy fat =/
2nd visit here and 2nd time receiving horrible service. Our cups of green tea were empty our entire meal, service is slow, and mediocre quality. Much better places in the valley. I will not be coming back for a third try.I love to support local businesses but this one needs some improvement.
Love this place!   I visit at least once per week to shop or sell clothes :)
When in Vegas.... Went for a bachelor party. You get \"hassled\" a lot. They are good at their jobs...
I don't go to this location often but of the few times I have been there I've had to ask for my receipt. I find that very suspicious. There is a number to call if you don't get your receipt but I've yet to remember to write it down first.
Delicious & very filling sandwiches. The small was hardly small.... The Bobbie fulfilled a Thanksgiving craving of mine. Will definitely be back!
Exceptionally attentive service.
It's not a bad restaurant, if you want some really good sushi go somewhere else, but if you don't feel like finding another place then I would eat here.  I had the dragon martini, which I wouldn't recommend.
Confusing car wash. Can't see words on the screen and don't bother asking for a receipt. Wash took forever to start and hardly gave me the ultimate wash I requested.
This place is awesome!!  Brian and staffs was so helpful!!!
Like Chipotle but hate parking, traffic around the mall?  Here you go...good fast casual mexican food, great prices, and a convienent location.
Food was okay, but was very surprised that they have absolutely no handicapped accessibility. Steps to get in from the street, restrooms up the stairs to 2nd floor. No accessible stalls in restrooms. Surprising in this day.  NOT HANDICAPPED ACCESSIBLE.
The food was pretty spicy.\nThe portion was not big.\nThe price was not cheap.\n\nAll our four kids (8/7/6/6 at that time) did not like the food !
I really didn't get to see a lot of the Arizona Republic. I had a meeting on one of the top floors, and it was very nice and had a great view.
One almost gets the vibe their in L.A. at this coffee house. Hipsters, Burlesque Museum, Art, Good Music and Good Coffee can be found here. Great place to people watch as well.
Kinda mushy pizza here. Barro's is all over this valley, but usually tastes better than what I got here. Not the best salad either. Better places are nearby.
Came here with Friends for Drinks and Food. The Wings were decent. Defiantly more of a causal environment and laid back feel.
We had breakfast at Jamm's and enjoyed the hearty food served by the great attentive staff.  I had the bacon burger w seasoned fries...very good.
The food here was good but not great. I heard such good things about the place but went with 4 people total and no one was really impressed. Had good service and atmosphere.
Love China One- this is our go-to place at least once a week.  Our fav's are Shrimp w/ salt and pepper, Snow pea and shrimp, and wonton soup.  All are excellent and fresh, not at all greasy.  Delivery is lightning fast.
Awesome pizzas, but definitely order off the regular menu!!! The pastas are homemade, the giardinara is the bet I've had, and the desserts are created by the pastry chef from Sage! Homemade gelatos and ice cream sandwiches should not be missed!
This place was really bad today. Took about 45 minutes to get our food. Asked for well done ham and it came out barely cooked and the potatoes were borderline raw. Food stayed on tables outside during most of our visit, which meant birds were hovering constantly. Not likely to return.
Always a great place to go for lunch. The avocado egg rolls are amazing!
All you can eat Sushi for $20/person??? HELLS YEAH!!! And it's fresh too!
Ordered a medium rare prime rib and it was too dry, don't think I'll be back anytime soon...maybe it was because it was the middle if the week.......
Great healthy and flavorful options. I need to remember that brrrrr its always cold in there. Pretty noisy for a business lunch but I always end up havng biz lunches here. Must be the killer service and breakfast all day options!
I had brunch here this morning with  my brother.  The coffee was outstanding and the Mediterranean Omelet was very very good!!! Highly recommend this place.
This place sucks! The guy at the front is rude! They tell you don't worry about your room and give it away and them tell you too bad!!! Rooms are dirty too! Never again will I stay here!
Amazing customer service! You can tell the employees do their best to learn everyone's names right away. I go in without an appointment usually and they always squeeze me in to their seemingly busy schedule. The prices beat everyone around Goodyear, I've done my shopping. Highly recommend this place for tanning or even just spa services.
The best part about this place is it's name! \n\nThe food was fine. Not good, Not bad. It's just Americanized Mexican food, Nothing worth writing home about.. not even worth writing any more of a review about either.
Come down to Biscayne tonight! Try our special, Cabernet braised short ribs with creamy mushroom risotto!
Customer Service was Very Poor at the Buffet and The security was rude. feel so sorry for my kid and my husband.
My question this is a great Costco, but why do they charge more for gas than any other Costco iin the area.  Overcharging their very good customers.\nI had a pepperone slice  of pizza on Saturday, but there was no cheese on the pizza. just sauce and pepperoni.
hidden gem
This place is awesome.  So nice to have options for us locals. For years we had to settle for just m&m and coke, now we got my fav reeses. Couple suggestions, samples and add more dark chocolate.
Overpriced not so tastey food. if your looking for a greek type meal you can find better places then this.
Food is really good. Their country fried steak is really good especially the mash potatoe
a wonderful place to get a steak cooked perfectly, and the seasoning is spot-on every time.  No need for condiments!!
This is one of the best if not the best coffee haven in Charlotte. The atmosphere is terrific the product is fabulous the people are awesome and now I have a great rewards program on top of everything else
New favorite place to stop at before the movies. I love the pinkadelic w pop rocks n nerds on it!
Room was clean and comfortable. Very nice for the price. There did not seem to be away to unload at the front door without paying for valet, so we had to walk a good distance with our bags. Also, this hotel is at one end of the strip, so be prepared to do some walking to get to many of the other places.
Great coffee - if you are looking for a coffee shop that serves great coffee that isn't part of a chain, look no further.  Didn't get a chance to try the food, which looked good.  Friendly staff and lots of them at busy times.
Ok. Health Scale goes out the window. We're Talking about dessert!  Custard is so much yummier than ice cream. If you've never had it it's time for a new experience. I love custard!
Not really going to review my care but will say I am a patient and I will continue to go here.
Not very good from a true hookah experience more on the tended or fashionable scene.  Also it is expensive for one bowl of shisha.
HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!! Went in for a simple sandwich before the movie, was seated right away but ordering that was a different story. Sat there for 20 minutes without water or being able to order, had to walk out or I would have missed my movie.
awesome food, great price. Fresh, made to order right in front of you with several choices.  Had the Taco Salad - asked for it to be made without the shell - added fresh avocado instead of the guac. - love it!    Glad its also close to waxhaw - need more things down that way.
Great place to have in the neighborhood.  Very friendly staff.  Very convenient.  If I don't want to drive to Costco, I'll go here.  This store has great meat deals.  The cleaning products are also exceptional.  This store occasionally has good prices on beer as well.
I called them beforehand and asked questions and they were very helpful. The course was inclusive but was fairly straight forward and easy. As advertised. You may pay less for your ticket. Good Luck!!!!!!!!!! Waiting for my official notice of the ticket being dismissed.
Location Closed
Great food! I love the chili cheese fries, chili bowl, and avocado grilled chicken sandwich. They have a variety of food and its all pretty dang good!
I have never shopped here for furniture, but they have GREAT unique and inexpensive gifts.  Small home decor items, jewelry, candles, bath and body products, and also really funny cards and sarcastic gift items.  It was my little secret, but now that I moved, I guess I will share it with all of you!
This is truly a FIVE STAR Toy Store for childen.  First class educational toys, and first class just to have fun toys!  Friendly and helpful staff and and all around great store to shop in.   The store itself offers shoppers a wonderful browsing experience.
Nice and clean little cafe, perfect for breakfast.
Cheap good food.  You will leave with your side busted out.  One of my favorite dives when I visit Vegas.\n\nSkip the Pink Taco and try this place.  The refried beans are to die for.
Excellent chile rellenos, tamales, and enchiladas. Great chips and salsa. Very friendly service.
Great food, good prices, food takes awhile. But worth the wait, to be honest. Might be better if you don't go on a weekend?! Service was good. Bigger than it looks on the outside.
This is a really great place to have lunch. The food is always made to order. They always have a daily special. I highly recommend the homemade chips.
My absolute fav place to chill with a craft beer/glass of wine in the city.  Great scene/relaxed vibe.  Dogs welcome on the patio!  Need I say more for all the dog-lovers out there?! Great deli and wine/beer selection available inside.
Awesome flavorful and original twist on Mexican food. Terrific friendly service with a feeling that you're not in Pittsburgh for a moment. With Mexican music playing and Spanish being spoken this place is a display of laid back authenticity at its best.
Best homemade chips & salsa around!
Ugh the sushi is terrible here!! There is no flavor and its dry! I have had tons of experience with sushi...the good, the bad, the food poisoning!!
The waitress are not hot at all...and honestly i think they can think of better outfit than orange boyshorts and skin color stockings. \nFood is just like other sports bars. Not a fan of the wings
Are kidding me? TERRIBLE service! I waited for 15 mins. W/O anyone coming to my table! I had to go up and get  my own menu and remind the staff I was waiting. Go to Wild Thaiger or Thai Rama...better food and WAY better service!
I had a good experience for each time I visited. The staff is friendly and very efficient. The quality of the food is good, and I cannot complain about the prices. I recommend this place for anyone wanting a pub environment or a late night drink.
If you're into decadent burgers, this is the place for you. Burger Bar is a casual restaurant in the Mandalay Bay which features awesome shakes and gourmet burgers. Pricey for a burger, but I would say it's worth it. \n\nGet the sweet potato fries.
It's Taco Bell. Nothing great. In fast and poor quality. Nothing else.
Pho is good but its not best pho or egg rolls (they don't even serve it with the lettuce and herbs) you can get in Pittsburgh. On the flip side though, their owner is super friendly
Used to be better.   Drinks seem really watered down and their margaritas suck ass.  Just stick to beer.   \n\nHappy hour deals used to be awesome, but now nothing special.
Very tiny, trendy, wine spot - went there one night with my boyfriend and we just had wine (2 bottles) but we had a great time.  The service was awesome and very friendly.  Wine was moderately priced - not the best selection but a little of everything.
I dined here twice with friends while staying at Mandalay Bay for a convention.  I highly recommend the seafood tower!  It made our evening!
Whoops just discovered Pho Annie. Probably never coming back here. Sorry Jenni Pho. Nothing really major against Jenni Pho. In fact from my experience Jenni Pho has better service. But I'd currently still choose Pho Annie instead.
Worst service ever!! I can only order 1 drink at a time for 2 people? WTF!!! How long em I in time out for? Don't come here!!
Pianists at bar take tip but do not play requested songs.\nDrinks become more expensive after music starts without prior notice.\nOver charged my credit card; added charges I didn't authorize.
I can almost always find something fan-fuckin-tastic for less than half the price it'd be in it's original store.
The extra star is for atmosphere. I really wanted to enjoy this bar, but after waiting 30 minutes for drinks without success, we decided to call it a night and retreat to our room. The three bartenders made a total of 9 drinks in that 30 minutes (including service bar orders), and three of those were bottled beers.
Horrible service! Bad food! Guac is flavorless and chips are thick and do not compliment the guac texture. Asked for a margarita four times and it never came. Never returning'!!!
This has got to be my new favorite store! The prices are affordable and the clothing is AMAZING!!!! The service was great. The girls that were working attentive and sweet! Can't wait to go back again!!
Came in for early dinner. It was wonderful. Melissa loved the beef sliders and I had the turkey sliders. Everything was incredible. Justin does a great job handling the bar. Wonderful beer selection here as well.
Great fries with lots of creative sauce options.  Good service and couple great local area  beers. Fun to hang out.
This place quoted me almost 300$ to repair my louboutins.  Granted there are a lot of repairs but another shoelab location quoted me less. Scammy
i did pickup and delivery from a hotel on the strip and they were fantastic!
OMG ... This was all delish. We got crazy looking and choosing from the variety of chocolates they had here. Service was friendly.
Very tasty freshly prepared burgers. Excellent sweet potato fries. Nice place for lunch right next to the ASU campus.
The quality of the food is inconsistent. I used to love their falafel, but the last time I had it, it was so bitter it wasn't edible. The guy who works there seems very stressed and angry. He doesn't ever smile. The prices are good and when the food is good, it is decent.
Wow, this is a really great Mexican restaurant.  I first went there about a year ago and was quite impressed.  Tried it again with my wife and friends this time and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.  \n\nI'll try to come back to this place each time I'm back in the Phoenix area!
The frozen hot chocolate was very good! I had the meatball parmesan pizza which was ok. My hubbie had the mac n cheese which was very good but super rich. All in all, pretty good but expensive for what you are getting.
I've been to a few buffets and this one is the worse. The staff was nice and friendly but the food wasn't that great. All the chicken was over cooked and hard, but was cold in the center. Most of the food I got was lukewarm at best. Best thing they had was the apple pie.
Service needs a major overhaul, however the food was pretty good.\n\nThe pancake with honey BBQ pork was really tasty, though a bit difficult to eat. \n\nThe sauteed shrimp appetizer was so delicious -- my favorite!
I use to live here...The water is somehow connected to the toilet or something... Smells like doo doo... Cockroaches infested the neighborhood... Also Be aware, they'll find all reasons to rob your security deposit..
This really was a \"Less Stress\" move! I was so glad that I selected them for my daughter's move out of her 1-br apartment!   Maurice and company were fun, professional and so quick!  The move was completed right at my planned budget.  I would definitely recommend them for anyone looking for a moving company!
If you're looking for a good meal, or even an average one this isn't the place for you. The food tasted like leftovers that had been frozen, thawed, refrozen and then microwaved. They were also quite pricey and there are much better places to eat in the city centre than here.
Great Pho and spring roles. Their pricing is great and if you go between 5-6 PM and pay cash you get a 50% discount on many items. The service is very friendly and efficient. I have been to Urbana on three occasions and have eaten here 4 times. Just love it.
Rude and discourteous employees. No horchata latte. Bummer waste of time. Phoenix and Tempe Cartels are completely different.
Get a steam pot yummy food
For downtown this was a great experience.  Free parking, nice friendly staff were everywhere for whatever question you had.   NIce pool and water slide too.
The food was good, reason for the 4 stars is the service was not that great but I always give people the benefit of the doubt it was an hour before closing so maybe the servers was tired I'll try it again.
This place is great! The pizzas are delicious and prices aren't bad either. The only bad thing is, the place is so small that when there are huge events in the Downtown Glendale area, you can wait for over an hour and a half.
Amazing food but croweded due to the new attraction
Don't waste your precious buffet dollars here. Go anywhere else on the Strip for a wider selection.
It is  a great hotel right in the middle of all the action with the tastiest  1.99 foot long  hot dog
Good food, family owned, priced right and overall a nice place to grab Mexican food at a reasonable price.  Better than those BS fake places like Ajo ALs or Macayo. This is simple, fresh and done right.\nOur good to place for wanting Mexican and budget conscience.
Variety, $20ish, Cheap for what it is and Crabs. That's classic Vegas.
With all the uncertainty,in fast food.This right here;is Truly a most Def.In our constant driving schedule;will be sure to pass along your locale.
Utterly forgetable, 100% cafeteria food.  The lines are insanely long, the food is insanely mediocre... whole experience was a big ol blah.  Only good part was that they brought you booze (if you paid).
Not bad, but over priced for Boulder Highway. Go to the steak house at Arizona Charlies instead.
Grande conf\u00e9rence, service OK mais pas sp\u00e9cial
I got a very nice message from the owner so I decided to order again.\n\nThey got the order correctly and delivered promptly.  Their food is still amazing and have become a favorite delivery spot for whenever out of towners come to visit.\n\nMy visitors always love their pies and chicken fingers!
about 5 years ago this place was my go to greek place, however now its just bleh. im not sure if it changed owners or what the situation is but after the last few times being \"ok\" at best, i wont be returning.
Food was 4 star..\nThe service and the interior design was 5 star..\nIf they had happy hour or some specials would be nice
Horrible service.  Ordered food at 5 and at 6:30 Wer still did not have our food.  The \"General manager\" just gave excuses with zero results. Literally he did nothing get our food, stood behind me doing nothing.  We just left  never to return.
Cool vibe, cool idea, cool bowls... But just not as good as I had hoped. After trying a wide variety of the pasta bowls, I'm just not impressed. Worth a trip but nothing is flavor filled.
Do not go to this restaurant if you care about customer service. The place was empty and the service was horrid. We walked out and will NEVER return
I've been here several times and they always do a good job.  It's really close to where I live and I like that.  Definitely recommend this place.  I've only had the guy that sits at the front do my nails so I don't know about the rest of the staff but he's great.
The food here is actually pretty good, but the service is absolutely terrible when the owner Rajiv is not around. And forget about the delivery, the food is always cold and then they blame you if they can't find the place.  They really need to work on the service.
Drink was watered. Does not know how to make a cosmopolitan. Explained how and came back marginally better. Others received bread, we had to wait and a second waitress asked if we wanted some. For the prices service should be professional, thought they were amateurish. Food ok. Not busy.
Grassroots is the type of restaurant that one can tell is serving fresh made to order food. The burgers are great, the brisquit is great, the sides are awesome. I have tried the fish and the steak. Both excellent. I have never had a bad meal.
Good enough to quiet a craving. Not good enough to create one.
Went in on Black Friday around 9:00am, they we're very busy.  Had every intention of buying a Bosch dishwasher; but after standing in front of the appliance for 10 minutes and watching an employee walk buy and not ask to help me out, we left.
The food is delicious. The downside is the small cramped and dingy atmosphere.  The one in Mesa is much better because of the seating and patio area that it has that the Tempe location is missing.  I would order the food ahead to go at Tempe.
dont bother
Great full body workout combining weights, pilates and ballet with small isolated movements with upbeat music.  Results evident after 10 classes. Well worth the monthly dues.
Amazing food! Amazing ambiance! Excellent service. The GM came to talk with us and everything! Everyone come check out this new restaurant!
Good food, poor business practices!  Be AWARE when using coupons, even theirs, and ordering a \"meal\" they do not give you the \"meal\" pricing.  This devalues the coupon.  The fact they are not upfront about this is deceptive.  My Quiznos calendar is in the trash!
Thanks for mopping 45 minutes before you close. My food tastes like pine sol. It WAS delicious... But the rudeness in timing ruined my meal with my son. Did I miss tipping you and I'm getting this kind of service? Wait til I walk out!!!!
I love the ladies that work here at this pet salon!  They are extremely well trained and love animals!  Everyone here seems to have a special relationship with every dog that comes in.  I probably wouldnt trust my dog with anyone else.
This place is horrible. The tables and floors are always dirty. There is also a weird smell on the west side of the restaurant. The staff is friendly but a little on the rough side looks wise. The food is either over cooked or cold and stale. I would suggest spending your hard earned money on the Chilis across the street.
Paid for the $27 wash for my new car, wasn't any better than the $5 express. Inside door frames not wiped clean, bug marks still on mirrors, drips and spots when I got home, it's in the details when you pay that much and they were lacking.
best in all categories
Good burger, expected Italian beef to be better. No gardinera, would probably made it better. Good prices for portion size. Plenty of seating inside and out.
Magnificent food. Worth every penny.\nHad lunch and everything was first class.\nService was fantastic.
The only reason we stayed here was for Oyster Bar.  The rooms were OK.  Kinda dingy and old.  And the pool was so small.  Def not worth it, plus it's not that cheap of a place to stay in.
Not sure I'd say I got my $52 worth of food, but I did sample a lot of dishes. They were tasty, but the gelato bar was to die for.\n\nEntrees on a whole were ok (3 stars), but the quality of the desserts is what bumps it up to 4.
I have been going to Los Olivos for more years than I care to remember.  They still have the best Mexican food in town, and you can't beat the salsa.
TI is still my second favorite hotel in LV.  Right behind The Venetian.  The service is great and you can still get wonderfully decorated and clean rooms for a good price.  The other stuff like shows, etc do not really do anything for me as the other reviewers.  I go for service, price and value.  And TI has all three!
Over-rated. The food sucked. The service was somewhat entertaining, but I thought it would be different. It's like our waiter tried too hard. People at another table seemed to have a better waiter. It's expensive and not worth it.
Went to Zeke's this morning on the strong recommendation of a friend. Impressed by the very good coffee, and by the friendly and sincere atmosphere. Will definitely be back.
I'm not a big fan of Asian buffets because the food tends to be greasy and bleh. The food was meh for me here. BUT they do offer a great variety of choices. THE SUSHI WAS THE BEST PART. Probably wouldn't go back.
Grade: C+\n\nYes, you read that rating correctly. Chalk this one up to a dare to see if I could eat 30 shrimp. Not a problem. Interesting clientle aside, this place was surprisingly not sucky.
The food was great and lots of healthy sides!  Wonderfully surprised by the food quality, tasty and affordable.
Good food, great deserts...    Nice atmosphere with friendly people.   Come hungry or split a meal so you have room for the best stuff....
it's not worth its price!! The taste was just so so. The waiter always recommended us the expensive food but not good food!
Very expensive for what you get. My panini was OK but I've tasted better at cheaper places. My boyfriend's breakfast sandwich was very tiny and cost as much as mine (about $11). He was also not satisfied.\n\nDefinitely would not eat here again.
Only been in once all I have to say its ok nothing even remotly worth going again for, over price soda at 2.75 had gyro with french fries(frozen kind). Decor is nice wait staff also friendly ended up costing me 15$ for something that was worth half that.
I order the cuban sandwich and the pan con bistec. The sandwiches were kind of dry and needed a little bit more sauce. The fried bananas with garlic sauce on the other hand were unique and tasty.
Eww so gross. Got a simple omelet that ended up being 11 bucks- salsa was gross, egg were so greasy I couldn't even eat it. Will not be returning. BreAkfast is not that hard to do.
My girlfriend had to drag me there Because I did not want to go to the palace station for seafood. Boy did I eat my words... It was awesome the food was amazing and cooked fresh to order. Not only was the food great but so was the service big thumbs up to Steve and Ricardo.
Wayyyy better than 99 Ranch or SF. They've got much fresher produce and a cheap bakery section. Always gotta pick up a Sponge Cupcake along with my groceries.
Would award 0 stars if possible to the optical department.  No idea of what they are doing.  They do not have any regards for the customers.  Go someplace else
Great place on the strip to stay Their rooms are hit or miss!! I was in an outdated version that had a bathtub right next to the bed. Tacky!  Shops at the hotel are amazing and they have a lot of great restaurants to choose from.
Disappointing  - the service is slow, the staff, indifferent.  You can see the kitchen from some of the tables, and they were not happy when a kids burger was sent back raw.  The fries were bland, the burgers, sad.  Overall - save your money. its not worth it.
I have only visited this place for Kiwanis Club of Tempe - Nuevo meetings every Tuesdays at 12pm and Kiwanis Club of Tempe meetings every Thursdays at 12pm.  But I would say that all the staffs who works here are very kind and friendly.
Awful, awful, awful...  The worst of the worst of the cookie-cutter Chinese restaurants.  Food without flavor, a menu without imagination and a staff of such profound indifference it's hard to tell they're even there.
This is a good spot to come to just to get a drink since it's not that crowded.  My bf and I stopped here on a Saturday night.  The bartender was laid back yet prompt.\n\nIt's primarily a burger place.  We only had drinks here.
I was very excited to get the opportunity to play Shadow this week.  It was everything I expected it to be.  Great layout, perfect fairways and greens, very friendly staff, and great forecaddies.  If you get the opportunity, you have to play it!
Love Vinnies on South Blvd and at the Lake! Both have great service and food. Especially enjoy the convenience of location on South Blvd
Bee-U-tiful resort! The hype is true. Very pricey, but if one can afford it, you definitely get what you pay for!
Hash House is hands down the best place for breakfast in Vegas. Their portions are too big for on the spot consumption which is an issue and almost gets them four stars from me. Not too many people know this, but Hash House also serves up great lunch. This is a must visit whether you are a resident or tourist.
Poor service, lack of cleanliness, and unbelievably bad food.. A one star is too high of a rating! No second chance deserved here - no way we will be back.
Adobada is ah-mazing! Wedge Salad is also really good. Kinda felt like I was in Santa Fe for a bit...I highly recommend this place!
Satan's playground.
Stopped by for some bbtea which was decent. The food looked and smelled really good.
Best sushi for the price around Tempe!  If you want great sushi and don't want to spend a ton of money then this is the place for you.  They have the best Las Vegas roll I have ever tried, hands down.  This place isn't too fancy, but you will leave satisfied.
It's your standard american chinese food place, and they deliver. I like the food at Dragon City better, especially the chicken dishes, but this place delivers and they don't.
Visited here on a whim and it was decent. The food was really good. My only compleat would be that we were just about the only costumers there and the service was really slow. But I will definitely be back .
Slow service on St. Patty's day - one bartender on a busy day. Loud karaoke singing - kind of annoying.  The best part was getting to roll some dice after ordering a very expensive $29 margarita yard.
Food okay but over-priced... They charged my debit card for the meal three times and didn't do anything about it to compensate. Would never go again! Boooooooo!
I went to see Dr. Liu. He seemed like a great doctor. The office staff was so rude when I tried to schedule my surgery, I decided to go to another doctor.
Great work by Jared and his guys! We had everything done from a partial kitchen remodel to a new shower to put in to all new lighting put in. All was done very timely, and extremely professional. Anytime we do another home improvement we will be calling Jared for sure.
This place has such a relaxing atmosphere and the drinks are great!
Boring pretentious mall with old dated stores
Their food is okay, just over priced.
Went in for a couples massage with hubby. Jackie and Taylor are wonderful, having never been before each of them knew just by looking at us who could do the best work on each of us. We will return, they are both awesome!
Slight mishap with being given salmon when swordfish was ordered but quickly fixed, very pleasant server, everything was fresh, food delivered timely and at a non rushed pace. Overall another very good experience.
I love their boneless wings! They also have a good burger, but I wouldnt recommend their chimichanga. Good beer and good service.
Unfortunately my chicken sandwich was not crackin. Bread was hard & burnt, chicken was burnt and dry like jerky. Maybe the food is better when it's not New Year's Day. The fried zucchini were cool. Staff was nice but it would have been nice to also have a sandwich while the BF enjoyed his western bacon.
Horrible service today! Not really a godd lunch place anymore as it seems things are taking long to come out of the kitchen. We asked our server for our check and obviously we are on lunch and she goes to take 2 more orders and disappears.
Expensive for some lousy NY-style pizza. Cost $35 for 2 larges! The pizza itself was greasy and fairly untasty. Better off with Barro's or hungry howie's.
Great for a civilised drink, I had wine but the people next to me ordered giant club sandwiches which looked excellent, great relaxing but smart atmosphere, love it
Love the place.  The service is fantastic and fast. There is truth in the other reviews about portion size being small for the amount paid, but the food is delicious
The food is always awesome. The time it takes to come out is a little to long some times. Regardless it's a great place to eat and healthy.\n\nEdit: wow the article about their cookie was interesting. To good to be true. :/
So confused on why people think they have good burgers. Even the burger patty looks weird. The buns taste anything like bread and the quality sucks.
The show is great! And that's the only good thing in the hotel!. The buffet was very very poor, not better even than any $10 Chinese buffet. If you think MGM buffet was poor, come to TL to see what's really poor!
Fun atmosphere, great theme. The food is huge and really does make you feel like you might have a heart attack. The quality of the beef on the burger seemed off, maybe just because they're trying to stuff so much fat in there.
Eh, the food here was just okay. I would definitely prefer to eat somewhere else for the money.\n\nThe service was friendly, and the tater tots were good!
The food is good but if you like sweet staff you will love this restaurant. The best of this buffet is the desserts, to many choices! The price is good for the food that you receive and even thought the day that I went was crowded (Dec 25) the service was ok. I recommend this place.
This place has great food at an affordable price. The shrimp lo mein was outstanding and the Thai spicy chicken was very flavorful, it had a good kick of spice without being overwhelming.
It's okay, I've had a lot better
I would like to give a review but they were out of mostly all the great goodies that were recommended to me, therefore I will have to go back after the holiday.
I am here with reservation for my bros bachelor party and rented a Cadillac escalade. Get here, they said two hour wait on all cars, did not look at my reservation, seconds later now they said completely out of cars sorry. What's the point of reservation ?
warning-avoid-thief-dishonest business practices\n\nyelp needs to allow its users to give negative stars!\n\nevery single bad review for this company is 100% true. \n\ndo yourself a favor and avoid this company!!
Nice suites in a new wing of Mandalay. Rooms were great, but Casino was not - slow nights, dead floors. \n\nI ended up at the Luxor most of the time. Not much happening at the far end of the strip.
Inside the Planet Hollywood mall area, this location is ok. Not as friendly service as im used to but they do make a good coffee. Less hassle then the starbucks in planet hollywood casino.
I was excited to visit the local Harley Davidson dealer and found the facility really nice. Lots of bikes to see. However, I felt like I was bothering the employees when I asked to purchase some parts. I got my parts, but really did not like the personal. When will businesses learn about customer service?
Exceedingly slow, even though they didn't seem that busy. Very poor quality wash. They actually smeared dirt on previously spotless areas on the interior.
Not bad, I tried the New York style cheese pizza for 10.00, I have to say it was very tasty, I was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed it.
4  star service, food, drinks. They even gave a complimentary dessert to commemorate our engagement. Highly recommend this place to others.
For the price I expected more, a lot more.  I went here for lunch about 5 years ago and was disapopinted by the lack of selection.  There are many other better buffets to choose from, like at Paris, or Encore/Wynn.  I would skip this one, not worth it.\n\nDerek
I are here and will never go back again food was cold, dry and the sauce was nasty tasted like liquid smoke and ketchup with vinegar. Not the best service very slow. I told them my food was cold and she said oh okay I will have them fix it same food came out the just stuck it in a microwave.
If you have any respect for your taste buds and stomach...don't just don't even try this place because the grease and soggy ness will knock you over and kill the rest of your mall experience
Hmm not my favorite place on the Strip. Service was pretty bad... Most of the workers had attitudes. The crepes were just alright, and coffee was decent. Not worth the price for sure but then again it is located inside the Venetian.
My friend and I stayed here over a weekend. I loved it. The decor is quirky and fun. It has a sketch/chalk drawing and comic book theme with lots of colorful details. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Edinburgh!
Great food and world class service. Gnocchi and risotto were deliciously rich but I can't emphasize enough how good the service was.
Great sushi for serious sushi eaters.  The omakase is expensive but definitely the way to go. Quite the adventure.  The sauces the chef puts on the sushi/sashimi is what makes the difference.\n\nThe black cod dish is unbelievable.
Rare Angus Burger on Onion bread with Blue Cheese! Intense flavor! by far, best burger ever. better than Umami, better than 25 degrees..
Great table cooking! Love it!
Excellent dinner.  Pricey, but worth it!  My server, Michael was wonderful!  Everything I ordered from sashimi to uni risotto to peking duck was delicious.
My first and last visit: food was not worth the price, the service stinks, and the staff is very unfriendly.  I will not be going back!
Everything is delicious , the view is beautifully design to look like an small French town, service is great!!!!!
This place has horrible service! Stay away! We waited 15 minutes before we left. Waitresses walked by and didn't even look at us. Like we weren't even here! Avoid this place if you come to TI. You get better service at the pizza place.
Keep driving. Slow. Expensive. Guy got in my car drinking a coke. I don't even eat or drink in my car. Rude employees. Understaffed. Management completely non responsive. Never coming back.
I so enjoyed the spa, all the little touches the Hershey's kisses, the fruit infused water and the ice towels.  I loved that they had cold and hot Jacuzzis.  The music and the smells and the spa lady's rock! Worth the splurge it really does relax you!
Weak happy hour crowd- mostly uptight bankers.  Menu is pretty good.
Food was very good but the way it is decorated is terrible for\na place that expensive. It was cold, bright lights in certain\nareas.......the chairs were uncomfortable.......
Stay Away!  The hallways and bathrooms stink.  The floors are dirty.  It is crowded and rowdy.  The only good aspect of this hotel is fat Tuesday and hashouse.
Who doesn't love Ulta?  Customer service wasn't great at this location, so I'd probably try another store before returning here.
Really like this restaurant. I've only been once, so I can't tell if its because I loved the feel of it or for the food. The pasta was homemade and I remember it feeling a little heavy and chewey, but overall a nice date night spot. Great service.
Drais Afterhours is so fun. I like how they moved to Bally's. Everyone is cool and the atmosphere is awesome.
The best beer selection in Pittsburgh and its surrounding suburbs. Incredible Belgian draft selection. Half off all Belgian drafts M-F 4:30-6:30 PM. This place is by far one of the best bars in the city.
Waffle sandwich best thing ever!
Love this store! Great stuff from classic to classy, reto and redone, vintage, collectable and antique, there is an amazing collection of things in this shop!  I also appreciate the focus on reuse, reduce and recycle! \n\nThis is a must visit for the vintage shopper!
Approached by a nice girl on the street so we decided to give it chance. Open bar for ladies and even after tipping for free drinks they were still made with mostly filler. Tiny rooms, really hard to get to the bar inside or out. The DJ played decent music. Not planning on going back, but the bartender was adorable.
I don't get why so many people here say it's a bad place. Personally I think this is one of the best Chinese sit down restaurant walking distance from U Waterloo. The menu has many choices, taste is decent, and the dishes are fairly priced.
Nice modern place, good food :) Will definitely go back for more! The beef pho tasted authentic, I am a fan.
Had lunch here with work mates. Had the Cesar Wrap and a cup of chili. Wrap was great but chili was so. So. Service was ok. Not the most attentive waitress. Would try again.
Avoid this cab company if you can.  They always try to take a unnecessarily long route  to rip you off.
Very disappointing service and food . What happened ? That was one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Payed $166 for dinner for 2 adults and 2 kids ( including tips ) totally not worth it . If I can give zero star, I would but the lowest I can give is one star.
4 shrimp.......that's all you get....4 shrimp
i find this place gross, after i got food poisoning here once... never again
My flight was 50 minutes early and my driver was already  there at the Airport when I landed and patiently waiting till we were able to get to a gate (since we were early) and then patiently waited for me to file my lost baggage claim too. I used the meet and greet service!! I highly recommend it!
Very poor service! Food quality poor. Doesn't everyone know you have to actually cook meat before you serve it? Ordered burger and meat was raw! Waitress cared less! Skip this joint!
I stopped here for gas and lunch one day. The employees are very friendly, fast, and great with small talk and I had no issues with my sandwich, but I can understand the frustrations of the girl who found a hair in her sandwich.
If it weren't for my heavy travel schedule, Stefan and Kim would nhave to increase their bacon inventory.\n\nA great breakfast & lunch spot.\n\nAlso, one of the best cups of jo in the Valley.
Watch out for the crack windshield guys, after you make a claim to your insurance your rates will go up for filing a claim.
OK\nYou must go there, if only for the CHICKEN FRIED STEAK.\nI can't imagine it being any better
These guys are the best!! Experts, fast and courteous.  I got their name from my brother in law who could not say enough about how great they are and their services too.  Great customer service and excellent work.  No need to ever look any further than these guys.
Pales in comparison to Cabazon outlets in CA, Woodbury outlets in NY, San Marcos outlets in TX and Vacaville outlets in CA. But I live in AZ, so love your own I guess...
Awesome and friendly service. Cinnamon rolls were the best part of the meal. Very awkward that the server takes the order through an app on her own cellphone.
We split the Rambo Breakfast Burrito. It was delicious! Our waitress Misti was very friendly and attentive. The kitchen was slow but we didn't mind this time. It was our first time and plan to go back.
Food is really good...if you are willing to put up with bad service. Very slow, lazy staff make this place one to avoid. We tried it twice with the same results.
best steakhouse in vegas. i know everyone has their own favorite steak in sin city, but this is where i like to go. last year i almost flew a boyfriend to vegas just to go to The Palm for dinner on his birthday. its that good.
Long time yelp user, first time commenting.  Felt obligated to comment bc this was the WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD!  Please do not go here... So bad!
Wasn't impressed with the hair cut. Didn't ask for a wash, but got one because I thought it was part of the hair cut and got a bill for $25. A wash is not typically included, and most guys don't want it. The guy also doesn't know how to do a proper fade/ blend.
Neat decor, cool booth ish places and pretty solid coffee. I didn't watch friends so I don't really get the name but i like it anyways.
A bit too expensive for this lowly pleb but sometimes you just have to go crazy and treat yourself to a Sainsburys 14 inch triple cheese meatfest pizza rather than your ordinary Lidl's option.\nBeware though, this is the coldest supermarket in Edinburgh, take a coat with you, even in summer!
Food was okay. Small portions and pricey.
closed!!!!!!
Great food.. Try the green monster lamb burger
It took 6 hours to repair, but decent prices.
Are u kidding me $53 for a mediocre meal!!!!! That was nothing short of robbery. Dot get me wrong the interior design was great I just wish the food was good also!!!!!!!!!
OMG! Best day ever!!!!! Quick tip: when paying for a photo with a celebrity keep in mind, you can have 2 people per ticket, so you can do halfsies with a friend!
Super cute clothes, super cheap prices!\n\nI absolutely love little boutiques like this with non-boutique prices :)
Really creative and innovative selection of gifts and cards! They inspire you to say \"thank you\", \"welcome\", \"I care\", \"keep in touch\", \"happy ....\" and maintain all those important connections with wonderful friends and family.
Dined at Riazzi's for the first time last night and was very impressed. It has a cozy family italian feel with all the classic dishes on the menu. The staff was very attentive and the chicken parm with fettucine was delicious!
Good soup, if I am stranded in summerlin I know exactly where to go if I want a Thai version of Pho.
The service from Megan was great, but the food was completely unacceptable. They eventually fixed the issue and took care of my meal. Service is important and I'm glad they made it right the second time around.
ok, my girls love the fajitas
It's a decent pool joint; nothing out of the ordinary. Hot wings were good and not over cooked. Tuna sandwich was actually decent. Had to go up to the bar to order food because we were ignored by the one waitress there.
Meatball sub horrible,little rocks of meat? Never again
This place is very loud and the staff are not friendly.  The food is ok and the drinks are pretty plain.
So happy they opened this at Red Rock! Food was great! Service was good! They just opened last week and you can tell they are still working the kinks out. Will be back, hopefully they will have it more together then.
I have eaten here twice, and both times had the same experience. I doubt if I will be here again. The the decor is very nice but the food is only average at best.
My husband and I love this place.  We go about once a month for date night.  The owner usually serves us - he always remembers us and the service is top notch!  I wish the menu were a bit more extensive but understandable for such a tiny place.  The specials can be a bit pricey but the regular menu items are pretty reasonable.
Good food, not a bad place to hear a show.  Nice beer selection.  The tacos are quite good.
decidedly average. 2.5 stars
Happy hour and selection of sushi is amazing. My favorite roll is the Red Samurai! They have a kareoke room you can rent out for special events! The ambiance and environment is so chic and modern. A great place to have a girls night!
Awesome place! Lauren is the best! Great service! Love the drinks, most definitely will go for seconds!
Not terrible. I only go there because I live nearby. Staff members are friendly and helpful, but peak times are cramped. Also, they've been removing their normal exercise bikes and replacing them with these truly awful video game systems.
I had a Groupon and picked the massage option.  Nancy the massage therapist  had very good technique.  I chose deep tissue massage, and it was not an all over deep massage but she touched on points in my scapular region which needed a lot of work.   I felt great for the much needed treatment.
Very good food and good service. Extensive kids menu as well.
First of all this place is genious - a beauty parlor turned restuarant and the beauty chairs are the bar stools - cant but love it - food was great and service impecable -
Pretty knowledgeable staff.\nGun counter guys are ok, camping people are good too.\nGood knife and gun selections!
Chicken is very good. Fish and shrimp are great. Sides are good too but don't leave without a pint or quart of their gumbo. Like lasagna, it's much better the next day after all of the seasoning have soaked into everything.
Utter piece of crap.\n\n-1 star.
Pretty good pho in considerations of where it is geographically on the US map.\nBeen coming here for years every time I go to Vegas and the best spot for a hangover cure.\n\nService is quick all around from entering to exiting.
The Buffet at Wynn was really good and well worth the price. It's probably one of my favorite two buffets (Paris being the other... which might change). Naturally, there is a long wait. Early lunch is usually less of a wait time though. Prime rib... mmm!
On the menu, the chef claims that seasoning is the most important part of cooking.  Perhaps they should season their overlooked gnocchi.  But at least the service is slow, so you're hungry enough to force yourself to eat it when it finally arrives.
I often stop in this place when Im at Tempe Marketplace to get a drink and relax.  They usually have some decent drink specials and they have a nice big bar.  The bartenders usually take a little effort to order from, not really sure why that is, maybe I just have bad luck.
Boots, polka dance, and free popcorn... Why not?\n\nEssen Haus is a good place to hang out and feel young again. If you're hungry and need a little something in your stomach before you crank up the volume, the brats they serve come in handy.
Walked in to a wall of smoke.. Immediately turn around and left
$40 for a cup of Gumbo, Jambalaya, a Pepsi, and tip. Very, very spicy, to the point of overwhelming any flavor. Jambalaya was a bit salty and greasy, with dried out chicken, definitely not worth $23. I won't be rushing back any time soon.
Tasty waffles. The vibe is still being figured out but the variety of waffles and what you can put in or on them is good. A hip little trendy spot that offers coffee drinks and a variety of savory and sweet waffle options.
The food are not genuine Chinese at all, though they are spicy. The service is not good. I won't go there again.
Came here of a business dinner with my crew, and regretted this choice. Seemed like an over priced Olive Garden with tacky decor. Yikes!\n\nWish we went elsewhere.
Really cool the drinks are perfection!!! And the atmosphere is laid back and makes you feel right at home!!!!
Never disappointing!!! And always fresh and very friendly staff! Best fast food chain... No soggy chicken here. Clean and family oriented. Don't forget to check in... U get a free milkshake with purchase ;)
Rude staff.   Below average rooms.
I love this salon, the staff is friendly and fun and most importantly Stephanie is awesome.  My color and cut are gorgeous and she is so fun to chat with. Look forward to my visits to this awesome salon.  Love Aveda products too.
I can count on Dave.   He is HONEST.  A trait hardly seen in the car repair business these days.  I am afraid to buy anything other than a VW because I would never want to lose \"my mechanic.\"  He's simply the best.  - Bob M & Sile S.
$10.99 for a footlong sub?  $14.99 for a \"premium\" footlong. 6-inch subs start at $7.49.  WTF?
This location is always out of glazed donuts??? Then the girl gives me attitude.  Get a clue, you're a donut shop.  P.s you still have Halloween marketing signs on your counter too.  Obviously not very well run.
Over rated is what comes to mind when I think of this place.  It may be because there is no real good pizza places here in vegas so people rate this place higher than normal the pizza is average at best. The sauce is bland and the cheese seems to be way to greece and takes away from the the taste of the pizza
I'm so happy you are located in the Valley. We fell in love with Cheddars in San Antonio. Especially the croissants and the margaritas.
I thought the pho (with seafood) here was very good as was the banh mi sandwich that I split with Darren. Both came in generous portions as well. The service was wonderful, and insides were classy. I don't know why they serve Ore ida fries though. lol.
Omg... The best service ever. The food was delicious specially the sea food soup. The price is good too.
A little bit too sweet for me and the drinks always not consistent. Every time I went there, drinks always seem different. However, the pastries are great. Location is the best for pet owner because it is next to wag n wash.
I have been looking for a good mexican takeout place, and this one is great!\nHad the chips and salsa and a chicken flauta, both were fantastic! :)
I love the selection... sometimes.. at Savers.  But it's hilarious how out of touch they are with what their electronics are worth sometimes.  Stop by here for a laugh, if nothing else.
Ist einfach gesagt ein schlechter Club. Und das auch f\u00fcr Karlsruher Verh\u00e4ltnisse.
They didn't get the right cigarettes I ordered & for the delivery fee it was quite frustrating but they did get here fast
Pretty good food....come during 12 to 230 for their lunch menu..the price is alot better
This Smith's has gotten much better since they remodeled it.  I still perfer the Smith's up off Eastern. They seem to have a better selection on some items. But this one is closer and will contuinue to still use.
Toooo hot! I think you will be more sick by coming here :/ they need to turn up the AC!!!! It's summer time!!!!!
Went here for the second and last time yesterday. Today the employee I spoke with just didn't seem to care about anything. Their selection is hit or miss. The place is a bit run down and prices are certainly full retail. There are better shops around so I give up on this one.
Dont now now is a new owner but i try to order sonething happend i dint like the old guy was very umprofetional i never went back
Love this place. We lunch here at least once a week. Clean, friendly, and great burritos and fish tacos.
I used to go here and get a monthly massage with Dan. I like deep tissue and he does a fenominal job. I just couldn't afford the monthly membership anymore, as it gets pricy and forget about regular prices.
This place is great!  Great coffee, a nice selection of craft beer on tap and very relaxed atmosphere.  Every time I've gone I've received really good service.  If you're a fan of craft beer or coffee then you NEED to come here!
Little expensive for what you get.  Food was really good but I found myself spending quite more than I expected too for lunch.\n\nAs a plus side, they claim the Krab is Crab in a California roll, \n\nFood was tasty, just a bit higher priced than I would like.
Completely over priced, the food is just mediocre, except for the guacamole which is fresh and delicious. Great variety of Mixed drinks, try the pomegranate margarita.
This restaurant is fantastic. We went as a large group for my cousins birthday and everything was top notch, including the fountain view we were lucky enough to score. Food was great and the service was excellent...would definitely return.
Rip-off.\nThey recently changed their menu and raised the prices BUT they also now give you less food. Don't waste your money.
Possibly the worst mexican place ever. There is a charge for chips after the first bowl. Menu is overpriced. The waitress parks her car right in front. The bus boy parks his motorcycle on the sidewalk next to the windows. The atmosphere is gloomy and outdated. There will not be another visit.
Great time for young and old. Went on a Friday night.  Was not too crowded. From our 5 year old nephew to my 43 year old husband they were all thoroughly entertained. 13 dollars per person for 1 hour may be a little pricey but look on their FB page and sometimes they have discounts.
Best pizza I've had in a looong time. Reminds me of the pizza I had in Italy. I've been craving it every day since. Delicious!
Why no matter if you eat there or get it togo the burgers are never warm? I am not a fan of the Sonic... :(
Food is awesome !!! Highly recommend it. Took a friend for his birthday and he loved it.
Delicious.  Loved the salsas as they were super fresh and you can request a spicier version.  Our dinners were just as delicious.
Not the greatest, but not bad, especially the tower rooms which are newer. The layout means that you are going to walk a lot from the parking lot to the rooms.
The shirts are awesome (I am a customer), the ties are good, the staff this trip were inattentive and snobbish.  So, three stars, but I will be back and will rerate appropriately.
I love this park, and my dogs do too!\n\nIt's beautiful and well maintained. \n\nEven on a busy day there's still plenty of room to walk around, exercise, or have a picnic!
Great food. Always busy when we go, mostky weekends. Always seated quickly. Fast delivery of the food .waitstaff all friendly!
Foodis okay but hire more wait staff. Tired of waiting.
I loved it!! The atmosphere was relaxed and chill. The food was sooo good and filling for cheap prices! Got the white trash burger and the fried squash! The waiters and waitresses were friendly, make great suggestions and were on top of it!
Longgggg time to get the drinks, longgggg time to get the food, untrained personnel,  dry food, poor quality ingredients,  huh....I give it 2 stars for their sauces...but would not recommend!
Great home cooked latin food,  very very tasty, good plaintains, fresh cheese, amazing Blood sausage, \n\nTheir shakes even better!!!!! \n\nA true Latin American wonder.
St Patrick's day and there were 8 people at the bar with 4 bartenders. Still waited 10 minutes for someone to serve me. Put down your phones and earn your tip. That's all we ask.
Decent food (for bar food) Service was slow. Waiter more interested in talking to staff rather than checking up on us or getting us more drinks. Not too big of a deal.\nWould probably go back but its average but better than some of the awful food at some sports bars in the Valley.  Nice atmosphere.
The food is good but I think this is one of the most over rated steakhouses in the city.  Went once and have not gone back.  There are many others that blow this one out of the water.
Lazy Q CLOSED in 2010.  New Owners cleaned up the place and its called JESTERS BILLIARDS.  Tons of beer, AC smoking patio with pool tables.  Re-did tables and got new cues.  Its rockin now.
A MUST see!\nWent two times enjoyed each time!\nTook my son to see it and he enjoyed it so much, I thought it might be a bit much but he loved it!\nThere is no bad seat in this place what so ever!
My family has been coming here for years.   Everything we've tried is delicious. Food is consistent, quick and inexpensive.  The Salt and Pepper Squid, Black Pepper Lobster, and of course the pho is always good.
Paid only $44 total for one night which was ridiculously cheap. Obviously this isn't the Bellagio but everything was decent and nothing was out of order. There weren't many TV channels. The elevators are very convenient though. Overall, a good value.
This location has lower ceilings than the others and the neon lights make the place feel a little clubby instead of a serious gym, but at it's heart it's like any other location... classes are good, equipment is adequate, staff is present (not necessarily attentive).
The best thing here is the strawberry iced tea!
So grossed out by this restaurant. Extremely pricey and disgusting when you walk in. CLEAN your restaurant or hire new staff.
Small, hidden gem in the valley, tucked in the back of a shopping plaza but worth finding. Ron is helpful in finding the best match for you and the sound you are looking for without trying to up-sale anything. The prices are right, no need to shop online anymore. I will definitely be returning for future needs (and wants).
If you notice, they are always running around stressing and running around like if they were lost. I bought a steak breakfast burrito a few days ago and instead they gave me a sausage burrito. Finally, it took three times for them to get it right, how hard is that?
Extremely pleased! Loved the bread at the table, wedding soup was amazing, the pizza I chose for dinner was very unique - fried the finished in the fire oven. It was excellent. Loved the Italian craft beer as well! Will be back!
Hands down the most delicious bagels ever. Closest to New York style bagels ever. A++++ for sure.
Celine Dion sounds much better in person.  Combined with the theatrics and lighting -- it was fantastic.
The chicken strips were really good but the sauce they provide to dip sorta sucked. Maybe I can try it again next time I'm in Vegas...
Was exceptionally clean! Major problem- when we went in at 11:45 am for lunch- food trays were either empty or half empty- no customers in the store- the dishes that we wanted were not ready and had to make other selections for lunch..probably will not go back- due to the poor planning for lunch crowd!
Excellent food! I had the chicken in a pie that was amazing! The crust was flaky and light. I also had a strawberry shake. It was all homemade food from local growers. I would highly recommend this place. The prices are a little high but the food and atmosphere was great.
Great service, very friendly. The spring rolls were fresh and tasty. Great happy hour.
Chris Cowette  7027228585 hooked us up! He got us into Tryst  and XS without any trouble . Good for locals and the French lol #lovespikyhair
not worth the cost of the plate! paid 38$ for a chicken on a plate. no sauce and the vegtables were put on a side plate to share amongst 5 people! i was shocked!. high prices for no reason and waited forever to get served.
Went there for lunch today with my wife. Worst meal I have ever had in Vegas. Everything was way over salted.\nWill not be going back\nGo to HI all the time and this is far from good Hawaiian food. Sorry but being honest
The first time I went to Ishi, the food was great.\n\nEvery time after, it has been just okay. At least twice, the rice was old.\n\nNot good for what they charge.\n\nThankfully I found Toyama.
The food here is delicious !!!! Maybe even better then lindo michoacan !! It's the same prices as them plus they make their tortillas fresh !! My new favorite spot ! & the service is great, very attentive.
Had two espresso drinks and a crepe with Gelato (chocolate crepe with peanut butter gelato, awesome).  Everything was off the charts good. Great taste and great environment to just relax for a bit.
Nice people and good sports atmosphere,  but food quality is very low. No real flavors or special items. The server was very friendly accomodating so service was great.
We came and they were out of crawfish on the last day, but it's okay I'm not mad. However, another customer and I did agree at they need bigger TV screens.
We went to Diablos 8/11/12, been there before loved it.  Will NOT be returning as the bartenders water down the drinks, not the happy hour drinks, regular pay full price drinks!  My friend watched one bartender mix tap beer, WRONG!\nThe food is good but no thanks on drinks!
The lady gave us a free sample of the sweet potato donunt.. Yeah, the sample was the WHOLE donut. Props. That was my favorite and I would get that flavor next time, too.
AT&T UVerse has the WORST customer service..that is IF you can figure out how to communicate with anyone.   Their website is horrible, and after hours, forget about trying to talk to anyone about any issues about dropped programming, missing shows, recording issues..they really do NOT care about their customers.
Came in for a Chocolate Malt and got Hershey' s Syrup with vanilla ice cream, very disappointing.
Always slow, always overloaded. I have flown through here many times, and normally it takes 40-60 minutes to get through security. That in itself makes this airport annoying enough.\n\nThe slot machines are always funny, and there is a decent selection of food. This is the reason for the additional star.
Really nice people and a very clean location.  It's small, but powerful :)     Plenty of changing rooms (not locker room) and a kiosk for classes as opposed to large group classes.
Service is excellent & they will do it \"your way\". I really think that the food & overall, this place is excellent.  Our server PK is great & friendly.
I came to this place with my wife on a thursday night back in July. I liked the place, the food and the service. One of the most difficult things to find in this continent is a good beef tartar and this one I did enjoy! My wife was also pleased and we had a really good time.
Had my Mani/Pedi there yesterday.. Just awful\nThe Tech  used the file on my nails  that my nail bed bleed and when my Pedi was going on she left the callus solution on to long that made my heel start to bleed.\nWill not go back even if it  was free.
Yep its a bar but you would not know it when you taste the food! Order the turkey bacon club (with bbq sauce on the side) when it's the special. Its amazing and I want it on the menu!!
OMG if it wasn't for our insurance, we will never fill our prescription here! Time in and time out they make us wait when it's our turn through the drive thru pharmacy. When you look inside the window, most times they weren't even busy with customers! Bad service all around.
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible. It is bad even for fast food. If you must eat here stick with their Mexican options, because everything else is gross. Even still I always prefer Taco Bell and I am not crazy about that either.
Great service. Great food and never ending sodas.
Love their beans, always get a bean and cheese burrito with whatever else I order.  Seriously- heavenly.
Food was very good. A bit over-priced for portions. Server was very slow and only had our table and 1 other.
Wow won't take reservations for a party of 8 or more. After being on hold then transferred twice and then being told just to call 20 minutes before arriving to be put on a wait list. I'm not impressed with their customer service. Hey if u don't need my business I will go somewhere else.
I took my kitten to the Acacia Cat Hospital for its first visit after adopting her from the Arizona Humane Society. The facility is not modern or fancy, but clean. The staff and the doctor we saw were friendly and caring. The prices seem good too. I plan to continue to take my kitten to this office.
First time I ever had dayglo orange pad thai! It was just wrong! The won tons in my won ton soup were like leather. This was a first and last experience for me and sad as the staff was friendly :(
Their ice cream makes me scream for more, but it's their cappuccinos that keep me coming back. The staff is super friendly and makes it a little less painful to cough up 3-4 dollars for a cap.
Stay away. Flat out rip-off. Grossly overpriced.
Charges, Charges, and more charges.  Cramped quaarts on these plans and they charge for everything.  Only use spirt if you HAVE to.
Stay here if you want a quiet, serene hotel that's slightly lacking in amenities and away from the rigors of city hustle-and-bustle.\n\nIn other words, stay at the Trump Las Vegas if you don't want to be in Las Vegas.
I went for breakfast, the service was ok. I honestly expected more from this place. I had the french toast it was good but I think I could off been better. Although I was a bit disappointed with my meal/experience I think I might give it another try for dinner.
The food I was served was nasty.  I will not go back there.
At one point in my life I had a personal disliking for Chipotle...  Im glad I was able to get past that and enjoy the food :)  Love the chicken burritos (with everything on it!).
I called on a Tuesday.  The front yard was landscaped on a Friday.  Amazing Work!  Courteous and extremely affordable.  I highly recommend their service!
Great bagels! The location is a little difficult since its in a hotel and there is only street parking, but since its not too far from my house and they have the bomb bagels I will be back!
Nice clean layout with helpful staff perhaps need to smile a bit more
This is where all is going well. \nThe price are excellent the food tremendous.  the staff is nice and it is one of the rare place you can be served in french.  The chicken and seafood hotpot is a must.  The variety of plates is endless
So this place had great reviews when I first came here. I noticed their starts have now dropped which is good. People made this place sounds amazing but if I wanted a frozen fish patty I would just have gone to the store and bought a bag of my own for cheaper.
Don't get the queso dip, it's terrible. Everything else was OK, but not as good as Cafe Rio
Yuck!!! This is the worst buffet ever. That's all I have to say.
The service was friendly, the prices were right and my tinga poblana taco was fantastic.  There were plenty of other menu items I would like to try, so this place is staying on list of go to lunch spots.
Schedule to have my house cleaned today. My wife is having her baby shower this weekend and she wanted the house to look really nice. The company sent me a text saying they would be an hour late. Two hours later, no one has came or called. What a joke of a company!
Nice place. Food was pretty good. Great service. Very respectful. Be careful if you are not used to eat spicy food.
Really good deal if you buy a meal then you get free drink with that which is really awesome. The teri beef and teri chicken combo is good. This location is hidden inside a citi bank plaza.
Wait was long but I expected it would be since it's always packed. Takes a long time to get food but they make it from scratch. Chicken and waffles were good.
This place is tasty! \n\nI had a chicharron and a bean & cheese papusa. They were delicious. At $1.75 per papusa, they're a bargain.\n\nI'll be back!
This rental car agency in Charlotte is a joke.  We arrive in Charlotte and wait in the rental car island to be picked up for an hour and 45 minutes.  Then we find out we are supposed to wait in a different area and wait for a bus that says Pre-Flight.  Like we were suppose to know this.  Find a different rental car agency.
Swanky place, good atmosphere & food, right in the heart of Madison's cultural center. A great place to meet friends for food & drinks, even catch the game @ the bar.
Good music, but for a Cirque show, I really expected more acrobatics, visual effects, and stunts.  Appreciated the dancing, but during the entire show it felt like i was waiting for something more to happen, then after a couple hours, it ended.  Disappointing.
Nice staff, great hours! Dirty and damaged furniture, due to excessive wear. My mocha with 0.25 the chocolate was still super nauseating with sugar.
The food was wonderful will take all my friends and family there. The beef brisket is so tender it just melts in your mouth and don't get me started on the hush puppies...wow
I been tried a lot of Thai food but when I first move here, me and my bf try out this place and I think I'll stuck with their pad Thai and crap gragon . So good and I think I can eat Thai food everyday. Good service and good people. The manager was so nice to us. I like it.
Avoid this bank if at all possible. Have visited it twice. The first time they put my deposit into someone else's account and it took over two weeks to get corrected. The next time, I visited to talk to a banker and waited over 30 minutes before walking out.
Went with wife and two kids for dinner.  We had a great time. The food was delicious, service was great and ambiance just right.  Go here!  You will not be disappointed
Great thai food at a great price. Love the curry and the noodle dishes. We've only gotten take out but I look forward to dining in soon. The woman at the counter was friendly and the place looked very clean. Highly recommend this place!
Delicious salads and made from scratch pizza.  Excellent wait staff.  Prices are reasonable.   Rather small menu, but quite adequate.   Good parking at this location.   Highly recommended.
I don't know what's so great about this place.  The menu seemed overpriced for what it was.  It just didn't taste that great.
Ice cream was good. Extremely bad customer service! Made a big deal about giving me an extra to go cup. No offense but I really don't want to have to explain my reasoning behind getting a bigger cup to go. Stupid.
This place blows! They are slow and the always get my order wrong, seriously how hard is it to get an order right? \nIt's been 3 times in a row now.
Terrible... Tasted like bad frozen food and only made my stomach toss and turn the rest of the night. Will never order here again.
Kind of reminds me of a Johnny Rockets. We only had ice cream so I can't comment on the food. The ice cream on the other had was wonderful!
The food and wine tasted excellent when my party of 4 ate here in early January, but two of us ended up with food poisoning afterwards - we shared the warm spinach salad with bacon that evening. It's too bad because I would have given a 4 star rating otherwise.
came in thurs night... tao beach side was closed off... lotta dudes... met some decent girls... not too bad i guess.... just get drunk and have fun
Great menu. Very nice staff. Authentic Irish music daily. A bit load in the stage area though. Excellent selection of beer.
Terrible service
Best mac n cheese in Charlotte and best ahi tuna burger  ever.  The service was good and awesome bloody mary bar for Sunday brunch.
food is better than average. the owner is a great guy.
The single most disgusting sushi experience I've ever had. Asian nachos were burned and tasteless, April and Toosties rolls were totally bland and the texture was way off, the crab wontons came with some funky nasty sauce.. Blahhhh. $50 down the toilet.
Rob was very helpful in helping me choice the right health insurance plan for me and my family. Thanks Rob for your patience.
Pretty good BBQ. I order lunch Togo very often and they are alway super fast and nice. The brisket, ribs, and chicken are great!
I'm just tagging along with my friends and their menz.  There are naked chicks everywhere. There are horny guys everywhere. There is booze everywhere. There is me wishing I was dancing on my own dance floor. There I go, out the door to be my own star on another dance floor. The end.
Great service, great prices, and awesome food. Handmade tortillas are bomb!! Being from phoenix and favoring the more \"hole in the wall\" authentic Mexican food, this place was a highlight of our Vegas trip. Real quick off the 515 too. Great tasting food and tons of choices!!
nice buffet lots of choices...I agree with another reviewer (Jacqueline L) that the desserts were amazing and the Asian selections were not the best.
Very trendy place in a up and coming back of Pitt.  The food was really high quality but treated as far too precious than is warranted; I want to eat a meal not carefully dissect a peace of artwork.
Goundbeef in a taco is not authentic. I tried it once and chuckle every time I drive by. This place is a joke for Mexican food. \n\nIf you consider Taco Bell Mexican, this is the place for you.
Very good little totally unpretentious Viet restaurant.
Service an atmosphere was great. I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.
The Las Vegas is a mouth full you may not want to try to eat this if your on a first date.The service isn't great but, it's worth a try if your in the mood for sushi
My Wife used Angelo for years before I met her. We then moved to the East Coat and she talked me int giving him a try. This guy is amazing. His background with the IRS gives him great insight, and he always keeps me on the straight and narrow, but saves me so much money!!
Great Espresso and everything a coffee house should be. I only tried the espresso for a quick fuel up. It was perfect and kept me going all day .
For one of the largest hotels on the Strip, I expected a lot better from this place in terms of quality and service. Anyone who would give this place 4 or 5 stars obviously does not get out much.\n\nCheck out the buffet at Mirage. That place is money well spent.
I treat myself to this every once in a while as an indulgence.  Food is fabulous. Best Philly Cheese steak in Arizona.  Always fresh ingredients and they ship in specialty items in from Pennsylvania.
Finally tried popeyes after 29 years of living! Unfortunately I didn't have one near me back in Jersey. For a fast food fried chicken place, it was really good (comparing it to KFC, Church's and other fast food friend chicken places). Very crispy and has a kick to it.
This was a fun sandwich as I was visiting Pittsburgh. It was neat to hear the origin that truck drivers just wanted their cole slaw & fries slapped in with the sandwich so they could eat it on the go. I appreciate the concept & it's worth a try but I don't need to come back. I liked fat heads more.
Tons of seating, same great pizza. Lunch special is one of the best around.
NEVER sell anything to this place, they will rip you off. They will give you 1$ for a hardback book and sell the same one for 20$ the next day. Try Zia record exchange when selling dvds,  much more fair and honest.
Great food super tasty! Service was great, we will def be back! Super moist chicken with great flavor. We had the coconut curry and the srirachi bowls pretty awesome.
This place has continued to keep its charm, great entertainment and fun for many years now.
Over charged for items on my receipt..\nMade me wait while they verified film footage of my purchase without telling me Id be waiting.
The minute  we walked in we were  given reasons why we would not be given very much for our exchange. Too much inventory, road construction, sales are down, blah, blah.  They did take about 25% of what was brought in. Really not worth the drive.
Finlay's make the best black pudding ever. Their range of sausages is truly staggering. Joe Finlay has be on the shortlist for local food hero and it's absolutely deserved. They do Xmas orders.
Pizza was just so-so but a great escape from all the casino and Vegas strip craziness.
I browsed through this store with my girlfriend. There were two employees working, neither of which said a word to us in the 5-10 minutes we were there. They were far too busy talking to each other.
Had the 1/2 po'boy and cup of gumbo. Delish! Slight bitterness in the gumbo, but mixed in a little of that mayo/horseraddish it made it great. Nice place for lunch, sat outside in the perfect March weather.
This is a great place to buy produce. It's fairly inexpensive, but sometimes produce isn't very fresh. The berries are sometimes growing mold etc.  But, if you take the time to look around and be choosy, you can get some really great deals here, and buy in bulk for canning.
I will miss their wings....sorry that they closed :(
Outstanding! Placed an order for pick up and arrived a few minutes early. Chatted with the Russian dude who was cooking our pizza. Very friendly, polite and made me feel really welcome.\n\nDelicious pizza, the sauce was fantastic, super friendly employees and great prices! This is definitely one of my favorite pizza joints in Vegas!
I'd rather have Chipotle.
It looks unimpressive from the outside but this is the beat Chinese food I have ever had in Montreal! I tried the mango chicken, general Tao chicken, don-don noodles, sweet and sour soup, and the spicy sour potatoes. All excellent. Friendly service too!
Just had an amazing massage at Deja Vu med spa by the wonderful Karen. Great massage, worked on my problem areas and I now feel great. Love the way the place is clean and has a great setup.  I feel very relaxed and I will definitely be back.
Well, visit numero dos sees an upgrade to 3 stars with much better service and nice evening overall.   However, they were out of the osso buco (the one thing I really wanted to try) so any chance at 4 will have to wait.....
I haven't been here in a long time, but ate dinner there earlier tonight. Makino's has really stepped up their sushi game. Still a little pricey for me vs other japanese restaurants for the same amount of food. But, would go there again!
Just went here for an inspection. They were kind and quick which is exactly what I needed. I always get nervous going to mechanics cause I know that they know that they could tell me pretty much anything and I would believe them/have no idea what they are talking about, but I was very comfortable going here!
The place is low-end, like Denny's. Not comfortable, not inviting. The food here is below average... I've never had a good meal there. I'd only eat there if nothing else was open around it.
I didn't get to dance there, but my friends raved about it... given it's cover free and there's high tech lighting all around... I think I'd visit it again next time I am in town for a fun night out..
I like this store. They are knowledgable and friendly.
Rawson Neal is under investigation for patient-dumping on a monumental scale, 1500 patients in 5 years.\n\nShame. Not one of you should hold a medical license, and some of you should likely be in jail.
If you like plain and simple, I will give it to Postino's. The wine list is simple and not exciting, the food menu is just simple. The best part for me about postino's is the atmosphere. I go there to sit on the patio and enjoy some mimosas on a sunday afternoon.
Standard Olive Garden, nothing too special. I did a catered lunch from this location. The order was correct, although not ready at the appropriate time. The staff was friendly and that can make all the difference in diffusing a tense situation.
Tried this place for lunch after arriving in Vegas. We both ordered burgers and they were perfect. Sweet potato fries were the best I've ever had. Atmosphere is stunning!
I love Andy's! I've been coming here for about 7 years now. But they need more people who can wax. I've been waiting almost an hour today. It's worth the wait but still frustrating that only one person can do it.
There are a lot of Chinese restaurants around here.  Unfortunately they all kind of taste the same.  The food here was good, but nothing stood out as extraordinary.
Overpriced.  Does not remember customer loyalty.
I had the lunch special Gyro. It was ok. For the price it was great value and would go again if I am craving a Gyro and am in the area.
stayed for a friends party...all i have to say is WOW! 10 stars and beyond! Glam to the Max! Thank u to all the workers for being so nice too!
SUPER SLOW! Never been to such a slow Cafe Rio. There was no one in line, but it too 10-15 minutes to get food. Poorly organized staff.
This place was great until they decided to bring in an outside management company.  They started writing threatening letters for no reason and now are charging for online rent payments when the prior policy was not to.  It's too bad, until then it was a great place and I've been here three years...but it won't be four
Ordered the Jun's special and it was one of the top 10 quick service restaurant meals of my life! I instantly was upset about not being Korean because I would have loved to have eaten like this ALL MY LIFE!
Ooops, I did it again...And this time it was equally AWFUL. Why did I give it a second chance?
Dim sum food came out cold.. Service is poor.. No detail on check out bill..I will not come here at all ...
I always enjoy my local Rubios. They know us by name and always greet us with a smile ! Their phone etiquette can use a little work, but the cleanliness and friendly staff make up for it. Not to mention their food is always GOOD !!
love the locals discounts! Thursdays it's buy one get one free on well drinks with local ID
I've always felt like the superficiality of this place makes me feel unwanted, the only reason I go is because of my fantastic stylist, who has since moved to another salon. With that said, I'm glad I don't have to shlep down the 51 to a salon full of self-absorbed people.
I love your subs , but I went in there and saw many flies , so I kindly told the worker , I was not ordering because of all the flies and walked out... ekk gross.
I went here on a weekday night. The food was ok, but I felt that the service could have been better. I really don't like it when I go in a place and feel like I'm an inconvenience.
I am in awe! I haven't seen him before. I was worried that he would too old for keeping his show fresh and modern; but the worries were needless! It was very entertaining and he deserves to be a bit narcissistic!
Not a bad spot for breakfast and dinner is probably underrated. Just nothing to really put it over the top. Food is OK. Location is nice. A change of pace from the bagels and pastries that are the only other options on this end of state street. Cheap eggs toast and potatoes special on weekdays.
auto loses a star because asian food should not be this expensive... food was great and the service was good but i just feel like i can get better asian food for a better price elsewhere... next
A reservation means nothing, we had a convertible reserved, showed up and no car available. An hour and a half later we got a car that had a dirty interior. Hey thanks for giving us a great start to our vacation! On the plus side the woman at the counter was super nice, if this is about her it would be 5 star.
Service was great, food was plentiful, atmosphere only a corny Las Vegas local could appreciate and does :). Thank you seriously considering having my next birthday party here.
Only one kid slinging scoops tonight...bummer management let that happen. Add the fact that the in-store temp is about 90 degrees.  Gonna be the last time we choose this over Water n Ice...too bad cuz I worked at Baskin Robbins in high school.
This place is OK.  More than anything, its a trendy place among hipsters who wear ski hats in the summer and come here to translate the meanings of their eastern-inspired tattoos with their hipster fiends.  Overcrowded and they sit you next to strangers.  Pass if you aren't in an identity chrisis.
Pear cider sangria to die for! Fabulous ambiance, and super nice knowledgeable staff. Killed 2 hours surfing net and drinking sangria, and wishing I was hungry. Will definitely eat here when I'm back through Pittsburgh!
Family style off the chefs menu is the way to go.  Surf n turf all the way.  Loved everything I've ever had here, not one bad thing to say. I go here every time I'm in Vegas. It's also perfect for eating solo at the bar.   Pricey but well worth it.
I always receive great service here.  No complaints at all.
The food is amazing.  One of the best shrimp tempuras I've ever had. Rolls are tasty and well balanced in flavors.  Rivals amazing food I had in Tokyo. Ambience is chic and trendy.
Love it!\nThey try to make your coffee perfect every single time! When i am there i can not live without my mornincoffee!!\nPeople are superfriendly and price is good as well!
First time going to this restaurant.  The service was great. The staff is very friendly.  Will definitely come back. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Slow service. Overpriced. I was not impressed. I won't go back
Fantastic show! Best show in Vegas!!!!!! Loved it! They deserve every standing ovation they get. The crowd loved it. I could see their show every night!!!!
it's kind of over rating. The food is good but not  4-star food
This used to be a decent hotel.  I will never stay here again!  The customer service is terrible and the manager didn't have any better customer service.   The rooms are outdated and if you want an updated room it cost extra.  Why not just update all the rooms?!  This place is turning into Circus Circus.... trashy.
Great open concept layout. excellent eating areas. The only problem I ran into was that it took about 15 minutes to get a drink at the bar. Hopefully this was just a one time occurance.
Really liked this place.  It had a nice layout of the casino floor, it was not smokey, and it had a very open feel to it.  Well kept up.  Stop by and say hi.
Nice atmosphere and lots of TV's to watch games, just mediocre service and if you like cold draft beers don't come here. Even cocktails are short on ice, maybe their ice machine works slow?
I have had the joy of having Dr. Stephanie adjust me on several occasions, and she does a great job!!! She is very friendly, caring and has strong adjusting skills. Highly recommend her.
Better than the \"other sub shop\". The condiment station is definitely a plus.
The previous reviews were obviously left by the competition and they made me laugh. This place is great. You are not rushed, the price is good, the service is great and the girls are very friendly. Be careful what you read on the internet. Go try a place yourself to see.
Pretty darn fantastic\n\nExcellent, friendly service\nTasty scones\nA very well made skim latte\n\n2 thumbs up
Felt overdone. Service was slow with no line. Smelled like paint thinner when I was there.
Not real thrilled with my spray tan. It wasnt dark like i get other places and it was orange. The place was nice enough and service was ok but in the end, it is the tan itself that must make the grade. Orange doesn't cut it.
I'm so mad I wasted a penny here! These cupcakes were disgusting. I got it for my sons birthday and couldn't eat them. I don't recommend this place to anyone. There's only one location and I see why...
We use to come a lot. Haven't been back in a while but will when we are around and in the mood. It's good sushi with a pretty cool owner.
I visited Indian School and Litchfield branch yesterday, spoke with Nicole, she was very friendly, professional and helpful. I received a competitive quote for both car and home insurance, much cheaper than our current insurance provider.\nI am happy to be a AAA member\nThank you.
Food poisoning. When you spend 250 bucks on a meal you'd expect a certain level of sanitary conditions. I feel more confident about the hole in the wall cat hunters. Gf was throwing up all day.
Not nearly as good as the original in LA. One nice thing is the 3am closing time. Skip this outpost and save yourself for the original.
Mhmmmm so good. I had the half sized rice bowl with pork and Caribbean jerk sauce. It was very filling and it was so tasty. The pork was tender and not fatty at all. The rice and veggies were well cooked too! \n\nCan't wait to try another dish!
Nice show with gorgeous Ms Coco. \n\nThat's a good Las Vegas show with Show-Girls and also some jests that provide laughter in the audience. The story of the shy Diva is unfortunately a little sexist. It also does not fit into Ms Coco's style.
The CAC is one of the older galleries who has done really good things in the Las Vegas Valley art scene. The gallery which is now in the Holsum lofts, is large very nice and a good stop when hitting the downtown scene!!
Was a very disappointing dinner! First of all our server wasn't that great but what  made it a less than average dinner was the New York strip while it was cooked correctly it was way under seasoned and the potatoes where way overcooked. For those kind of prices and knowing that it is Gordon Ramsay I expect a lot more!
Why does Harrahs have all their employees pushing the rewards card when you have to wait in line over an hour and get crappy service just to get one?  Another classic example of corporate incompetency.
This could be a cool place if the DJ played music that actually was popular within the last 3 years. He should destroy his playlist and reevaluate why he became a DJ.
Yuck.  I tried this place after it was suggested by a local.  This place was just gross.  I ordered spaghetti and meatballs and the meatballs were cold, and the spaghetti wasn't cooked enough (the noodles were still hard).
Overall the service was timely, the atmosphere a bit loud, and the food decent. They do a nice birthday celebration for anyone with a birthday coming up!
It's like any other SB, but this one has a Drive-Thru. Only downside...it's a pain in the butt to get here unless you're driving in the right direction.
Hit and miss but overall pretty good. The service is often lacking but the food is so darn good we still make a visit every so often. The teriyaki chicken is a must try.
Good food, always crowded but seriously understaffed in the front of the house. If you want good sushi this is the place, consistent service, not so much.
Was just reminded of a date that I went with CT here...Food is always decent & service is cool- I thought of this spot because it was a very nice date with great conversation & great company...Always a good time out with CT...Would definitely venture again...Good times...
Older Hotel.\nUncomfortable bed.\nFloor/ceiling above very noisy when people are walking.\nVery loud toilet.  \nInternet not free.
Perfect for the price. They get everything you want to find in a Chinese buffet. They also have Mongolian BBQ inside. Drink is $1.69. I should have known this place earlier!
by far the best street tacos in town, maybe anywhere, think ill go there now
Went to Kirk Franklin Presents Gospel Brunch and guess what, there was no Kirk Franklin.  We should have guessed it, but were disappointed nonetheless. In spite of... the show was wonderful, upbeat and uplifting.  The food was good and the banana bread pudding was phenomenal!
Went here on a Sunday morning and parking is terrible. There were people waiting but turnover was quick. Selection was good but taste was mediocre maybe a bit more. Portions were good. I would eat here again in pinch but for a couple of dollars more Cafe Monte is a much better pick.
I loved my food at Spago. I loved my boyfriend's food at Spago. I loved Spago. :) It made for a really great food memory. Pricey, but worth it.
Man, this store is bad ass! If I lived in the area, this is where I would be shopping!
The worst service, rhe rude cashier should have been sent to retraining, never will return to such abuse.    Waited for over 45 minutes for food to arrive. When we wanted names od people in charge, Cory claimed she was stupid and  nobody was her boss.
Not a bad place to hang out. Wednesday night is the night to go for the dollar you call it and little draft beers. A cheap night out on the town to get wasted there with a bunch of college kids. Service is not all that good but the place gets packed.
Plaid used to be delicious...\n\nNow, they got rid of the veggie dumplings and have slow waiters. \n\nOh well, now everyone goes to Green-which is actually way better than post-plaid.
Food was good.  The space was small and tables were few.  Random people were asked to sit together, which can be a little uncomfortable.  Menu options were limited.  I would recommend the portabella mushroom and the ratatouille.
He is the best comedian on the Las Vegas Strip.  However, if you have any kind of issues with racial, gender, occupational, etc. jokes that make fun of stereo types this show is not for you.  He is an equal opportunity offender.  He makes fun of everybody, and everyone.
I think I may have food poisoning after eating here 4-5 hours ago. Achy joints, running to the bathroom, chills... Friggin' McDonalds.
Quick Work, local business, Mike the owner was honest and to the point and replaced our blower motor for AC lickety split for this upcoming HOT weekend-got us our vehicle back the same afternoon.
Pit stop along the strip to get passion fruit bubble green tea. My favorite flavor from a so-so vendor.\n\nIf you are a SMART water fan, you can get them here by the bottle. CVS across the street does not stock SMART water.
I got 3 Taco Pastors and one Asada.  The Pastor was great!  Next time I will get 4 of them.  Get the Orange sauce.  No idea what it was, but it's delicious!
Unbelievable. Bad service to start with, and they were not even busy. The buffet portion of the meal was sub-par at best. Avoid!
Very large by downtown standards and has a large variety of household items and food stuff.\n\nThere's a clinic on the side, so it's the closest pharmacy for that, close to Metro, Buses, students etc. One of these places that keeps downtown humming along.
The food is good, but not great. However, the tomato bisque soup is available daily, and it is absolutely fabulous.
Independently owned. Operated by some of the coolest workers you'll meet and the food is just great. They always change the menu up a little to keep it interesting with multiple choices of hummus, meat, veggies, salad choices and toppings. If Eddie is there, tell em ZeeDubb sent you lol
Steak was very good, sides were ok, and our waiter was helpful but didn't look to be overly excited about working.
This place sucks. Waitress completely ignored us for about 20 mins. Went to Bogeys instead.
Such a great family/friend spot.  I always eat breakfast at brunch, but they have tons of great options.  The food is always hot and tasty!
They only deliver through WheelDeliver.com
Great new addition to downtown Phoenix!  We have stopped in a few times already and have been very impressed with everything we tried.  They offer an extensive and reasonably priced happy hour, so highly recommend checking it out.  The edamame and potstickers are quite good and the rice bowls are tasty too.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants in town. I keep coming back to this place. I highly recommend it. The food was amazing, and the service was also great. Last time we had chicken tikka masala with garlic naan bread and it was perfect.
I don't get it.  What's the big deal?  Small, smoky and greasy.  I guess that is the point.   Maybe I should try it again.  Everyone else seems to love it.  I was just disappointed after all I had heard.
I love going to Culver's! BUT tonight I was disappointed my burger was not  even warm, location was not as clean as usual and the carpet really needs to be replaced. NO WIFI! Really it is time for a remodel.
happy hour menu read rolling rock and coors light for X dollars.  i ordered one and got less change than expected.  bartendar says the prices need to be updated.  chump change but i felt bamboozled.
Great group shows at this place. Gallery sitters/owners always available to help with any questions.
I went with my sister 2 days ago. It was my first time eating Famous Dave's. I got a hamburger and got some mac & cheese. They were both okay, I tasted better. Now the hot wings & onion rings were better. the place was packed we sat outside.
Lots to see. Food is standard, burgers are the safest choice. Drinks were good. I agree with others that say since they were brought, the food is off a step and the fun stuff like pins and tees has become too standardized. The pins used to be very u inquest for each location but have lost that edge.
We are definitely fans of this place!  The veggie burger and wine burger are excellent. Loved the atmosphere. Very unpretentious as another reviewer posted.
For some reason this place isn't as good as the OG Chicago locations (5 stars all the way).  Popcorn tasted stale and service sucked.  I guess that's because its Vegas...mehhhhh
food looked good till i saw the idiots touching  and making  the food with their hands.......  buy gloves dummies
Do not go do not go.  Staff was slow and not caring.  When I express question and concerns at the end the vet threw her hands in the air and walk away and made it like is was my fault.  Again don't go
Old fish = sick. \n\nCan someone explain this to the people here? Please. Twice this horrible pain and bloating within 30 minutes of lunch. Twice. Run for your life!
Best dim sum ever.  Ive been to a bunch of places all over nyc and nothing compares.  nothing!  this is my one must do whenever im in vegas.  Everything is delicious.
Your standard Thai fare, but there's much better Thai food in Phoenix (e.g. Thai Basil, Thai Rama). Their yellow curry is all chicken, hardly any onions or potatoes.
Mike and his crew make the most delicious bbq I have had in a long, long time.  Tender brisket sliced just right, chicken bursting with flavor and juice...not to overlook the amazing, crisp sausage.  My wife and I will definitely be back.  Don't forget the collard greens!!!
Nice clean space with lots of vendors. Courteous staff.
This place is awesome, they have almost any flavor you could think of. And they have incredible deals and really good price's it is definitely worth checking out if you vape are wanting to quit smoking.
We stopped by here on our way to a Phish show. It was really chill and had a great patio.
Wanted to try this place out since it was on the way home and I was quite pleased. Malica was the one who did my eyebrows and she did amazing! She is a very sweet worker! She did it pretty fast and it didn't turn out bad at all. Definitely going back!
There are two parts to this museum. One section focuses on Scotland the other section is just a hodgepodge of Natural History. It's kinda kooky, but in a good way.
Not the Dunkin Donuts that everyone remembers.\n\nTwo tiny shelves of stale donuts...I guess when the grocer is selling your way overpriced coffee like gangbusters, you can forget what got you there in the first place.
Love the finger bucket! Pure heaven and the pizza rocks!!!
came all the way for this. and I should order 10 to go and bring it back to Seattle. Very good fries! love the cheese burger !
We came to this place for karaoke but decide to enjoy some drinks and food. Unfortunately the food was cold and service was poor. The server/bartender/hotress/manager/promoter was very busy entertaining friends instead of providing service.
Not only have we always experienced great service here, but I appreciate the straight talk.  They are respectful in ways that other automotive shops are not.  They always give us whatever discount they are currently running, even if we don't ask.  They have even gone out of their way to save us a little bit of money on some expensive repairs.
The food is great! Only giving 2 stars because service has gotten worse each time we started eating here. If you don't mind being asked for your order multiple times, this place is it! But the food is really good though.
Red Curry with Duck is delicious!
The pizza is the best in Cave Creek. The wings are tasty. I always ask for crispy on the wings and pizza. The staff is friendly and helpful. They always greet my family with a smile.
I know this is a brewery but no air conditioning in the summer in Arizona? The bear was good the service was okay and the atmosphere was hot as hell and I would never go back there in the summer.
It is a lovely place and the food is good, but the protions are so big you have to share... I have never hadthe chance to order what I reallyw ant because I ened to compromise and share with someone else... :-(
Save your money, this place has bad food that has been left out for hours. Food poisoning, to add, the food is cold and they take it back and warm it in a microwave. I never thought any Chinese restaurant could screw up fried rice. Service is bad. They are so rude. Overall the food is yuk and service is even worse.
I usually just get take out from here, but we like the fact that they have vegetarian and seafood options.
Employees are non-existent at checkout. Basically had to force an employe to ring up my $200 jeans. Service sucks
the philly's here are just ok.
My daughter came here for swim plugs and she really thought it was fun to get them made.  I came for fitted ear plugs and I also had a good experience.
Drive thru pharmacy...wha what???\n\nYep they got it...as does most of LV.\n\nPretty good Walgreens with large selection of the typical stuff. Nice help. Good pharmacy. Good location.
Excellent service, friendly staff who deliver what is promised at a reasonable price. Thanks Jeff and Michael, you are the best! I would recommend this place to anyone. If I could give more than a five star rating, I would.
otAz was a blast
First stop on Roadfood NC tour. Crispy, moist fried chicken. No seating. Inexpensive and super - fast, friendly service. Got the fried gizzards, tater tots, hush puppies.
Smells yummy in here!
This place is good if you're not on a diet. Otherwise, trying to order a custom omelette or breakfast gets VERY expensive.
Horrible customer service! They weren't friendly at all. They acted as if it was an issue to serve us out yogurt. Didn't offer us a punch card and they were more interested in going in the back to text as soon as they rang us up. Would not recommend this place and will not be back either!
The staff was very friendly and professional.  The grounds were kept very clean.  The National Memorial Cemetery put on a very good memorial service for my Uncle.
I think I am going to call this my new favorite off-strip place! I found the food very tasty. I happened to show up during Happy Hour so I was pleased to find that all of my drinks were half off. Mac sure you try the Mac & Cheese App. Its absolutely amazing!!
A basic Starbucks. Nothing too flashy, but it's always clean and the baristas are friendly. It's usually totally packed so it's pretty noisy, but the line moves fast. Great location.
Positive: a much younger crowd than the 24 closest to my home. Better people watching. \n\nNegative: crowded
Came for Brunch, ended up spending close to 80.00 for two people. \n\nI had heard major hype about this place at work,online,etc. So I finally decided to check it out. Nothing special, typical brunch food, line was extremely long. In my opinion not worth it.
Great lunch and good service. Nice to have an Oregano's in our 'hood..
Cheap and desperate.  Paying a cover charge to enter this karaoke dance club is somewhat embarrassing.  I suppose it can be fun if you are completely hammered and ready to let your inner douche bag out.
Nothing spectacular, they only had one high chair so had to hold my baby, food wasn't very good...and found a hair in my sandwich and glass of wine tasted spoiled if that's even possible.  I wouldn't go back
Great food,amazing taste!\n\nTry the pad thai and fried rice with thai tea.\n\nTook 1 star off the rating because of the wait time!
Never been disappointed. Love the live DJ on some nights. And the \"It's Violet, Violet\" martini is the best.  We love to come here before the theater.  Bet it's pretty amazing later in the evening.
Cheap and delicious.  Most items on menu are around $5.  I'd highly recommend the salt and pepper chicken wings and shrimp.  So good and addicting!  A staple in my Vegas eats.
Ok atmosphere. Ok service. Terrible food. Great beer on tap. Overall, really below average food for the area. Everything is deep fried and fatty but tasteless. Not rushing back... Unless I'm only thirsty and it's happy hour.
Cool concept and good food! Quick and easy build your own pizza!! Weird location (basement of mgm) but still yummy!!
This is a great place for any meal!   Delicious food, plenty of it, all for a good price.   Don't miss eating here!   My wife and I eat here often.
Really good. Had the hot and sour soup and the sesame chicken. The noodles were just ok otherwise i would say five stars! Nice place and very local and friendly.
I've been to a number of Jamba Juice but this one was definitely NOT up to par.\n\nSuper slow service, the employees take longer than usual to make a smoothie probably bc everyone's busy socializing. To top it off, my strawberry probaotic tasted like crap.
The best Happy Hour in town! The martinis are delish and the vibe being upstairs at Town Square is refreshing! Go check it out!
This is an overpriced sandwich shop that is not much better than Subway, but about double the prices and half the menu options. \n\nWaiters were too abrupt and didn't seem flexible. Coworkers and I left with a bad taste in our mouth.
Great spot to watch games in summerlin
I have patronized this location twice and both times the food simply did not meet or exceed my expectations.  I am not a fussy diner either.  I have to chalk it up to being a new location.  I will try again in a few months.
One of the best spots in NC great food their lamp shanks and half chicken with rice is amazing, the owner is very friendly , Shawera is amazing and prices are very very reasonable every time I go to Charlotte I have to pay a visit to la shish Kabob
Over priced! Over rated!
An average eatery.  Not a bad choice if you are craving Chinese food on your lunch break and don't have time to go too far.  Other than that, not much to redeem it.
Awesome for NASCAR. Terrible design for exit traffic. I sat on the road going towards the speedway for 1 hour and didn't even move 30 feet. Mega fail for charlotte motor speedway and traffic control/police. This needs some major attention ASAP
Cool place- nice outside bier garden, live music, tons of craft beers.
took 2 hours to peel 3 patches of clear coat off my the front bumper of my 2013 vehicle.  Thats going to cost me a grand easy.  Of course they denied they did it and refused to pay for repairs.  Avoid this place like the plague.
they will show you pictures of doctors work that supposedly work there ....they dont ...well kinda personal info about me but lets just say $8000 and two surgerys later im still screwed up and in pain looking for a new doctor beware of these liars
Lovely park filled with history.  I was exploring downtown and enjoyed taking it in along with the beautiful capitol grounds.  Only thing that would make it better is a water fountain!
Stopped in for lunch, server was great friendly no problems.\n\nHad the Stuffed Shrimp appetizer, and White Pizza. Both were great\nStuffed shrimp was a little on the oily side though. Would absolutely go back. After a year in Arizona easily the best pizza i've had.
What is amazing is the portions. Reasonable prices and any normal person will get at least two meals out of any given entree. \n\nQuality ingredients makes pretty delicious food. Good sauces with perfectly cooked pasta. I would come back any time. Owner is a great guy.
Pretty new yet to area.... But this mall is ok for what you need. There's plenty of options and it's always pretty clean:)
You wont find many places to sit, don't expect wait staff, or cutlery, but the food is good, the service is personal.  Breakfast was tasty and filling
They kept pushing the extra insurance on me.... what part of \"No\" did you not hear?  Then, when I asked for directions, the sales guy acted like he was not from there... real mature.  My smart phone is way smarter than you, dip-shit!
The worst collection of art suited for those who know very little about art. This gallery is neither progressive, provocative, or intellectually stimulating. It is perfect for Charlotte.
Best cooked salmon in a long time!  Get the brownie dessert and be ready to share.  The Caesar salad is great, amazing baked potato, and baked beans are cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Amazing ambiance, super nice people.  I'll be back soon!
Besides the meatball the food was not good.  Had the veal piccotta which was drowned in sauce and the mash potatoes were out of a box!!!
This place sucks. Their pizza isn't very good, the service stinks. They reheat all the pizza slices until burn your mouth hot. Really not very good pizza.
Heyyyyy it's good. Open faced turkey sandwich, is great. French dip is good too. The onion rings and fries are delish also. My grandma loves this place. Will be back again.
Best Mexican food I've had in a long time. Good atmosphere.
one of my fave places!  a must for me everytime i hit up vegas.....
Poor job vacuuming, they didnt even remove the mats. Passable job on interior. I just hope they used the correct oil with the oil change. Overall not a very good job for the price. Won't be back. (two stars for the interior wipe down.)
No carry on bags? Paid $70 round trip for my tiny suitcase - this charge makes Spirit just as costly as everyone else. The planes are dirty. No drink service. I have extra hard feelings because Spirit left me to spend the night in the Las Vegas airport.
I had a blast at Buffalo Wild Wings.  The place has giant televisions tuned to sports everywhere and the fun and addictive \"blue crack\" trivia game.  The wings are crispy and come in quite a few varieties.  I love the fact that they have self serve soft drinks.
This bakery and the staff ROCK!! They were able to make our wedding cake with just a week notice!! Sent sample cakes home, delivered the cake , and above all, gluten free! \nstellar service, scrumptious cake!!\nThank you!!
Nothing like Mimosa's and breakfast with the people you love @ Mimi's Cafe!!! always my first choice!!!
I've been here several times. My fiance loves it. Me? eh. The bread is the best thing here. The service is either really good or really bad depending on who is your waiter/waitress.\n\nRecently changed over ownership and since it has the service has been much better.
Decent selection and ambience.  The service is terrible and the prices are outrageous.  $15 for a small glass of mediocre wine is an affront.
The food is good but the service is arrogant and incompetent. If you're willing to chance having your night ruined, go for it.
Great Thai place.  I go here often and will continue.  If you like Thai and are in Squirrel Hill be sure to go.
Much nicer inside than you might expect from the street.  Good service, and everyone in our party enjoyed their meal.  Those who ordered a spicy dish commented that it wasn't hot at all.  I liked all of the seafood choices on the menu.
Average American food. Nothing striking good. Thai lettuce is good. Calamari is great. Lunch menu is more reasonable than dinner.
Disappointed. Had the baby back ribs and they were overcooked and didn't have much flavor. For $25 I expected better. Mash potatoes were good. The food was picked up for me so I can't comment on the atmosphere of the restaurant.
I really like this place.  Generous portions, good service, always keep my water or ice tea glass filled.  If I lived any closer I'd be there once a week for sure.
Recently went and felt that restaurant has changed quite a bit from the time it started. \nEarlier they were serving papad and chutney as a complimentary snack, now it seems that they have stopped. The rotis were salty (quite disappointed) but the rest of the food was good.
Great bbq. Really bad service. I was shocked. Forgot our appetizer, didn't bring the right sides, never checked on us, didn't apologize for the mess up. But, did give us free dessert. Will come back for the food and will review again. Better luck next time.
I really like this place. I've been trying to get down there as often as possible to work my way through a VERY creative menu.  \n\nThey even brought me the wrong thing last time I was there and I liked it.  \n\nWish more restaurants would try new stuff like this place.
Closed down. Take this shit off.
The place is in a nice location, but as for the food, I'd wait to see people plates come out and then see what you would like to order. some of the food is basic and basic flavor.
By far the slowest Jiffy Lube I have ever stopped at. Thought I would be in and out in a few minutes because no one was in front if me but it took over an hour.
PH Halo Margarita Bar $14 16oz drink. WHAT!\nWalk around the strip, you'll find the exact same thing, more flavor options for $5-$9
Love the fast service and great customer service pedicures are amazing great Westside area salon! Next 2 shopping 2!!
look for coupons before you come\nall you can eat meat for 50% off\njust as good if not better than fogo de chao
This is one of the best places for manicures and pedicures.  They recently had the interior redone so the place looks great.  The new chairs for the pedicures are amazing and feel great.  The reason my wife has been going here for years is because they treat you like family.
Awwsomeee!!! This was delish! Great omelet and my server was excellent.  I definitely recommend
Cool sportsbar/restaurant. No excessive clutter, plenty of TVs evenly distributed, and good food.
Stopped in around 6pm on a Wednesday.  Hardly anyone there.  Bartender had a bit of an attitude.  Happy hour was on and well drinks were not the best.  Loud country music being played.  Probably would be a fun place later at night.
Slow service, it's not efficient, food not amazing. Ain't nobody got time for that! Need to clean there chairs
Jolaine gave me a cut, color and highlights. My hair hasn't looked this good in years. She knew just how to shape it, and the colors were perfect.
Absolutly a great choice for breakfast
Average buffet with lots of food options. Because my mother is a platinum member through Total Rewards, we had the steamed crab, which was good. Main issue is that the service was slow. A lot of tables were not cleaned off in a timely manner. Ok buffet, but much better options available.
Just happened upon this place after shopping.  What a little gem this place is.   While the menu offering is small, the food is fresh,  tasty and healthy too!  It was exactly what we were looking for.  Simply DELICIOUS.
Love their ham and cheese sandwiches! We love stopping by for a quick lunch to go! YUMMY!!
This was my first visit here and it was pretty good. Here is the deal, it is fast food, but there is always room for variety.\n\nChicken tasted much better than most fast food chicken.
1 star for good service. we had fajitas and carne asada and none of it had any flavor at all. the chips and salsa werent good. oh well.  the price is way too high to walk away this unsatisfied.
We order from here at least once a week.  It is great cause you could eat there every day for a week and always get something different.  Just keep an eye on your take out orders, we've had a few items either messed up or missing.  Otherwise awesome place!
Food wasn't too savory.  The service, however was great.  They don't offer spicy sauce options.  Too me the food was sort of bland.
I don't normally mind the Hard Rock Cafe at all, but this location was bad.\n\nFood was blah.  Service was slow.  Food took FOREVER to come out.\n\nVery overpriced and this place should be skipped.
Came in for a little lunch lady with my wife. Ordered off the happy hour menu that really simply offers smaller portions. Good for lunch. Little pricey on the non-happy hour drinks but much better than the location in Scottsdale.
I just had it for lunch: for about $20 I got a seaweed salad ( somewhat tasteless), and sushi from all day HH menu: spicy scallop( quite disgusting) and Caterpillar ( liked it). \nNah, wont come back
These guys are clearly uneducated and mix currency's by different countries in different continents! They didn't know how to exchange currency, when I always do it at different chains. I don't recommend this place there's one down the road that must be better..
Great service! The Maine lobster was OK. Yes just OK for the price I paid.
The food was decent, the service was fast enough, but the cashier was rude & snobby.
A great station cafe, food is always good here. I've been coming here on and off for years now and every time I come back the menu is always the same. The prime rib above average, the cafe is a way better alternative to the buffet. Great way to spend your comp.
Keeps getting better each time I go back.  Still surprised how empty this place is each time I go.  The owners are always there and always happy to hear feedback and suggestions.
Always great service and food choices.  Roy always does an outstanding job!
We had the Chicken Katsu and Kalbi and it was ok...until about an hour later, all 6 of us that ate the Chicken Katsu had MAJOR stomach issues the rest of the day!  Probably will not go back here again...Chicken was under cooked...
My absolute favorite bookstore! Love that they have used games and DVDs too. The used books are always good quality and there's a great selection. Plus, coffee! What's not to love?
Food was great but they got the worse customer service. I felt like the guy was racist because I was Asian and he was White. I am never going back to the restaurant again.
Nice airport but doesn't offer many eateries in their terminals. Many of their escalators were down due to maintenance issues and that didn't help their cause but it easy to get to.  Good thing I wasn't there long or I probably would have given them a 2 star rating.
The process at this store is really slow and disorganized. No one really looks like they know what they are doing, and the service is extremely slow. The trash was overflowing and the cafe tables were dirty. They did clean them partially once while I was here, but after about 30 min, not the required every 10 min.
I can't wait to go until the another show.  I don't know that there is a bad seat in the house.  I did order a drink before the ballet began and the bartenders where very courteous.
We've always come here to buy bikes and have our bikes repaired and had great customer service. Unfortunately, since new ownership has taken over, customer service has gone downhill significantly. We will be taking our business elsewhere.
Atmosphere is pretty nice (a mix between hipster loft and Scottsdale club). Beer selection is decent (better than the average restaurant). Food, however, was very disappointing. I am just glad we were there during happy hour and only paid $7 for our clearly frozen (digiorno) pizza.
Pretty good teppenyaki.  The show is fun and worth a visit.
I've been coming here for a while - mostly pick up orders and the occasional dine in, and the level of customer service and quality of food has declined. They can't afford to lose that when the parking here already sucks.
Love this place hope to see more through the valley.  I can walk in and get one dish and be happy and satisfied through the day.  I really like this place
Even with a Groupon way overpriced. Food is good but not even close to being worth the price. Went on a Sunday.. did not read the fine print, waitress did not want to honor it, manager finally did, He said Groupon made them not honor them on Sundays, right! Totally a not good experience.
I had more fun at the Arizona State Fair and paid a lot less.\n\nThat about sums it up !
Excellent service! Great food! Machaca beef chimmi and green chili Mac was delicious. Will be back!
I sat at a blackjack table for 3 hours playing with the same $100 I started with. (It's a really long story.)  I walked away with $55.  Yay me!
Loved the place! If your a little group it's awesome to have your own lounge especially for a friends birthday! The bottles of alcohol weren't that expensive. The fact that its intimate gives the chance for everyone to sing and not be shy! I am definitely going to go back.
Some great coffee shop/dinner food here. Really unique dishes. Owner is friendly and helpful.
Grade A+ times 10. Staff was one of the best if my years traveling and staying at hotels. One of the cleanest and spacious rooms ever and if you leave some things home just go to the front desk and its free of charge.
Very good food. Great variety of Greek and Meditteranean dishes to choose from. The Gyros are amazing and I LOVE the meat lovers platter. I highly recommend this place . You won't regret it.
Do not bank with Tcf, bank teller closed my account because i made a deposit to my account and she thought the funds wasn't available. Do they even supposed to do this?
Awesome tapas, they were all amazing and the service was excellent. The Mandarin Oriental is an oasis in the middle of the strip.
Food is great! Service sucks!
Based purely on service. . .  10 people (3 groups),  10 minutes,  6 empty tables,  2 servers,  0 eye contact,  0 acknowledgement to  people waiting to sit.  Horrible,  maybe burgers are good,  but I do not like being ignored.
Came here with a friend for some dinner. Ambiance is cute (casual, yet could be a date night spot); it's also close to campus and the service was great.\n\nPlus, they gave us the \"Sunday discount\"(?)!
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting. Really blown away by how attentive our server was. I had the melange with eggs over medium done to perfection. The sleeper has awoken!
I should have known better, but I shared my personal information with Lending Tree and have been harassed non-stop ever since. I used them years ago and was able to view quotes online at the time. Now, most of the lenders won't offer a quote unless they can talk to you directly. Never again.
Great food. Great service. Great prices. Enough said. The Cuban Sandwich and the Cuban Pizza are amazing.
I went with my wife for lunch we were curious since we use to go to Penguin, and was a little disappointed the food was bland and the service was just o.k.
Close and good lunch specials!
This place is s l o w....like so slow I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Booooooo.
Simply amazing!! Can't wait to go back.
Used Mark and Blake about 3 times now and they have been great and responsive each time.  I bought an older house and they have helped me get my irrigation properly established.
It's pretty neat to have an animal habitat inside a hotel like MGM. I would love to have one in my house, that's for sure! There were two trainers/caretakers there inside with them. Too bad both the lions were sleeping. I think you can see them any time from 11am to 10pm.
one of the best hotels ever. i stay there at least once a year for a week and its always great. they just refurbished their pool area and its magnificent.
She is amazing, love the color!
While I was not thrilled with my Loco Moco gravy, the Cafe service was good, and my buddy really liked his experience. His salad was crisp and cold and he raved about it. I did like the open 24 hours aspect.
Chain resturant....not bad, dependable food.  Love the beer and some of the signature cocktails are decadent. Can get a little loud but the ambience has a good vibve.  Service was on par - anything is better than service in Flagstaff.
Relatively small airport with a regional feel. Kind of limited on food options but not too bad. Taxi line can be brutal in the summer heat so keep that in mind...
My new #1 buffet in Vegas!  So worth the money!
this is the cutest little apple orchard to go to on a beautiful autumn day!  my husband, paul and i picked a bunch and i confess, ate a couple of very juicy braeburns!  come on up to fitchburg, wi - it's fun for the whole family!
Walking through old-town I stumbled upon this little Gem.  They were super helpful in picking out clothes that were right for me.  It seems to have some great finds you can't find elsewhere!
they try I guess
Damn good food. Not greasy. Nor over spiced. Simple. The service was chaotic but the food more than made up for it. I would def recommend.
Awesome Hawaiian food. The teriyaki beef is amazing! Actual chunks of steak instead of just cheap red meat. I'm all about customer service and this place is the best. You can't go wrong with the loco Moco!!
Shila always does such a great job. She's very busy which sucks but it's worth the wait!!
Been to the Gyro House many times, and have not been disappointed.  Gyro's are great and blows My Fat Greek out of the water.
We went here after a friend raved about it! To me it was ok, but nothing out of the ordinary. Very boring menu and atmosphere. C+
The food was good, but looked like they needed a maintenance person, there was food all over the trash can, the tables weren't cleaned either.
Luv luv luv! Phat Thai is good!
We had a great meal here recently.  Everything we had was perfectly prepared, and the service was excellent.  Highly recommended.
I'm going to write a real review in a few days.  Let's just say -- I give it 18 stars out of 5.\n\nBy far the most expensive meal I've ever had, but it has actually changed my attitude about food and eating.
Got there at 8:55 and they let me in and sit and eat.... That along with them wings made my night.... GREAT place
First of all, the happy hour is amazing! The margaritas are so strong and I get drunk off of 2. And xavier is the best server
A shout out to excellent customer service. We came to get or dog food in a 30lb bag and they didn't have it (after looking in the back). So the girl helping us gave us the smaller bag at a reduced price and was very apologetic. Thank you
Closed.  Signage down.  Boarded up tight.  Phone disconnected.
Juicy dumplings are very good. Like in Monterey Park good home made dumplings.
Very mediocre Chinese food.  I wish it was better because I can walk there in five minutes.  It would be the perfect take-out spot.
I grew up going to this mall when they actually had stores. Now its more like a swapmeet in there, all these stores with cheap looking clothing.
This is not a fine art gallery but a craft store with inexpensive retail items made by unskilled artisans.
If you don't know about Dillard's then I'm not telling you!
Amazing place to go for ALL your facial needs. Waxing, facials,lashes and makeup applications. I see Amanda for lashes and more. You will not be disappointed. Amanda is a sweetheart and you will leave feeling great...
Decent Americanized Mexican.  Nothing outstanding, but I will go back if in the neighborhood.  See pictures.  Taco was better than the Chimi.
maybe I'm a sissy la la... but this was the scariest haunted house I've ever been too.  nice effects, scary actors and less jumping out of the dark and more following you and whispering creepy shiz.  i don't know if i can return for fear that i will not make it out alive.
A nice club with a nice view.  :)  Bottle service is worth taking it.
Great food for a great price. I have been eating here since it opened and never had a bad experience.
I have recently discovered George and Son..very nice contemporary Chinese cuisine. The classics taste great..the hot and sour soup is both original and memorable. The service has been very efficient and George is a funny presence who clearly loves his business and takes care of his customers. It's been worth the drive and I'll definitely return!
Yummy, cheap, and clean! Love the revolving bar too! My husband and I end up going here almost every date night just because we love it so much. And we've tried other sushi places, they don't compare!
awesome lanes, always busy, always clean... I think the cashier could be happier but hey, its a bowling alley.
Some kid answers the phone yesterday 45 minutes before their posted closing time \"Umm...yah we're like closed\" he didn't even say hello? I would have felt better if he simply didn't answer the phone.
Came here on a Thursday night during a rush and were seated on the patio (our preference) within 10 minutes. We had the pleasure of having Danny as our sever-he was fabulous!! Attentive, fun, and charming. Do yourself a favor-come here and enjoy a delicious margarita and live music!
Not that bad it was alright. Nothing too special from all the other hotels. Wish the rooms were a bit brighter in color but not like i stayed in the room alot anyways.
What you get when you wake up at noon in Vegas. So much fun to walk the strip or around vegas with a Fat Tuesday in your hands. \n\nSeveral sizes the basic one is $14 but refills are $11! \n\nYou can sample. My favorite is mango & strawberry together
The restaurant is still a fun destination for family events, birthdays, etc.   The food is pricey (about $25 a person) not including drinks,  but the portions are reasonably large.  Overall the  food on its own is a little bland tasting, but sauces are provided to experiment with.
Very good food..just a little to noisey for my liking
Ambience in the garden is magnificent with attention given to the landscaping. Staffing by management was less than adequate. Pleasant server was overwhelmed and lacked support. Manager was oblivious when this was brought to their attention.
Great food, comfortable atmosphere.   While there is a bar, it does not have a bar-feel, even with karaoke.  Food is always great, choices are many, and the staff has always been very atttentive.  Nice place to meet friends and have a good meal.  Lighting is low,  kind of reserved atomsphere.
My wifes new addiction...the farfalle is the bomb!
Got the Marino Sandwich and Bob's Favorite.  Okay, my first time here.  Delicious.  I'll be back.  Stopped here on a whim.  Had read about it, never could find it.  It's a do over.
I will be back! My first time there was today and I couldn't be more happy. Nick did a great job and they even painted my daughters toes and fingers for free!! Love this little family owned shop!! I will be taking my mother in law there this weekend for pedicures!
I have been in Charlotte for 20 years and have been coming here almost as long.  I love the frappe's, the wine tasting, the people watching, the gyros and the music.\n\nYou can't miss this festival, although I never win the Greek Trip drawing, bummer!
Terrible service; waiter must be union
This place seems like a high school or college hangout, but my volleyball team used to meet here after matches.  The food is good and they have lots of TVs, I'll give them that.   Typical bar food.
I feel this is still a 2.5/3 star place and it really based on their food.  The food is good most of the time but the service, the service is really bad each and every time I go there!
Best breakfast buffet in the world.  The walk from the street to the buffet through the hotel is a wonderful change from the noisy strip.  The food is fresh and healthy.  It makes having to come to Vegas for work a welcome and fun part of my stay.
Ny style
Enjoy rice bowls with a bit of flare; visit Rumbi Island Grill.    I have eaten here several time and always enjoy the beef rice bowl; ask for spicy and enjoy.   They have selections to satisfy most tastes.    Check them out.   Have a good meal at minimual cost.
Smaller than expected and none of the cast members were there.
I dream about The Heater burger loaded with jalapenos and the tater tots! The D10 is a great place to grab some dinner and one of my favorite local beers, an Orange Blossom.
AMAZING fried pickles! I give their pickles 5 stars, but everything else is mediocre. I'll come back for the pickles though.
Papa Del, you are one overrated sonofabitch.  Your pizza is edible, but just not the real deal, and your service blows.  You're a staid Chambana eatery, and I respect that, but I just don't think we can be friends.
Decent mojitos, the strawberries the best...I do miss the real sugar cane stirrer though.
Have been looking for the best butter chicken in town and I found it!  Food was great and filling!  Definitely will be back again soon!
Broth is thick but not as tasty. Soups have too much noodles and less meat. Quite disappointing.
Chose this place based on some other reviews. I should have read more carefully. I had Vicki's Plate. The chicken was really dry, sauce was so hot, I couldn't taste the food and guacamole so bland.\n\nSkip this one and keep driving.
I love teppenyaki!\nI love their Vegas rolls! \nI love the chefs! \nI love AH-SO!\n\nI just don't love their prices. You do get top of the line quality though!
I'm usually very picky about buffets because I prefer quality over quantity but MGM's buffet was alright and I was surprised. Everything tasted fresh and was pretty appetizing. However, I had a little over an hour wait...but it's Las Vegas, so what do you expect?
Don't go on a rainy day. Water was dripping all over. Tacked on an extra 15% for gratuity on our party. Would not have minded if we received decent service. If looking to plan a party look elsewhere.
So easy to get in and out
avoid this place at all costs, there are enough other subway resturants to eat at.\nthe last two times i went here the employees were mean and act like they dont want to help anyone. rude.
We were here for breakfast. Very good food, great service (typical for Four Seasons), selection if freshly squeezed juices. We will come back!
I've been to this Chino Bandido's about 4 times and each time is a different experience. The food so far for me has swayed from great to just ok, because of this inconsistency I am giving it 3 stars. The cookie is awesome though every time.
Nothing not to love about this place!  Great service, atmosphere, and smell haha.\nThe food was good and you can get anything you can think of when you think classic BBQ.  Be prepared to be intoxicated by the delicious smokey smell as soon as you walk in!
The casino is still one of our favorite places to gamble and its beautiful, and they have a Rubios, but all the restaurants there have been very disappointing, LBS and Salt Lick are among the worst, the Mexican place is decent though.
Went there for the brunch buffet. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. We will definitely come back. Great service, good food!
The space is nice, but the crowd is not good (very much on the older side, and lots of leering drunk guys).  Only pluses are that women usually get in for free & they have drink specials/free drinks for women during certain hours of the night.
Amazing delicious tacos! The carne asada on flour tortillas is brilliant. Great fresh food, delicious toppings. I definitely recommend this place :)
I had lunch here today with a friend... I had the Pad Thai(Thai style) Wednesday lunch special.  YUM YUM... and the spinach & chicken pot stickers were yum also.  Definite spot to visit when you are in the University area and in the mood for Thai food.
Epicly Awesome!  Great Food!  Awesome Staff!  I love this place!
The food is really fresh, good variety of Sushi. I tasted about 10 dishes, every single one had lots of flavor. One of the best buffet in the valley. I will definitely be going back.
Great place!  Ali is awesome!  I have a bad back and need deep tissue work.  My back is feeling better already!  Excellent job Ali!
The best ramen in Vegas. It is amazing. It gets busy and is a very small space, for lunch it is best to arrive a little before it opens to avoid a little my wait.
Had an appointment to get liquid gel nails done.  The lady who did my nails was very rude and I didn't like how they turned out. I tired to communicate with her but was ignored.  Will not return,  would not recommend.
Save your money. You can get twice the food at half the price at other near by mexican fast food places. Enchiladas had a really odd flavor. The red sauce that was inside them tastes as if it is ketchup based.
LA Jolla Salad is huge! Their salad dressings are great. The sliders looked great as well. They are generous with portions and the service was excellent. Extensive menu that can feed even the pickiest eaters.
These guys were great.  I was in and out in no time at all, with a fabulous rental bike totally fitted for me!  Can't wait to go back to Scottsdale so I can get another ride in.
I ordered the carne asada nachos and they were just incredible. I go their every chance I get and I would recommend it to anybody and everybody that wants to have a genuine Mexican meal.
The vegetarian menu is awesome abs the Greek fries are da bomb!!!!
I do commend their varying selection of toppings for their pizza. I had salmon as one of my toppings and either the salmon was bad, or salmon just doesn't mesh well with pizza. Either way, it made the pizza just taste mediocre.
A fantasic Rib special!!
This place is great, very hidden but thanks to yelp for finding it for me! The banana pudding is awesome! I'd go just for that. Underrated place
This is my 2nd time here,  and I'm sure it won't be the last!  My girl and I enjoyed the atmosphere, and it reminded me of being back overseas.
This chipotle suck\nThe food was cold,the meat was disgusting \nMy boyfriend got home and got serious hard- core diarrhea \n  Not recommended \nGo somewhere else
The food was really nothing to rave about. We had the spinach dip and an order of nachos. I've totally had way better. The highlight was my blue moon. Lots of different selections of beer but that's as good as it gets.
$7 for three small tacos.  The flavors were not that great.
This is my favorite Mexican food place by now. It is very convenient to access by walking off the UNCC. The staff are friendly and the food is fresh and tasty. I go there a 2-3 times a week.
Great happy hour. Food always the best.
Bryant Pest Control is the Best.  They are affordable, and truly take care of their customers.  when they arrive at our home they are always professional and very courteous.  We appreciate the Excellent customer service they supply and well as their flexibility when it comes to scheduling.\nthank you for the continued excellent service.
This store is teeny tiny. It was busy busy on a Saturday afternoon (12/6/2014). There was a line outside to control capacity limits. Deals were ok. They do not have a lot of available shoe sizes probably 6.5-8. I wouldn't come back and stick to my online shopping at toryburch
Beware. I ordered a chicken breast sandwich. I was ill for three days. No joke.
I work downtown and Chloe's is by far my favorite. Every salad is amazing and the food is very fast so it's great when your in a rush! I prefer to make my own salad and enjoy the fresh ingredients. But, when I have ordered from the menu, I have never been disappointed!
Open on Sunday! We shared thai basil and a pot of tom yum soup. The service was excellent and we liked our dish so much we ordered another one to go. I also loved how clean and neat everything was! We will definitely be coming back.
Come on it is a chain, but a really nice shop, all brand new, clean and nice. You know you eat fast food every once and a while, if you are on this side of town stop in for some cheep fast food..
Visited again, and just want to reiterate that the food and service were fantastic!  Bar none, the best Falafel platter I have had.  A really enjoyable restaurant!
Bad company. Do not use. Check negative reviews on BBB site and here on YELP.    Phone spammers of the worst kind. Also asked them to stop calling and they wont. What a way to upset potential customers. I will post my negative experience with them everywhere I can because of their bad practices.
Decor is scary. The waitress treats everyone that way, I stop there regularly. . She will also correct you if you say you want sausage patties, \"that's all we got\". I do it almost  every time I'm there just to hear her say it.  Great potatoes, great breakfast.
Responded in a Sunday within 20 minutes and was at our house at 730 the next morning to install a new water heater.  Price was as quoted and would definitely use again.
Been using the Dutch Girls dry cleaning and sewing services for a few years now and they have never let me down!  Personal, professional and timely service every time!  Sure there is cheaper places to go, but if good service is what you need they are your girls!
The food is good but the only drawback is that the lunch buffet has fewer items when compared to other places of this kind.
This was my first time trying this restaurant... Hate to say I was very disappointed when I received my main dish: chicken Romano. I cut it in half to see the entire inside was completely raw! I sent it back and they fixed it but I have to say I completely lost my appetite after seeing that. Completely inexcusable.
Boy, their attitudes sure do suck, and their subs are so unbelievably nasty.  Uuuggghhh!
This is a holy place. Seriously, the food is fabulous whether you are vegan or not (I am not). It is exceptional.
I don't understand why anyone likes this place.  I ordered the fresh pasta and found it heavy and tasteless.   It is also very expensive considering for what I paid here I can dine in much better places.  I find the Food Network sign on the outside a little tasteless also.
My favorite restaurant in AZ, No Contest!!! Awesome staff, delicious food and the best salsa!!!!
This place just has the most unprofessional and unsatisfied workers I've ever seen. I live right down the road but I try not to come here cause it's downright sketchy.
Excellent meal.  Creative drinks.  Very attentive staff.  Too many good sounding entrees to choose from.  Beautiful surroundings.  Highly recommend and I will be back!
I don't see what the big deal about this place. My first time to red robin was less than impressive. Our poor waitress was overworked and very forgetful. The food was subpar. I won't be going back, that's for sure.
Went for brunch and had absolutely terrible service. The server was nice but incredibly slow. I ordered the breakfast poutine and it was awful. The toast and biscuits were so stale. Pancakes were also bad. Would not recommend this to anyone.
Need tacos after a long work day and this joint hit my radar. Went in all al pastor. Buddy did one of each of the specialities. He loved the chicken. Al pastor rocked. We were not disappointed. Had great salsa with ice ice cold beer. Bravo.
I saw this restaurant on triple D and I love it!  Kudos on the Emerald Chicken and Jade Red Chicken.  Mexican - Asian fusion combines two of my favorite cuisines and its budget friendly.  It doesn't get any better than this :)
I was really looking forward to eating at this food truck, but after eating their stir fry, I would have to agree with the other reviewers -its not that great.  Portion was a good size but it was pretty bland and needed more sauce.  Unfortunately, won't be visiting this food truck again.
Polite service. I got what i needed and was in & out in 3 minutes. I like it like that. No lines!
Chef George was great and very personable. Dinner went well, but were very disappointed that the didn't have all the desserts in the menu, only the basic stuff. Even when I mentioned some of the drinks they didn't have either. Atmosphere is very nice and modern, but I have had better for less price.
Toasted Coconut Concrete with Vanilla Base. Period.
Had to put our 8 year old Doberman to sleep today.  Her pain even lying down and lack of back leg strength to get up to move around had just made it too much to watch.  The staff was very courteous over the phone and in person.  Very understanding and compassionate.
Valentines Dinner, first time and looked forward to a great meal. The menu and wine pairings were excellent. The service was more drop and go, table interaction fell far\nbelow expectations. Feel the service let the Culinary team down on this night.\n\nWill return for the full menu experience.
Not that great. Edible. But it didn't wow me. Too greasy!
Ordered out again and was so disappointed. They told me it would take 30-35 minutes. In reality it took over an hour. No apologizes. By the time we got home (we live about 3 miles away) the pizza was cold. For the price and the hype I don't think it is worth it.
Great beer selection, with descriptions for those of us who want to learn more about the art of beer tasting! The brat was delicious, but the bun was a little dry. Great happy hour & fun atmosphere- would come back for sure! A welcome change from the typical Mill Ave restaurants/bars.
Tastes like microwave Mexican food, not so good. Sucks I had to pay $15 to find that out.  Hopefully next time I visit the food will taste alot  fresher than what they claim to sell
Wow, we received a recommendation for this place from a local guide and he was right - this place was the best. Table side Guacamole was the best... But you MUST try the chicken torta - its definitely on my top ten things I've eaten around the world.
SUPER PACKED!!! \n\nthere's a stage with velvet red curtains. we had a VIP table but even the VIP section was overcrowded! \n\ndon't get me wrong, i still had fun. but there were just too many damn people!!!!!!!
Love this place and the people that work there. Great options for pizza and HUGE slices. Make sure you bring your appetite.
I've been here twice and it's okay. Service is super slow. Nothing stood out in my opinion.
By far one of my favorite sushi restaurants.  Their Vegas rolls are to die for. Nice environment, great service, and an awesome happy hour.
This is a great experience!!!  Anyone visiting Arizona should do this!
Freaking awesome food and Beer. Nuff Said!!!!
Fantastically surreal. Absolutely amazing. Beyond expectations. Limited view. Not bad. Worth remembering. Would recommend. Gotta go. End review.
Stopped in after a long walk around the castle. It was about early dinner time.  I had the salmon dish that had light citrus so it was enjoyable and refreshing. Also got dessert pudding and ice cream in a pool of caramel. Sugar high! Nice atmosphere modern decor.
Excellent goat cheese appetizer.  And the bread was delicious.  Also had the wedge salad.  Again, very good.  But the chicken saltimbocca was 2 star at best.  Heavy salt and pepper.  The chicken pot pie was very rich and also very peppery. Service was 5  star
Awesome place. Be ready to wait because it is very popular place.
Mmmm tasty croissant right out of the ice box and directly into my bag.  I love paying $2.50 for over priced cold hard bread.  \n\nKeep up the good work!
I love the bar here w the food . \nThe servers are very friendly they kept coming checking in on us to make sure  we had everything we needed .
This place would be great but the floor has been stickier than the floor at an adult bookstore for over a month.  Don't go after lunch.  The coffee has been sitting and will be empty by 3pm.
The food here was pretty standard bar food. The service was not good. Our waitress never came to check on us after we got our food. We had to come up to the bar for boxes. The cheese curds were good and cheap. It was the best thing we had.
Not a bad place.  The atmosphere is great and the food is pretty good!  I think the food can be a bit busy at times.  Sometimes, less is more!
For the first time trying Vietnamese food I was really impressed. Everything was fresh and the service was excellent. The location isn't great but I guess that's what makes finding these places so exciting. I would definitely recommend this place to someone interested in trying something new.
Stopped in here last week for breakfast and was disappointed. It is not the outstanding breakfast place that I was let to believe. The banana nut  muffin was not even close to those served by Mimi's.  Their omelet was not fluffy at all and fell short of those served by The Farm Aliante or the Cracked Egg
The doner kebab salad is excellent. Staff friendly, very clean dining area. Didn't give five stars because it took a bit long to get our food. But you should definitely check this place out--the food is worth trying. I went once and then iRan back heheh
Went here for the first time for a co-workers birthday.  Food is sooooo good.  Excited to try out more items on the menu.
Now in downtown Phoenix, just as great.
What happened? The place is filthy. When you walk is the first thing you see is the dust and fly traps on the red duct work. The counter, floor, walk is is all disgusting. Hand prints, crumbs, dirt, where is health services? Wow this place went down fast..
Yum! Try this place out for the mass of beers they have on tap and the line of refrigerated beers. Great place, with some great bar food too!
I'm not going to lie, the whole thing feels a little sketchy and I order in spanish to try to blend in, but it's all worth it for those burritos al pastor and fresh tortillas.
I was blue-wow'd the first time I saw this show- absolutely loved it!  The 2nd time I saw it, I loved it even more!
The bread was amazing and the sandwiches were great. Jammed with folks but they keep things moving fast. Definitely the call for the late night snack!
Most fantastic dogs around. Always a long line though so plan to take your time. Totally worth the wait.
Burgers were very good. Cashier called me Pablo (not my name). Probably the best bacon I've ever had on a burger but not the most bacon I've ever had on a burger. Everything was delicious and if you're looking for a great burger you should totally go to The Stand.
Its fast food, chicken is ok, burritos are better.
The dirtiest theme park ever. Horribly kept, many of the rides were broken, the 3D movies had no 3D glasses, and the employees looked like they were being forced to work there. Don't waste your money. Half the stuff in there isn't included with the high price of tickets.
My mistake was I relied on 1 review of this place. I took off his collar the next day and saw the bad scrape they did. I know this things happen, but atleast let the owner know. and its not even the only spot. If you really love your pets don't bring them here.
I've had a better cuban sandwich at Village Inn. Still trying to figure out what part of the chicken the \"Dominican Chicken\" is ????  and my salad came after my entree.  Not impressed ....
Food is great!!!! Ambience is terrific....but food took forever to come out...wasn't too busy and we shared one plate to order...had to box it when it came out and leave. Bummed.
First visit much better than georges in scottsdale great gyros and service they also have a drive through
Had to get them to wipe the dash they missed the center part and they use very little soap on your vehicle I will not go back
Very good espresso, I will be back.
Worst latte that I have ever had. No foam, all milk. Gross.
One word gross.   Horrible service.  Below average food combined with ridiculous prices.  Try taco bell instead .... I honestly believe in miracles now. The fact this place has remained open longer than one month makes me a believer. Anyone who gives above 2 stars must be used to eating dogfood for dinner.
Generally a good experience. Today the place was PACKED and there was a significant wait for lunch. The food was good and the waitress was very nice.  Prices seem a bit steep compared to comparable restaurants, but I would return none the less.
Needed something laminated and they did it fast. Came out well, too.  It's an interesting fusion of a FedEx office and a Kinkos (which no longer exists).  I can see coming back here for printing, laminating, and of course shipping.
This place is overhyped.  The food is ok, the portions a bit small for the price.  It's not the Oregano's of hot dogs like most of the reviews would lead you to believe.
I most said I'm no a great fan of Sushi but this place is a good one . Great service by the owner all, friendly staff, clean, the food was great even if you no to eat Sushi o seafood is a small menu with other choice... I will definitely come back..
I've been going to this place for years. Best teriyaki chicken and orange chicken bowls I've ever had. I miss Foo. He always made lunch runs fun. Always great service though and not too long of a wait.
husband just bought a used truck and at the dealership he took it to, told him it had all sorts of problems. Brought it into hones-1 and got a real estimate of what is wrong it it. There were no costly imaginary leaks like the dealer mechanics told my husband! Will be taking all cars here from now on!
Okay our server was good but seriously my crab legs came with a rubber band in them.  Manager is a fucking idiot came to the table and it was like DOH!  Didn't offer anything not that I was looking but really the proper thing is to offer something.
Very good unusual milkshakes great burgers the buffalo burger is great. Prices are a little higher then normal but still not bad. Check there web site for wait times it could be an hour just to get seated but there is alot of shopping around. Would definitely come back again
Awesome.  They'll let you try everything.  Largest selection of mustard I've ever seen!
Finally a decent donut shop in the area.  Small selection, but very tasty.  Apple frits were just ok, but the Boston Creams were excellent.\n\nWe will be coming back again when we crave donuts.
The hotel rooms were nicely sized and clean.  The casino was a good size and some places to eat and go out, but not like the other casinos on the strip. \n\nGood central location on the strip, but you still need to take cabs everywhere unless you are a big walker.
What a spectacular disappointment. The Ruben is cold, untoasted, and devoid of flavor. To call this place a deli is like calling McDonald's a burger joint.
One word: Autofry, another word: karaoke, two more words: wood paneling. 480 is an awesome dive bar with great characters, cheap drinks and friendly staff. Perfect when you want to slap on some jeans and a tshirt and not worry if you look good, just drink and have a great time.
If you want to try something different and excellent try Le Chalet. The food and service is very good with menu items you will not fine in many places. They also have a full bar and happy hour.
WOW WOW AND WOW have travelled all over the world, had this at the Carefree Chocolate Festival and could not get enough this is the best chocolate I have EVER had..kudos, more please!
Fine for an overnight at the airport. Not a vacation destination. Needs a full restoration. Breakfast included.
perfect \"10\" every time
Place is funny, bartender was telling this guys wife some very crazy things he was going to do to her....not for the light hearted.
Willow house is architecturaly charming, however it has no other redeeming qualities. They coffees are ones you more or less settle for. Pasteries as mediocre as the people who go there- all of whom are scenesters. It could be nice if it weren't so scene. That and perhaps better coffee.
Great service.  Quick and efficient. Thanks!
Just Nails has changed their name to Kim's Nails. They're under new ownership and I couldn't be happier.  Rose, formerly at TC Nails, is now here. I had a shellac manicure and am very satisfied. Everything is extremely clean and sanitary and the technicians provide top notch service.
I've been going to this place for a long time and even was a busser there during high school. From a customers point of view, it's fallen off a little bit. Still has a great sports bar atmosphere, but the food and even the service is really hit or miss. Better than other locations though.
I always ALWAYS get terrible customer service at this location. If the tellers are not extremely awkward, they are being rude. I hate having to come here, unfortunately it is the closet one to my house.
Stopped by Friday for breakfast.. Love this place great people here! great beers with growler fills and a great to go selection.  Thanks for making us feel right at home.
Yummy subs and good week day staff. The weekend staff is not so friendly.
Cappuccino was undrinkable. It was burnt and made me want to cry. I've found that some barristas at One Coffee Co. know what they're doing and others don't.
I had chosen this place for a birthday dinner. Had read slme reviews.  The guacamole was good but the other food wasn't what I expected.  I might have just been.setting up high expectations for the place. It was a good atmosphere and friendly staff but the food wasn't what I had in mind.
Such a great place, amazing inventory. Unfortunately, I've never bought anything because it's so expensive. But I do like to go and just look. :)
Love this shop... They use my name every time I go in there, have helped me out on several occasions with small repairs when I have just walked in and when I took my bike in there for a tune-up they made it sparkle.  Bottom line, the whole team is incredibly helpful and a pleasure to do business with.
It's Vegas, so it's expensive, but this was something way below par. Great selection on paper but in person, very bland.
Great location in the center of all the city. Pretty good rooms but the last time I stayed there the suite needed some updating. Good price for a downtown suite.
This is the place you've passed by a hundred times. (i have) It never looks busy, and you figure it sucks.  Last night a buddy of mine and I were looking for a place to watch MNF. I was pleasantly surprised. good service, cold beer, good wings.....period. Check it out!
Shrimp cocktails here are the magic trick to curing your hangover!
Don't know why they got such a low rating, I thought they were polite, fast and clean. The food was good and the spam musubi was as good as you can get on the mainland.
This place is worth it just for buckaroos... even though I'm sure that their 'bucko nuggets' isn't actually made of chicken, getting a drink/hot-dog/nuggets/fries/nachos/ice-cream/packaged cotton candy for about $10 total is awesome.
I always order their Kimchi fried rice. The beef bowl isn't too bad either. I just wish their sushi roll portions were a bit bigger. They are good though. Oh and if you love sweet, order thier Honeytoast!
All time classic hotel what needs to be said?
Live just off of this park. I love it. It really is the perfect place to relax or path to take into Old Town for a weekend breakfast on you bike.
HOLY CRAP! Just ordered from here and this place has the best food. So fresh and delicious. They deliver and were super nice. Great place!
This is a really nice theater, and they have a full service bar.  The seats are comfortable, and you can pay extra to sit in a nicer section where you can order food and drinks.  While it lacks the homey and personal charm of a smaller independent theater, this is certainly one of the nicer big chain theaters in the Pittsburgh area!
The custard was very tasty. The service was terrible. She would play with get hair and tub her nose, then take a drink if water, set it down on the custard dipping well and scoop the custard.  It's clear their not trained well on safe food practices.
Love the food and the open air when the strip windows are open! Very cool & fun space to grab lunch and spend a little time in the afternoon.
Someone fire that Asian guy who runs the front of the house.  Terrible server who gets too comfortable with his customers.  Sushi bomb DOES NOT know how to handle big parties.   They purposely \"forget\" rolls.  \n\nIt was an embarrassment bringing visitors here.  Do not come here.
Overpriced and really not great. Even more Madison Thai food, it under performs.
Be careful if you are a woman coming in here alone. Please save yourself some money and headache. GET A SECOND OPINION. I would not trust this shop at all.
Great lunch prices and specials!!! My friends loved their chicken shawarmas.  For me the falafel was just ok, the pita itself was soft and delicious; decent enough to go back.
Food was ok but generic. The caprese had refrigerated tomatos.  The beet salad was good.  The risotto with the short ribs was terrible. It's a chain. What do you expect.
Not a coffee connoisseur, but I loved the Biker's Dream Wrap and enjoyed the great atmosphere.  I'll be back, as this proved to be a great (LOCAL!) place for informal small business meetings
This place takes ages to make food, they  tell me the credit card machine isnt working, which is almost every visit. Seems to be a slow and annoying process to obtain fast food!
We got the new philly steak sandwich.  It was very good, people were friendly, and the horsey sauce was plentiful.  Wish they had coke products,
Wonderful Decor, wonderful drink menu , wonderful service , amazing filet , amazing Brussels sprouts , delicious truffle Mac and cheese... Shall I go on? Ok go here it's amazing . Hipsters everywhere unite!
First time in the Container Park and we stumbled across this place, great little find. The Brisket sandwich is easily the best thing on the menu.
Came here for lunch and everything was good! Service is excellent! Coconut soup, beef salad, chicken salad, fish cake appetizer, shrimp cakes, Thai iced tea, coffee iced tea and for dessert gotta get the sticky rice with mango! Must try!!! The best Thai restaurant since 2000!!
The food was A-OK.
One word.  Nutella!  I never knew how amazing nutella could be on a waffle until I had one of theirs.  Then we added fruit to it and it became perfection.  Super delicious but a smidge on the pricy side.
Horrid services. Customer serive was rude and didn't listen and made us wait and hour for a cab cause she sent them to the wrong place
They don't have to be so rude about not delivering to aria. And if it bothers the cashier to answer that question, they need to post a list of hotels the do and don't deliver to.
Love this place! The decor Is So chic! And the food is amazing! Cannot wait to go back
We used Charlie's Maids to clean the house we sold and the house we bought. Alex and his. Crew did a great job. Reasonable price, on time, and trustworthy. Can't beat it! Will be using them again!
This place is great. I'm a chef in Las Vegas and I know how hard it is to do breakfast well. They do it very very well! Food is healthy, flavorful and the staff and owners are top notch.
Everything was excellent. 12oz filet mignon was cooked perfectly medium rare and very flavorful, and the scallops were excellent. We had both soups as an appetizer and were delighted with each of them.
It's a very quiet restaurant, which I definitely enjoy.  The lamb is cooked to perfection.  Drinks are pretty delicious too.  Very unsuspecting place is a quiet neighborhood.  Good experience though.  Would go back.
Fantastic, friendly service. Amazing food. Had the chicken shawarma plate, gentleman offered to substitute any of the sides for baba ganoush for ultimate food victory. Great selection of Mediterranean beers if you want to stick to the theme.  Eat here or perish.
Ah, no.\nTerribly. Dry. Tacos.
Yummy Chips and Salsa! If your up for something new try a MALIBU MELON MARGARITA, only made at Pedro's, It's delicious!
INCONSISTENT!  Last Saturday was our fifth visit to this Restaurant of Mario's.  The past four times were great, but this time BOTH pasta dishes we ordered were under cooked, and the Veal Chop was overdone.  Very disappointing.
Nope. Didn't care for this place. Way overpriced and overwhelming. No view for $259.00!!?? Nice big room with a whirlpool bath, but no soul. Sorry.
Great drinks, wide selection, special \"summer cocktails\". However, service was bad, as the bar staff engaged in a heated discussion about their shift grievances, making my company and me feel quite uncomfortable. \nWould consider going back, but sit further away from the bar!
Bagels are good, just like any other place in town.  \n\nService and staff are horrible, I'm not going there again.  \n\nI work, and I live less then 3 miles from this place.
This place is tiny. We were so excited to sing karaoke. Then we found out it would be 1 1/2 hours, before it would be our turn! And there weren't many people there. What a dissapointment.
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nThis nice Buffet has closed.  The good news is that this location has now reopened as \"Grace Buffet.\"  I tried it & will post a review today.     :-)
DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS...\nYou want HORRIBLE food, mistake after mistake on your orders and service that is worse than the food.
Everything here is great.
Love this place.  Always friendly. Good food and they remember I don't have cheese on my salads.
The running store is pretty nice, but they cater the advanced athlete/runner.  Regular people not welcome.
Amazing! We love Cooper...it is our all time favorite restaurant! Every single time we come we have a wonderful experience... The atmosphere is inviting, the service suburb and the food consistently excellent! Once you have had Cooper... No other Indian food compares. The chicken tikka masala is heaven!!!
Awesome old school cowboy boots! Worn by cool people going back to the 40's! Nice place and awesome and knowledgable owner Brian :)
One of the best spots to eat hands down.  I swear there is nothing bad on this menu.  Good for groups without the guilt on your waistline or your wallet.\n\nNo matter what I order, I have to set a side of the garlic potatoes...YUM!!
Get the nam sot lao, it's super solid. Chicken wings too!\n\nI was also pretty impressed with their curry.
I couldn't have designed a better bar. Great atmosphere. Always lots of fun,and great great music videos, when they aren't playing the censored crap. My only complained is they are way over priced on alcohol.
Nice waitress, but pasta alfredo was dry, had to ask for more sauce. Sauce wasn't warm when she brought it, so had to wait some more. Next day heated up was not good. Very oily. Stick to the pizza.
Casual dinner with members tonight and food was great! Service was inexperienced.  Always love the location and people!
Food was great nothing like a fresh made burger however 10$ for a meal was a little much
The service was great but the food wasn't that good. Nothing special! Just OK!
Presentation is great. However the ribs were gross, tough, and nasty. I did try my wife's monster pancake, not bad. However for the price I expect great ribs, not this crap.
Good food .... But their prices are way too high and they're very stingy with the food when I ask for extra they don't do it and then they charge you for  ! Not very happy !
Very nice staff\nPlace is never packed - I get in and out
The environment was very dirty and the bathrooms were a mess.  Still for the price you can not beat it.
I've been hounded by their billing people and now sent to a collection agency for a claim that was not mine, i never signed anything and I'm not the patient. What a bunch of crap and I'm lost in their bureaucratic labyrinth. My suggestion, use another hospital, there are lots of them in the immediate area
Delicious lo mein and vey friendly family owned place. Would definitely order again
Very nice people and great food! Got warm chips AND a salsa bar...that's my type of bar....also dessert bars are nice as well. \n\nBack to this place, cheap, fast and friendly...pretty damn good these days.
okay food either over seasoned or not seasoned enough
Time for Breakfast :). For some reason i never really like Denny's but my BF insist on having breakfast here because when we ate @ Denny's California he love it me thinking it would be the same but i guess NOT (atmosphere probably different ) hehe!
Sam woo in Los Angeles is better. I came in here last week and a roach crawled on my head as soon as we got seated no joke guys FYI
I wouldn't recommend this place, paid 25 for a pedicure, lamest one I've ever received, top coat and base coat didn't cover the whole nail and was raised at cuticle the next next day. The chairs are not comfortable
Hard to tell which was colder: my beer or my burrito. The service was non-existent. And had to beg for chips and salsa. Skip this one.
These guys rock my world! They've done two kitchens of mine, one upscale stainless, the other more downscale white. Major love. Knowledgeable, helpful, reasonable prices. They deliver, they install, they refer reliable repair services. They rock.
Pretty ghetto and the music is old. But we had a good time because the drinks were cheap, had a private space and were partying with good company.
Came here a couple weeks ago for the first time so for brunch with some friends. Super busy, which I personally take as a good sign. Food was amazing and service was OK. I would recommend stacks to my friends for sure!
Gorgeous and peaceful courtyard to enjoy a quality cup of coffee!
place going bankrupt, they scaled back the happy hr items, now happy hr completely gone.  this place is pricey w/out happy hr.   they just trying to sell some expensive cocktails & entrees before closing their doors.  good while it lasted.  you would enjoy dining/drinking here if money's not important to you.
Thought it was impossible to make me hate ice cream but the idiot behind the counter sure did. Not impressed.
P.S. Dollar sushi has been extended to Sundays as well!
I love their pizza but half the pizza dough is undercooked. =( I decided to switch back to Domino Pizza, I like thin Brooklyn style dough better.
It's a really nice Teeter I will say it always seems to be under stocked whenever I go there. But that could be just the day I go is before there truck is in. Staff is friendly and the place is kept clean!
I tried out this place a week ago, what I can say is that while the place is OK, but the food does not scream quality. I am giving it 3 stars because rarely do I leave bad reviews. If you wanna have sushi this is not the greatest place for you to go.
Sorry, not Mexican food.
The attitude of these guys sucks
Sorry...this place is no good.  Fish was not fresh...server gave me trouble when I tried to make a minor change to a roll...I have felt pretty sick the last 24 hours as well.   Stay away and go a few extra blocks and spend a few extra bucks at Naked Fish
Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is fantastic! Get your dessert before the main course. And order the dinosaur ribs for the main course. You're welcome.
Second best place to grab a slice of pizza, if the first was Chicago. Great place, always with a friendly staff, wings, beer, wings.. Lots of sauce and cheese. They could use better ranch, I don't think they understand our southwest passion for ranch yet. Sometimes it can be very watery..
Alabama Shakes and some craft beer! Good times here as I randomly attended with Leigh.  Was psyched to hear Cayucas too.
Dana & Kristen are the best!! I love coming and sitting at the bar! I've known Dana since 2008 & have recommended Slates many times. The kitchen is inconsistent. You never know what will come out!
My only addiction. Freed's bakery. Six free cookies with $6.00 purchase.  Brought in few guests from New York. They were amazed. Got here before noon to avoid the long lines. I'm cooked out. But the diet starts on Jan 2.
A quick trip to pick up a burrito lead me to Presto and an amazing sausage combo calzone next door instead. Great food at a reasonable price, friendly people and cool vibe.
Best 24 Hour restaurant experience in Vegas...make sure to sit outside on a warm night....great atmosphere!!
Great neighborhood barbershop. Eileen and Denise are great, will accommodate any request. Very comfortable shop with chairs and couches to wait or sip coffee. Vets and retirees are given nice discount, and vets are encouraged to bring a photo in uniform to have displayed in the shop. Will definitely become my regular barbershop
Nice place for lunch.
Taco Bar, Baked Potato Bar, and Sandwich Bar: occupied half of the buffet.  How lazy.\n\nI'm so glad this is was an expense paid business trip otherwise I'd be pissed.
Great staff, service and price. The egg rolls were so so and the shrimp with garlic sauce ok. Not sure I'll be back.
Great place to take your pet! I trust them. My dogs aren't scared when I drop them off and they always look and smell so amazing!
Service and food were excellent. Waitress was very friendly and accommodating. Dessert was running behind and we were comped a few drinks and got free desserts because it was our anniversary. Definitely recommend and suggest others ignore any reviews stating the service is horrible.
Nice little place. They're new to the area but not that new...have been around a few months. Their pad thai and spicy fried rice are great in all flavors from mild to Thai hot. Their pricing is moderate. \n\nThe owners are friendly.
I've eaten here a handful of times . . . something about the food is just off.  I can't quite tell if it's too cheesy or too salty/acrid, but for some reason tastes better eaten a couple days later as leftovers.  Service was perfectly fine.
I have been using discount tire for 25 years and swear by them.  Service is fast, efficient and they patched 1/2 a dozen tires for me for free.  No one else will ever get my business.
Friendly staff and atmosphere and quick service. The ingredients in the breakfast burrito were nice and fresh. It was a bit bland, but staff happily provided hot sauce.\nGood coffee. Solid place, and happily away from the strip craziness.
First the good, they cook the orders up fresh. Now the bad, the beef in the broccoli beef was tough and sparse and the broccoli was still cold in the middle. \n$11.xx with a drink, I don't see coming back.
Boom! They now have wrapped straws!
Went for a Birthday party in a large group,  we had the private dining room booked.  Great quality food, a little expensive but i guess its true you get what you pay for.  Had Prawn Tempura starter and Chicken Pad Thai main course.  All very well done and presented.
First time there, sat outside love that ! Ordered Mediterranean salad with chicken , a hummus combo & the swarmma sandwich, the pita bread was warm and yummy, good service quick.
It's got a free to use toilet and a newsagent inside. What's not to like??
i'm not sure if what i ordered is an indication of the entire menu, but the breaded hot wings were something i will be sure to avoid in the future. too much breading (which became really soggy) and a wing sauce that was less than desirable. for a place dedicated to serving wings, i had much higher expectations.
I've been going here for over 6 years and hate to get my eyebrows done anywhere else! Ask for Annie she does the best eyebrows in Charlotte!! Mani-pedis are always great as well and they just got new massage chairs!
Cute, quiet, little neighborhood joint. Great for lunch with some fun co-workers. Not expensive, and the sandwiches are excellent.
I really enjoyed the banana strawberry crepe with cookies and cream ice cream super good and huge! :) their menu selection is good and Is great for a sweet tooth!
I work close by, and I compare all Mexican restaurants to Si Senor's by default.  Nando's falls far short, very bland and boring food.  It's a shame, I wanted to like this place but the food is tasteless.
Third time here and each time it is a great experience.  Atmosphere  is fun and relaxing.  A must for a girls pamper day.  Pedicures and gel manicures are amazing and last for weeks.
Wow this place is awesome!!! Cool people and there's a hot lady that works in there. Yup. Go do some business at Hilands Cigars if you like good deals, and chilling!
Great spot for food and a few beers. Have taken family from out of town there a number of times and had a good meal. The combo plates are the way to get, get a bit of everything!
This place was the go to place when we moved here ten years ago.  We ate there once and it was good.  Nothing wrong with it, but we have never eaten here again.
Cedric is our server. A nice polite young man. I ordered a breakfast sampler. The restaurant is absolutely packed this morning. The food was hot & delivered promptly. Cedric was a great server I'd be happy to have him serve us again.
Excellent food, drinks and service. We go out a lot, dining on the best places and this one is definitely one of the best.
2 out of 3 times i have called in an order to be picked up, the sand which was not only ready after 15minutes but not even entered into their system. Getting old
Great Food! Fast and Friendly personell. Very small and hidden on 30th Pl and Thomas.
Mediocre food & terrible service.  Got 2 stars cuz they offer lunch specials 7 days per week & innovative dinner specials which are modeled after the lunch specials.
Service can be spotty, but the food is always good.  Another commenter referenced Azteca, and I would choose this restaurant 100% of the time over Azteca.  Definitely the best authentic Mexican in the area.
Great Mexican food.  Very  nice service with superb decor. Enchiladas here are mouth watering as is the tortilla soup. Their portions are large. I could not finish one. Have been there multiple times. They have happy hours late in the night. Go, try at least once. You will not be disappointed.
Went here last night, cheap drinks, friendly staff.. will return!
It was good, but $24 for spaghetti and meat balls should have been closer to $17/18. The Caprese salad was also pretty unique and comes with a large tomato you slice yourself as well as cherry tomatoes.
I have only been to the restaurant twice. I loved their meatloaf which is one of their specialties. The second visit I had a Mexican meal which I didn't enjoy it as much. Margaritas were okay.
a great place to pregame before heading out on the town. the signature cocktails, at a $16 price tag, are unique and well worth it! to my surprise the appetizers offered were delicious! favorite pick is definitely the pigs in a blanket.
5 stars for naming their restaurant after me.\n\nThat was sweet of them. \n\n=D
Its decent.  The Prices for lunch specials is great.  For a decent meal at a small price, I like this place.  The pizzas were just ok, but the wings are much better.
Not a large cultural center, but it does have several Asian shops and a large Asian gocery store.
The best.  Simply fantastic.  Definitely going back.\n\nOnly open a few hours a week but do yourself a favor and sync your schedule with there's and get down there.
good food!!!
This was the worst Thai food I've ever eaten.  Not to mention the worst service.  The only reason I tried this place was because the Thai restaurant across the street was close that day.  Wish I would have mcdonalds instead of this crap.  Priced way to high too.  Just a really bad choice if you eat here..
This restaurant kicked out a veteran Pittsburgh Police Officer because an employee noticed he may have been carrying a concealed firearm. This is absurd I will tell everyone I possibly can not to spend a dime is this restaurant.
Slow elevators, taxi service sucks, youre better off walking to planet hollywood for taxis
Decent cupcake for maybe $2.50.  For $3.50 you better knock my socks off. Way overpriced for what you get. I'm not the only one says so, so must be something to it.  If you love to overpay, then Sprinkles is for you.
I have been to April 2 times for a spray tan and each time it has turned out fabulous! It doesn't have the smell that other spray tans have and the color is more natural.
So while I was at this club, one of the security guards who must have been in a bad mood on this night said \"stop dancing before I step on your face\"... Customer service in VIP at its best.
Candidly, I'm still way too upset to write an effective review...I'll cool off and get some chinese food tomorrow, then edit this to be way more helpful.
Nice curb appeal. Inside atmosphere very nice. Menu great variety cookies, bagels, breads, sandwiches,  & salads & more. Ordered a turkey bravo sandwich, looks fresh,  taste good, I will be back to try other sandwichs.
When a customer ask for napkins it is possible they need more than the two you so kindly reminded me were in my bag. (Rude). It just so happens that YOU over filled my drink and it spilled. But I won't let your poor interactions with your customer navigate my day.  The one star rating will let my people know;)
I haven't been in a while, but the brisket just wasn't as good as I remembered it being.  It'll be a while before I head back.
Food was great! Everything has flavor. We ordered almost everything on the menu and all of it amazing. Green beans, swordfish and butter burger!
Excellent service. Very nice people. Loss of options (bordering on too many), but the Mexican food was great and the prices can't be beat.
Disappointed that yelp took me here on such high expectations.  The only good food I had here was the friendly service and chips and salsa. \nBut if you are looking for a good sized meal, then this is the place for you.  Big portions, and busy during lunch time
Great service, flavor-filled burgers, tasty fries!  Watch out for the low-hanging lights!
Nice place but a long way from Vegas fun. The economic downturn has taken a big toll on the grounds.
If you got kids this is the place to go. Parking lot is very tight and it gets packed like crazy. It's best to go early in the morning rather then the middle of the day. Games are fun, everyone enjoys it, and that's what really matters.
Said they open at 0600. At 0610 I asked if they were open after ignoring the line that had formed and I was told 5 more minutes. At 0620 they had still not opened. I was hoping to catch breakfast before an early flight but I wasted all the time I had in line. At this place.
The drinks were delish, The appetizers were the best part of the night. The entree, some spicy pasta dish... NOT impressed. Took most of it home and ended up throwing it away.
Serving Pure Wax-cellence! All about perfect shaping, waxing, plucking, tinting... Without looking like a drag queen. Stacey is professional, precise, and provides incomparable customer service! Highly recommend The Wax Genie for all your waxing and manscaping needs.
DO NOT GO THERE. talk about a bloody & PAINFUL expeirence D: acrylic nails = NOT ftw
Great choices of beer and the pretzel is amazing. The service is the worst I have ever experienced! Went for happy hour because Kona Grill was so busy and we really should have hovered to find a table at Kona!!
Hey Wally:  We were at your restaurant for lunch again today and as usual, the food and service was great.  Just wanted to say congratulations on winning the restaurant competition last night!  We wanted to attend, but S got home from work at 7 pm and we felt it was too late to go and enjoy your event.
i'm not one for the heavy tourist spots so i'm prejudice against hofbrauhaus.  that being said, the sausage is ok.  the beer is good.  it's just too kitchy and overblown for me.  theres much better german food in vegas if you're looking.
I am a Nepali and I am really disappointed with their food. Went there because of the good review but to tell the truth, never had this kind of Nepali food in my life. The only good thing was hot pickle. I don't like to give bad reviews but this is not what I was expecting from a Nepali Restaurant.
Food and drinks are so delicious
Chicken chimichanga very good nice and moist chicken. Chicken fajitas very good and full after eating
I love this place. The food is good,  the server is hot (his name is Jerrick, he has a great smile :-)) and over all atmosphere is awsome. I would come back here again and again.... Especially for the cute server ;-).
They make your sandwich the way you ask for it.  Plus, they're fast and gave me a free cookie card for being in the health profession.\n\nThree stars because I consider Subway to be an average chain and not gourmet food.
Very pricey and a very slim selection of only cocktails. You can't take your own pictures and have to pay for theirs. It's a tourist trap for sure but if you can afford it- its worth checking out if you've never been. Just be prepared to spend a lot of money.
It's going to be nice when its done! love the out door mall idea. The westside needed this. Cant wait to enjoy the finished product.
Customer service was horrible. They lost a $700 sale because the Guy behind the counter was a dick.
Fantastic - warning! Poncy word approaching - ambience, even in the typical winter torrential rain. The Paulaner at the top stall is amazingly fresh, and recommended.\n\nOf course... it's gone now. Come back next year.
The food is OK. Not great. The customer service is OK. I've been here twice in 20 hours because it's close to my house. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here though.
Ramen is so salty and filled with MSG. Makes me want to drink a whole glass of water after eating here. \nIt is expensive too
Really good sushi, great service and nice atmosphere. First time in here and we'll go back. We've lived all over the country and really enjoy finding a good sushi restaurant. This is our new place in North Las Vegas!
Came here late night for cocktails and a bite. Loved the dumplings.  Beef skewers were good but kinda marbled. Watermelon flavored martini was bomb but could use a little more alcohol. Overall a great experience!
This is totally my go to place! Freshest ahi in town......
Just for the sake of having Frozen Yogurt , You can visit here. Their Yogyrt is creamy like a icecream so i am not fan of it. Somebody who has eaten Frozen yogurt at yogurtland will not prefer to have this. It has nice seating though and right on Downtown Mill Avenue.
Visiting from Los Angeles where there's a juice bar on every corner.. However, One Stop is one of the best juice bars I've been too. Tasty and fresh. Tons of supplements and health foods to choose from and Beronica is so awesome! Wish I could take One Stop back to LA with me!!
This place is just sad! The employees are too lazy to let you meet any of the animals. These kind of businesses should be shunned and shamed for their practices. How can we as a society allowed businesses like this to survive?
had an Easter lunch there today and i have not tried their burgers before and had a basic cheese burger and was very good, had that backyard bbq taste, wife had the bbq chicken sliders and they were great. always a nice place to eat.
Ladies great place for tools for your crafting projects, not to mention the ladies room is cleaner than I expected (that's important to us ladies). Good prices too.
Met friends here for dinner a week ago. Staff was friendly, place was clean, and the food was good.
Neil the Cashier is nice,and personable. The food quality SUCKS. they DONT have Sticky Rice anymore, there to over priced, there bathroom was dirty!!! I will not go back ,thank you
Very good sushi.  Took the advice and tried the tuna taco.  Happy hour specials from 4pm-6pm.   We will come back and try some new rolls.  The menu has a nice variety.
Gross, nasty, bacteria infested water. Its sad because the scenery is beautiful. There are lots of rocks to scrap you and slip on. Not my type of fun. It's just a free for all out on the river-trash, marshmallow throwing, no restrooms and horse cramp. Never again.
A bit pricey but it's all good. Good they have a shop in the hotel. They have range of stuff.
Came in to have new four tires put in myJeep. Jacob, the Salesman was so helpful, nice  & answered my questions . The work was done quickly . GREAT service:)
The sushi here is not the greatest. Not a very good selection and the rolls lacked in flavor. Definitely won't be going back.
The food is simply amazing. It's hard to believe it is fast food. The custard is to die for. The service is very good and the staff super friendly.  Will be eating here on a regular basis with the family.
This location does not match my previous experience on quality. Meatballs were full of filler. Tomato sauce was bland. Buca's is a place I use to rave about, Italian like Mom makes, but no more and not in las Vegas. Very disappointed.
Great location but the wait time and employees, not so great!\n\nThey need loud upbeat music or something.. If I took my time\nAnd did not acknowledge customers I'd be in big trouble.
So much fun. You get to choose where you sit and we always go inside In the summer because we are not insane. So many food options as well as drinks. They have comedy shows and other shows. The bathrooms are very night club. Love coming here for a drink or two.
luv their thai tea :)
Every time I come here I am disappointed. Their bagels are like hockey pucks. It is however convenient and if you want to be the new favorite employee at work Wednesdays they have bakers dozen for $6. Not for me but if you are feeling generous/cruel I'd def treat my employees to some.
Excellent service! Mike and his crew are very responsive, efficient, and did a terrific job on my roof. I would recommend them to anyone needing roofing services.
Dinner for 4 = $360 with only 2 folks drinking? Steak was good but not that good. Very pretty place!
Best fries!\nGreat deal. The burgers are not so big but really tasty and cheap.
Nice selection...horrible service. Asked to use bathroom, guy just said no. I said seriously?? He said no...that's it. So instead of spending my money on craft beer in this place, I left. Not coming back..ever.
OK beer, but not as good as many other local breweries. Pizza was mediocre so if you go there spend the money on beer, not food.
Disappointed with this club!! It's like XS but smaller and people aren't even dancing! I also dislike how this and XS plays nothing but EDM!! It's like a couple of clubs play HIp Hop, I think it's a Vegas thing honestly.
I LOVE the pizza here! Especially the veggie mins olives plus pineapple... It's SO good I really struggle not to just eat until I burst... I've come close.. LOL
So-so... Too expensive for what we got. Also a bit too snobbish...
Very expensive for the quality. Yes you might find some good deals, but generally doesn't worth to go there.
Meh, at best.  We were seated immediately but it took our server 7 minutes to acknowledge we were there.  The queso dip was cold & thick.  The food was very mediocre.  I will never spend another dime here.
The Holstein sliders were good.  This place is popular and can often takes a wait to get in.  But I love the cute cow decor!
Love Mariana's supermarket.... It's not the most organized market nor the biggest in town but the prices are good and the quality on almost all their items is top notch.
Closed bankrupt
Is very good
Not sure why this place gets such great reviews. The service was good but the food just ok and the location/atmosphere ok.\nI found the price very expensive as well.\nNot worth it.
Ordered our food and sat down - only to be told later they were out of veggie burgers. They refunded my money. Got my wife's order wrong. But she said the burger was good regardless. Fries were good. Undecided if we'll return. Probably not.
Nothing spectacular about the food here. The drinks are strong. Reservations are a must which can be a pain with large groups, especially when you are locked in a resort without many choices to begin with.
Professional and friendly service Rudy  helped me and went above and beyond all expectations Higly recommend this place 2 thumbs up!!
A classic. I hope this place never goes out of business.
I like this place for some reason.  Cheap food and cheap room.  Thats all you need.  And also the fun zone downstairs is great for hours.  Pool sucks but this hotel is always fun.
Love their mushroom burgers! And the kid's chicken strips are hot and fresh. Definitely a go-to if you love burgers.
I grabbed a quick meal there while doing Christmas shopping; low 'n behold they managed to cram even more variety in this tiny little eatery.\n\nWhat's still a constant is value for the $.
its convenient being downtown but the pharmacy itself literally closes at 5pm everyday and the prices are at least $2-3 more than a regular walgreens that you would find elsewhere.
I love cheap clothing , I love savers. Even though this location is getting a Hipster feel to it (some jackets in the store are $80+. Fueled by the fact that it's across from arrowhead mall) I still do like it. But try to tone down the trendy crap.
Had the Jerk Chicken and my friend had the beef patties.  Food was really good and the owner is a really nice lady.  She's opening a great rental hall for parties next door.
very helpful with buying a new phone. we have never bought a phone before...T-mobile use to do \"free Phone\" upgrades every 2 years but no more. \n\ngood service and our rep helped us save a few bucks with a plan change. \n\noverall, just dandy.
Small place, former fast food joint. Service is good, food is amazing, It's cheap and fast and really tasty. Don't go here if you are looking for something fancy but if you want good food and good prices, it's perfect.
Long lines and only a few employees working during busy lunch hour. I dread going to this post office. Once I went and the lines weren't long, but there were still only two employees.
We went to the Wicked Spoon with high expectation, but unfortunately we were disappointed. The food is just OK. For the money you pay, it is not worth going there. We will stick to the buffet at the Bellagio, which is so much better and worth the money.
Went with a friend and got a Bento box (Salmon teriyaki).  Food was good, but the place is a bit far from campus.  I'm not a fan of Miso soup, but the rest of my meal was good.
Quick service, good selection of ice cream, amazing selection of add ins. Not many choices for low fat ice creams.
Excellent music and very tasty choices on tap. Try the stout. Will definitely stop by next time I'm in Vegas.
------------
The LVH Champagne Brunch left me with food poisoning. If you must eat here, avoid the eggs benedict and crab legs.
My favorite smoothie shop in town. Great smoothies and good food as well.\n\nI recommend the Peanut Butter flatbread with bananas and honey. Buffalo wrap has a good kick. \n\nNot cheap, but good and healthy. Nothing better gefore a hockey game.
Nice enough looking location.  Parking is plentiful.\n\nWaiter was engaging but did disappear for long spells.\n\nFood was good, not sure we had anything that was AMAZING.\n\nWorth at least a revisit.
Tried it and they were out of everything we tried to order. Gave them another try and same thing. We gave up and wont be going back
This is just an average cafe. We ordered fish and chips, fried chicken and a Belgian waffle. Everything was just ok. Not bad; not good. I do commend them for serving up fresh, fried chicken and not pre-fried frozen Banquet chicken like a lot of other places in Vegas. The prices are very reasonable.
They have a pretty wide open menu for a BBQ joint, including home town staples like Italian beef and other chi-town styled sandwiches. \nI suggest the pulled pork and the fried zucchini.
Great tap beers. Good food. Simple decor. Friendly staff. Good lunch spot for shopping day trip.
The people here are so friendly and patient as I take forever to look over the menu. Very cute and quiet and the coffee is great!
Favorite place for sushi in Vegas!!! Never disappoints...
When the craving for non-chain Chinese food hits (I'm looking at you, Panda Express), this place is a decent alternative. And by decent, I mean \"not always good\".
Combine bad service and awful food and bingo ... You've got Harold's. With about a billion restaurants to pick from, why would anyone eat at this dump and based upon the dining area and it's level of filth, ya gotta wonder what the kitchen looks like.
I rarely guve low reviews... but the pictures are deceiving.... servings are super small and food over priced. The rolls are decent but gone in two bites.... everything else we ordered (fish n chips, calm chowder) was not very good to be honest...
All of the other reviews are correct- the food here is awesome.  Minus one star, though, for the decor.  It was much prettier when it was the bar.  Ah, well..
Been to Rubio's a few times and the food is always good.  could be faster though. also, I hate the tables in there, they always feel sticky which is just sooooo gross to me.
Staff was very friendly and took care of my furry, little dog. Groomed exactly how I asked. Finished off with a cute little bandana. I believe it was Jaime.. Awesome job!
Make sure you order the day before so get your food in time. If you come at night, expect to wait 30-45 minutes.
Not a bad 12 am in room pizza experience. Not the greatest pizza ive ever had, but did the trick.
Poor service, over-priced and mediocre food at best. They were not accommodating to special requests such as a different pasta sauce or adding cracked red pepper to a dish. People come here for the name but leave thinking Buddy V should stick to cake instead of restaurants.
If you have \"cheeseburger\" in the name of your business... You should probably be good at making a cheeseburger..  Over cooked, stale bun and waaaaay over priced... Never going back.
It was okay. Portions were a little small and the service was meh! My steak was seasoned well I must say. But I wont come back here again.
The host was an old italian man who was very very rude. The bread was stale, calamari overlooked place was terrible
*UUUHHHGGGG*  I'm stuffed!  Ate FAR too much!  Food was GREAT again!  Falafel was still very good as was the Gyro!  \n\n(Order the French Fries!)
I ordered the hot wings tender strips came with some fries and a soda the fries was very greasy!! I don't no if I will be back
Really good place to eat , but really small dining , the wings are baked that's a plus ! The owner is there sometimes cooking , it is one of of favs :)
My family and I had lunch there today and I ordered szcuan beef and the meat and rice were old and I took my food back and they didn't want to refund my money so I decieded to warn every one.
You forgot to put in my food order, or you forgot to apologize for the mistake, either way I haven't forgotten to write you a negative review.\n\nIf I could give 2.5 stars I would because the person next to me got their sushi on a boat which looked really cool, and deserves .5 stars.
Wine glasses were very dirty! I had to ask them to please take the glass back and clean them. I am not a hotey totey, but I don't like looking at crude on my glass each time I take a drink.\n\nMy husband struggled to find a good beer and this is considered a tavern.
This gc is pretty decent, the service is friendly and it's one of the few places a guy my age(56) can go and still be called dude.\n\nwww.myspace.com/slideroolz
Very average food
It's kinda nice having this Mexican joint in Sdale.\nVery good Sonoran Mexican and nice staff. I say joint because it looks like its been around for awhile; not a prettified corporate place.
This is a great place!  I found some vintage Metal Cigarette cases (business card size).  She knows her antiques and she knows her inventory well!  She has a lot of merchandise here.  She is very friendly and helpful too!
Not a fan...sure they were teenagers coming into buy a suit two days before prom, but poor service is never going to leave a good impression. We had much better luck and service at JC Penney.
I had the seaweed salad, and a nice glass of house pinot. The salad hit the spot as an entree. I had the key lime pie for dessert, which was solid. I'd go back when I'm in Montreal again.
Yummy!   - but I prefer  GOYEMON Sushi down the road
It's your standard Panda Express. This one is at least busy most of the time so the entrees seem to always be fresh and haven't been sitting in the warming tray for hours. The staff always seems to be friendly and the place is clean.
Love Dr. Bramley and his staff they care about you and your pet and their pricing is very fair.
This is the best pizza I have ever tasted.  I get the cheese bread, pizza and cheese ravioli and all of it is excellent.  I also tried the apple/cinnamon dessert which also was outstanding.  Highly recommend it
\"Meh. I've experienced better.\" The yelp caption already said it all. It looks upscale and nice from the outside but inside, it is just another typical bar with too many empty tables and slow service.
Awful. I'm embarrassed for the performers and TI who call this a show.
Friendly staff, clean place, but really slow!  Went for lunch and had to leave after waiting 40 minutes for food - it arrived as I was leaving/paying for my drink.  It looked good, but  they are slow.
Excellent sushi. Sophisticated yet comfortable atmosphere and great presentation. Finding this place hidden away on a third floor is a real gem.
I took my toddler to an event they had for little ones. For $5 for me to get in, it was worth it. I don't think it would have kept the attention of my older kids. I will definitely attend future toddler events.
One of the biggest buffets I have been to. Not as big, not as good as the M Resort. They have a lot of great seafood's. I went on a Saturday night, so it was busy. The bright side is the line moves fast.
Bellagio does it again, FREE and awesome thing to see in Vegas. It is gorgeous. Follow the signs in the hotel to \"The Conservatory\"
Saw the show last night and it was entertaining. Each performer did well, but the singer portraying Sinatra was off-key several times. Something Old blue eyes would never do. Dean Martin's persona was the best of the bunch, and Joey almost had me believing it was really him.
This place just plain sucks\nBad management lost them biz\nDumb arcade drama*\n\n* they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old
Sunday afternoon is not prime donut hours, but the creature needed feeding and Rainbow Donut was nearby.  Sparse selection, but what I got was pretty good.  The glaze wasn't quite Krispy Kream, but did hit the spot and the old fashion is definitely worth going back for.
Much better than streets of New York and there wings are the best I go there all the time
Gross! Diva chefs won't accommodate minor requests .. All I wanted was different onions!!! Bland, tasteless and plain boring!\nWorst feeling.. Leaving a restaurant hungry
Great location.  Wonderful staff.  There was an awful smell on the first floor that they were working to remove.  The rooms was clean and large.  The free breakfast was great.  Great beds!  The only neg was there was no exhaust fan in the bathroom.  Better than most Hiltons I have stayed in.
When trying to find unique hard to locate products, this is a good solution.
hands down best bagels (in the world?)
Excellent food, great service, and friendly people.  If you like the cuisine, you have to to try K & K!
have been here a few times now and have to say everyone is nice and helpful and friendly but the food is never up to par. i really expect better quality and freshness for the price you pay the theater is very comfortable and the seats are great. but wont eat here again. even the popcorn could use improvement
If you are going through the Drive-Thru, be prepared to wait for a very long time before they even respond!!! Customer Service is terrible also!!!
We didn't enjoy our lunch today. We waited nearly 45 minutes for a couple of sandwiches. The place didn't seem busy but the food and service was especially slow. When the food arrived, it wasn't amazing. Sorry to say but I don't think we will be back.
Restaurant is best kept secret in Madison. We go for the Friday night fish fry. You get 3 pieces of cod choice of potatoe cole slaw baked bean and rye bread for under 11$. It's usually not busy so there's no wait. The food is always good and service is also good.
Quite frankly, this place scares me. Always crowded with security and I always got pushed and shoved. Not my kind of club. Glad this place is closing.
Pretty cool looking place.  Made to look like China.  But of course, it's Chinatown.  But you really don't come here to shop.  You come here to eat.  I guess it's a Kodak moment, so bring your camera, takes some cool shots, eat and leave.
This place has the best Mexican food ever! Their food is awesome, healthy, and very fresh. If you haven't tried it you are missing out.
Dr Sosinsky the best! Has helped me soooo much with my MS. Thank You!
This was a great show Wally the MC was the highlight. Worth the price I loved every minute
Good food and great service. My family enjoyed our visit. Our waiter did a good job following up with our table.
Really good Jewish breakfast sliders, Jewish sliders, and buffalo benedict.
Very bad experience. Mattress was stained, bathroom door was peeling and front desk staff were rude when they were informed of the issues.
I will not get tattoos anywhere else! They are a bit goofy, but I think that's why I always feel so relaxed and comfortable there. I have had several hours of work done here and I am always completely satisfied. Love Radatat!
For business travelers maintaining a healthy diet is SO difficult. This is the PERFECT solution to maintain a healthy diet while being forced to eat out while traveling. Excellent & healthy options. The ingredients are always fresh and quality. Great choice! I come to True Foods Kitchen any city I find it in when on business.
This sonic wasn't too far from my mother's in chandler so I came here a few times for cold drinks to get me thru the heat.  Both their flavored lemonades and ice cream drinks were excellent!
Eh.  Just eh.  The papusas are decent.  The chips and salsa have to have been store bought....and who the hell puts a \"cell phone store\" inside of a restaurant?  Hello, ghetto!
Get there right before closing time and there was a line, staff was friendly and I was allowed to taste different unusual flavors like \"blue cheese\" and \"jalapeno avocado\" but stayed with a save one Belgium chocolate that was amazing and the sugar cone waffle was the freshest.
super rude service!!!
Thai tea tasted watered down and the\nChicken Chow mien had no sauce no nothing on it. It's was literally just like noodles and chicken and barely a serving of vegetables all tossed together but nothing tying them together. Thank god I have Sriracha at my house to help salvage this meal
Great haircut in downtown Scottsdale for less than 20 bucks.
The food is excellent!
Only went here cause we got a $20 credit. Decent food, got the spider roll, Singapore noodles and shrimp fried rice.
Yes it's a chain and serves non authentic Chinese. Yes it is pretty good. Happy hour has some pretty solid deals.
Total hidden gem! They have a great variety of items on their menu and seem to do everything well!
We drive all the way across town to eat the Steak and Eggs here at this location. Everything about this place is awesome!!
Best market in the world! I LOVE Sprouts!
Huge fan of this place, went there last night. It was packed for Labor Day weekend. So fun, I don't know if every weekend  they do this blackout light thing but it was awesome. Never been before, but it was clear this is the place to be.
The food sucked, the service was awful and the managers were incompetent.
I would like to compliment Derek and his team. They have helped me out on numerous projects and their commitment to service and quality is second to none. Their pricing is always competitive and they get the job done right and on time. I would definitely recommend working with them!
A great coffee house. The muffins are awesome and my personal favorite is the choc chip. The baristas are friendly and efficient . So much better than sbuks in every way
I love this concept, and this place was clean with a fun atmosphere :)  AND their chocolate shake...  was made with Thrifty's Chocolate Malted ice cream...  awesome...
New bar down town. Awesome patio bar and restaurant!  Helpful and cute servers.
We had a great experience at this hotel, the service was excellent, but if u can upgrade to the deluxe room, u will not be sorry, great location, private entrance to the terminal
Celebrated my daughter's 9th birthday there.  It was great and well priced.  They had invitations for me to hand out, a private party room, and I didn't have to pay any deposit to book the party!
*Quick \n\n*Pleasant Service\n\n*Inexpensive for a generous amount of food \n\n*The best overall tasting Chinese I have found thus far in the Casa Grande Area!
The people are really nice here and the pictures are amazing.  I really appreciate they give a military discount.  The pictures and videos are really amazing!  The detail in the pictures are amazing.  As anyone reading this can tell, I think the pictures were amazing!  We will come here again with our next child.
Im sure its a great service. However, the website claims appointments usually within the week. I called, they said 5 weeks out, so good luck with that!! Its summer now, my cat needs to be sheared before she melts, not by sometime in August!
This place has great pizza and an amazing price.  It's always fresh and the owner is super friendly.
Rat hole. Over priced food coming from ratty Pantless waitresses. I only gave this place one star out of pity.
Love it! Get the Shallot pancake and and order or dumplings. My suggestion is the Pork and Chive dumplings fried. \nCheck out the Bar upstairs Luwan, Very Cool!
Best burger joint around! I highly recommend the crab cake burger... I always make sure to order me a taro boba drink as well, yum!! Excellent restaurant to take people visiting Vegas. Fun menu and delicious food!!
New signage system makes it a waste of my time to come in\n The dungeon ladies room is the last straw
Terrible store lay out.  Clearly designed by a tired 3 year old with ADD
I want to tell anyone who's having garage door issues to give Jeff a call. He had to cut the track to fit inside my crazy built garage. He did it with ease and grace. May I also add he didn't charge me an arm and leg.  I'd definitely recommend him!!!!
Do not ask Cox to do something simple such as change the name on the account from yours to that of your wife unless you want to endure 5 hours of frustration and no service...am at the point of changing provider and awarding Zero stars if it were possible
Great pest control company! They're always on time and I've had the same guy spraying my house for years now.
If you haven't been here drop everything and go.  Great food at a reasonable price!  Plates big enough to share or have the next day
Thanks to Donald S for organizing a UYE happy hour!  So glad I came back.  Dawn took care of our group last night and did a fantastic job!  The manager even stopped by and chatted with us about Yelp.  Will definitely return!
Some of the best pho in town. Stumbled upon this place based on a recommendation and have found few places that have better pho. Staff is always very welcoming. Highly recommended.
Nice locals spot.\n\nA good place to catch some forgotten talent in concert on the cheap.
if you want a cheap hotel, go to excalibur, tropicana is declining big time, I stayed here a couple of years ago and it was adequate, I went last week and now it's supergross.com.
No more Coolatta. The Coolatta machine is broken. At all locations, apparently. Why the (*bleep*) are you still selling Coolatta if the machine's broken? Does corporate office know they're scamming customers? Horrible customer service.
Pretty good overall, was dead when we went in and wasn't all that comfortable with the overall atmosphere when the busboy was clearing tables with a wad of tissue sticking out of his nose. Food was pretty good, but the cleanliness knocks it down a star.
Came in to get a little snack and ended up getting a good deal too! (Celebrate 31) the place is fairly clean and the staff is super nice!! I was told to have a scooper day. Haha how fun!! Good job guys good job!! :)
The line is very long.The crumb cake-not good.The chocolate cannoli-good.The dark chocolate mini cake-amazing!\n\n\n              -Samantha (Sami)
I into this store after reading reviews looking for a 5 drawer dresser.  They had NONE. Furniture is VERY limited and VERY outdated.  Prices are NOT thrifty either as most of the clothing is name brand items - so good price for branding but still not cheap.
If the sample menu prices are accurate, this will NOT be an \"everyday\" neighborhood restaurant for us.  Cork n Cleaver provided excellent food at truly reasonable prices. The cost of a meal here looks to be double. What a shame.
Bring your smart friends If you come for trivia Tues or Wed nights.  It was packed, barely finished in the top ten. .. many taps and curly fries made it great night with friends in this friendly environment.
Slow as hell for carry out.
The guys that work here are super nice and know what they're talking about when it comes to cars. I brought my car in for lowering springs, oil changes, window tint, HIDs   and since then it runs and drives perfect. They have outstanding service! My parts ordered were shipped immediately and was done in a quick timely manner.
I tried making an appointment by phone and when I asked if they took my insurance, they told me that I would have to call and see if they were in my network. How is it they can't tell me if they take my insurance? Why are they making me do all the work? No thanks. Next.
This is a great company.  I bid them out for all of my commercial jobs and they end up winning the bid 99% percent of the time.  I have had to make very few, if any, call backs.
I enjoy this place. Food always taste fresh and is adequately portioned.
Too left-wing for me. Cafe has no food and the store part is small and closes early, even if the place is open late. Total commies!
This will be our go to restaurant when we come to Arizona. We loved the atmosphere and the food. Margaritas were great. The green chili was fantastic. But they have the best beans. Really. The beans.
Okay I'm only updating cause we tried again new things and same results, meat is cheap and not good. Only recommend the Singapore noodle.
I had the hurricane and it was awesome.  You want to add some excitement to your drink get the additional Shot of Rum for a $1 and BAM !
Love Chick-fil-A! Been a Raving Fan for almost 6 years. When it comes to customer service and atmosphere, it just doesn't get any better than Chick-fil-A. It's more than just a transaction, it's an experience. Great family environment and healthy choices.
Good food, ALL SUPER FRESH.. I enjoyed it. Place is very busy.. so the noise is not so good in their. Service is friendly.  Go with Gumbo Soup, Alvacado Crab Sandwich.. Yummmmmmmy and dont forget the Brownies :) smiles
This place was pretty decent.  I couldn't believe there is a place like this in Vegas.  The service was good and the food was decent.  I did smell like garlic for days though.  I will go back, but it's not first on my list.
Kelly's is not a bad spot. The food is ok for a late night spot but the drinks are good. It does get loud and crowded in there but that adds to the ambiance. The interior is pretty retro which is very cool.Overall, not a bad spot.
Great sale going on, but didn't find anything worth buying.\n\nI did eye a couple of cute winter caps for 60% off. However, after purchasing 2 Burberry caps the previous day, I decided I was capped out...
A little expensive but I was in a bit of a hurry so settled for something convenient over price. Service was ok, albeit somewhat awkward. \n\nThere are cheaper ones I he area but the one I checked before was closed when I needed them, so this place was not only convenient but available. Good enough in a pinch.
My whole team eats here at least once a week. Service is excellent and always friendly! Food is very authentic and always yummy. I highly recommend stopping in.
What can I say...this used to be my regular as it was cheaper for dinner for two here than cooking on your own.  It's still OK.  Full of Dell Web residents if you get there for an early dinner.  Love Mirna, the waitress that has been there for years!
This place and its owner/operators are the best.  Phong and his wife are pleasant, fun, and have great stories.  They have a good selection of import beers and Phong even ordered in something for us that he did not normally stock.  The prices are reasonable and he has all of your convenience needs on top of the great beer and liquor.
Long wait in line
Starbucks is Starbucks.  Place was clean and my drink was made correctly.  Stopped by because is was next to CVS.
All I'm gonna say is Capastrami Sandwich. Love it and miss it. Can someone send one over to Fort Wayne, IN? I'm preggers and need a fix. :)
Some of the best views from a golf course in the valley!!!  I will be playing this a few times a year and I only play about 8-10 times each year.
Not bad. We had better when we were visiting D.C. Walked in to Spanish music playing which cracks me up but whatever. Prices aren't bad at all.  Will continue to look for a better place.
We always stopped at El Patron whenever we came down to Vegas from LA. They should definitely open this back up I'n the future!
Worst service ever. They don't even greet you. They yank menus out of babies hands, they don't have manners. Period.\nNever going back.
Love this place. We need one on the west side.  Great OJ and love the veggie hash and the savory crepes.
I've been here twice so far and the staff is friendly and the yogurt is good. I think they have as many choices as Yogurtland and the prices are similar but most importantly right down the street from my house :) I'll definitely be here a lot this summer!
Been Using discount tire for about 5 years. Bought the tires at a Colorado Springs location. This store was mirror experience of that store . Polite and curious.  Clean store.  Gave recommendation on what to\nFix and replace , never were high pressure though, which is what I like.
Great if you love dishonesty, crass, playing grown-up, and a ritzy veneer of Y2K-era LED lighting seen in 'supper clubs' around town. \nI especially recommend their twelve dollar pints of canadian dive-bar beer. Drink em with your pinkies out.
Medco is now Express Scripts.  Medco valued customers and their service was best for their industry.  Express Scripts values the bottom line which basically means less coverage and less service.   Employers should seek a different pharmacy benefits manager if they value their employees.
Best of the best!!! Great service and great work... I wouldn't take my car any other place than devious designs...
Old fashion cooking like you used to have when you were a kid.  Nice, clean friendly service.  \n\nNot the best neighborhood but trustworthy that you'll be served a yummy hot plate of food.\n\nAlways filled with regulars and enough room to welcome large families on a busy Sunday.
just to let you no it closed down hopefully something much better takes its place
Box office was awesome! I had a problem and they took the time to solve it so thank you for that! Saw The Cult and they killed it!
Has the potential for a sweet, intimate venue.  However, when I went the crowd was very disrespectful, so much so that the artist requested that people stop talking.  I couldn't hear the music due to all the people noise, so I will not go here again for someone I'm really into.
Went with a large family group. The food was excellent. We ordered the rock cod sweet/sour, egg drop soup, noodles, shrimp, kung pao chicken, spicy eggplant, veg fried rice etc. \n\nWill like to go again.
I fell in LOVE with this place so much that I went back the next day to try more food and cocktails!\nI LOVE the pretzels they serve with cocktails and the cucumber gimlets are amazing!
Cool little find. Average food but awesome servers and friendly environment draw you in. I noticed nobody even needed a menu lol. They were all greeted by name and asked if they wanted their \"usual\". Family feel for sure :)
Seriously good Greek food! Been to most of the Greek places in town, and I think this is by far the best. The chicken souvlaki plate, gyros, and falafel are all fantastic!
By far, the best tanning in Charlotte. Friendly  and knowledgable staff. They are happy to provide info and offer suggestions. Very clean and great beds!  Love this place!
I'm just getting back into Yoga and I had a great experience a LifePower Yoga.  Alicia, the instructor, was a very helpful and welcoming.
The food came out tasting dry and a little old.. I was not too impressed but I have had some pretty good Mongolian grill before this was kind of like the McDonald's version of YCs taste wise.
I have to say, I was quite disappointed with the crepes.  We got the Queen City and Mascarpone and Berries. They were thick and more like burrito texture than actually crepes.  Don't think i will  be coming here again for crepes.
I love their pizza here, maybe not my favorite but its the closest to decent out here in lovely Arizona for the price. It reminds my bf and I of round table pizza in California.
A strong addition to the relatively unimpressive community of campus restaurants.  Had the flautas and steak tacos.  Almost as good as La Pasadita in Chicago.  Efficient for the small size of the place.  Will return.
The Burgundy Lion is a definite go-to spot to enjoy a few drinks with friends, but if you're looking for a fine taste of England, you can pass on it.  We haven't had much English food before, but we know it can be better than what we had that night.
Absolutely love this place!!!
Other than the Girls being hot, this show was horrible! After a minute of standing there listening to their voices I thought I actually WAS hearing Sirens. Not worth to wait or watch.
Staff is always nice, food is prepared when you order it so its always hot and fresh. If you like Mexican food, give this place a try.
Really good stuff, although their side selection is limited.   Their fried okra is especially good, because it seemed very fresh, and not like frozen and then fried...
As an out-of-towner, I chose this church based on their reviews. The pastor did not bring up The Lord or any bible study. Instead, spoke about the finances of the church and even had a guest speaker who spoke about finances as well. I decided to go on a hike afterward and felt the Lord's presence.
Amazing. Romantic!
No sauce and no cheese on the pizza this place looked like it was ready to go out of business already and with the lack of toppings on the pizza I will be shocked if they make it to next year.
Love their salad and soups! Seating was pretty fast. Price is a little high but it is worth it. :)
Sundays couldn't be sweeter without a frequent stop here at Rokerij. From their \"Hip\" staff to their decor; it entices you with each visit. Appetizers are a must and I highly recommend taking advantage of their Sunday Happy hour. You'll be strongly convinced.
The staff is friendly & they have the best bar food in town! Lower the prices & it's a 5 star rating.
Really good food (and tons of it). I definitely recommend the chimichangas and all the desserts.. They always seem to be empty, but I assume it's because they're new-ish and kind of far from the regular food places
Kimmmmm!!! Kim for nails, Lucy for brows, I've been coming here for about 3-4 years, never left unsatisfied!
Speedy quick delivery. Able to order completely on the iPad. Good Chinese comfort food for a sick patient in the hospital.
There isn't a better donut in Arizona. Love their classic glazed.
If I could give them a zero I would. Called 4 times and emailed once for a home I have listed for sale as a Realtor. Never was able to get an appointment for estimate. Total waste of time. Who knows what kind of job they can do but customer service stinks!!
My advice is to get totally piss drunk and then go to your room. This way you will not notice the peeling wallpaper , stinky hallways and huge moths that fly into your room. It is definitely what you pay for.
Always been good food everytime I go. Fast service nice people..prices are excellent...\nIt's a good meal ...rather then paying those high prices for poor food on the strip and prices..
Great classic Italian Neapolitan style pizza done right. Been here many times and it does not disappoint. Friendly staff and expedient service. \nOn concert or event nights be aware that the wait can be longer than usual.\nAnother solid addition to an amazing downtown pizza scene.
Cozy place for a quick meal. Chicken sandwitch was great.
Great gourmet burgers and other delicious plates. The heavy D devils ale is the best !
I will never go to this place again. The quality of food is very poor and the servis is terrible. I wound not recommend this horrible place.
Note!!! Appointment only! Made the mistake of driving over, thinking they take walk-ins!
As a business traveler to find an eatery where you can walk in alone, feel comfortable, have great food and drink and excellent service in a casual pub like  atmosphere is rare.  This place has it all.  Wish we had one in NY.  Will come back again and again.
This place could get by on its location alone but they have put forth the requisite effort to come up with a menu that merits a regular spot in your lunch rotation.  Like many other fellow Yelpers I came away quite pleased with the Pork Shoulder Press.
Actually a really good place for breakfast! Not been there for anything other than breakfast, so my review is limited to that only.\n\nGood size portions, decent quality, fast, friendly service at reasonable prices. What more could you want?\n\nRecommended!
Seriously? This will pass for mexican food in Arizona? I have had better mexican food in Akron, OH.  Stay away from and find a street cart, seriously.  Nothing else to say but, yeck!
This Walmart is only not busy late at night. Most of the prime times the lines are really long and the store is packed. I go here often because it's within walking distance. But it should be bigger or have less displays so people aren't always tripping on each other.
I can only speak to the golf. The course was very well maintained; it is a moderate course; cheap to play; friendly staff; ProLink GPS in carts. The only cons are the sand rake being on the cart & some shabby players (at least I felt comfortable).
This will probably be the go-to sushi place for my needs. My girlfriend loves the teriyaki and bourbon chicken from this place. The special rolls are little pricey, but the sashimi and hand-rolls are decent. Fresh fish and nice servers, can't complain.
I went there for a dinner and I think it was okay for buffet. The price is reasonable. I think in terms of quality and the price it is good.
Gotta have it as soon as I get to Vegas!
My recommendation: Red Velvet\n\nBest red velvet cakes...period
You get your money's worth with the level of food served here.  King crab, prime rib, delicious assortment of desserts, wide variety of high end food.
I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to Italian.\n\nWent here twice.  Meatball sub one time, pasta the other.  Neither was very good.\n\nPrices are nothing special, either.
Our server Dylan was bad. He was mopey, surly, borderline-aggressive. I felt bad rewarding this behavior with a tip. The food was crap too but that is standard fare for Symposium.
I like Galyand's better, but Dick's is not bad.
Horrible place to get your nails done after two days of getting my acrylics nails done they broke.. I came in to get them fix and the Oriental older man told me no come back tomorrow before they even close very rude and disrespectful will never come back here again what a waste of money
Great fish tacos!
Great food. Great service. Brooke was so funny and good at her job. First time to cave creek looking for a great breakfast place this is it. I would drive here just to eat at this place.
I gave them two star just because of the service (staff). This place can easily get a five star but the customer service needs an overhaul.\nFood is great.
We got Tuna Melt and Vegan sandwiches. Both sandwiches were good but not very special. The best thing about their sandwiches is the fresh bread and how they toast it.
UGH! This place has gone from bad to worse! These people use sub par ingredients and the food quality suffers! I guess I'll have to drive all the way to Phoenix to get good Indian food because this is terrible. I wish someone who knew what they were doing would open up a good Indian restaurant in the west valley!
Every time I went there it kinda smelled. I think the sewer must be close to the floor or something. Drinks are normally priced but not too strong. If you want to drink a fishbowl, you could make it at home with some vodka and koolaid. Service is absolutely terrible. I would not recommend it.
Closed. Number out of service. This is the same place as http://www.yelp.com/biz/korea-house-bbq-las-vegas
Illy espresso made by robotic-like servers.   Espresso plus a barely edible chocolate croissant was close to $10.  The shop itself was sort of cool, in a chrome and 1980's GQ sort of way.
Awesome place!  Love the food, very flavorful.
During my 5 nights stay at Ritz,  I went to  Bistro 24 for breakfast my first morning.  I experienced very slow service for Ritz standards.  I had to wait a while for someone to wait on.  It was not even busy.  For the next 4 days, I just walked across the street to Starbucks.
I was here Friday night for the Las Vegas Invitational basketball tournament.  Parking was easy.  Nice well-kept smaller arena.  Typical food and beverage selections.  Good lines of sight.  I like it!
Very Good Food. Excellent Service.  Fresh Guacamole at the table.  Chips and salsa good.  Portion size huge.  FRESH MADE TORTILLAS. friendly staff.
This location was extremely low on staff. I waited about 3 hours to provide a urine sample. The staff was talking very loud about other patients private records and situations. Everyone in the crowded waiting room could hear the staff's conversation.
We went on the opening weekend.  Atmosphere is nice.  It is nice to have a place like this in downtown Chandler.  It looks like this will become a spot to visit frequently.  Food was good.  Service was a bit slow.  Hopefully, they were just working out all the kinks.
Had a lunch meeting here which was a great experience... the service was great, food was good, price was ok and the location and view was nice.   This is a great place for lunch to relax and get away from the crazy city scene.
Was expensive even with \"half off.\" Had a lot of beers, first two picks were out though. Bartender seemed rushed to finish with me. If you're looking to try hundreds of beer on tap this is the place for you, just make sure to bring a lot of money.
I have even here twice for a spa and pedicure and both times have been great! I set an appointment for the morning and got compliments from friends all day! The acrylic lasted for at least 3 weeks and was very pretty! The place was very clean and beautiful it felt like my feet were clean by just walking in!
Terrible customer service, staff arguing with each other. Slow slow slow!!! 20 minutes to get 3 cheese burgers and a small fry. It wasn't that they were overly busy, there might have been 10 people total.
Best green chili pork in Arizona. Tender, tasty and no fat.
Yep the hype is true
No Lox??!??
over price !  Ca Kho To never taste the same ,  sometimes salty , sometimes no flavor at all ! never go there again.
This is a great place if you're looking to enhance skills in Microsoft Office, Photoshop, etc. My consultant is Nick and he's very friendly, helpful, and accessible.
It was ok.the chips and salsa are always the first impression and they were preety lame.chips not fresh and salsa too tomatoee.portion were good food had reasonable flavor,staff was nice.i would go back if was in the area and wanted mexican.
Amazing food!!! The southwest salad with Cajun steak is awesome!!! The bruschetta as well!!!! Servers are very nice and food and drink service is quick. Come here often and will always!
Employee said they were opening at 7am, then told another patron 7:30am and she was still inside with the lights dim and the gates closed at 7:45am. You would think they would be open at a set time or at least in comparison to everyone else in the airport at this time. Even the chocolate stores were open!
Rustlers rooste has been one of our family stay vacation favorite restraunts.s it so close to the resort we stay at, the atmosphere at this restraunt is awesome and the people are very nice. The food is good ad well.
I love TEHARU! such a cool place and super super inexpensive. I love bringing new people there and trying different types of dishes.
Great food, service, atmosphere. The bar is the perfect place to hangout watching football and drink mimosas! Food is awesome-u choose all your ingredients and it is all fresh not frozen like other mongolian BBQ places. Unlimited refills for around ten bucks, love it!
Cannot recycle alkaline batteries and offered to toss them in the garbage but folks, it is the 21st Century and batteries contain high levels of zinc and other metals toxic in high concentrations! It's the law in Europe to recycle these batteries --can't we do better?
I ordered a lentil soup and grilled cheese.  The food tasted quite good.  I disliked how the water was served - a cooler by the cash registers, so it's disruptive to keep getting up and refilling the glass.\n\nRecommended, price is about $10/entree.
Great food, great beer, great televisions and great service.  \n\nThat about covers it.\n\nOh and they have Golden Tee.  Get the appetizer sampler.
Why does this location have to be the dirtiest? Even after the renovation people just leave shit everywhere. People are filthy!!!
Been wanting to come and try this place out and finally did!! Ordered the smothered pork chops!! It was the bomb!! Very nice atmosphere and the employees were super friendly!! Total southern hospitality!! Can't get no better than that!! Will be coming back soon to try out something else on the menu!!
Oh my, I love the coffee shop! Best chai in gilbert and my has my favorite southwest chicken salad/sandwiche. SO good!
If you had been at the Costco on the Waterfront this weekend, you would have noticed it is anything but empty. Mobbed. The staff there is very very friendly .
Walked throughout here to check out their gambling scene and they seriously need an update!! Everything looked very old and worn out. The atmosphere was very dead and dull. Was not excited to try and gamble here at all!
Had a fun time at the Phoenix Zoo with the kids yesterday.
Decent food, service was on the border of being below average.  I would recommend finding something else unless you're too drunk to walk any further.
Very friendly. I always go here when I'm in a bind. I do like the wax but threading has made it easier for me not to break out. I would recommend this place to anyone! And it's in my neigborhood, so super convenient for me!
The best beef pho in Montreal!!!!!! always my favourite!!!
Nice atmosphere. However I found their personal pizzas under-cooked. The crust was rather doughy.
A city runs through it.\n\nLas Vegas grew around this place, originally a game dressing shop.  Chuck Frommer has expanded it into the best butcher shop I know of.
Curry soup extra spicy with anything you want in it. Hella yelp yes... again hella yelp yes, 1000x, yelp yummy! Lunch specials moderately priced, and awesome service. If you must get Thai'd, bind yourself here. Completely fresh... no joke.
Always get delicious deli food here.  Subs are excellent, lots to choose from, and fast & friendly service.  The is very affordable too.  My favorite sub here is the Italian Cruz Po' Boy.  It is not on the menu anymore, it was on there old menu, but is still available. =)
Love this place! Eat here 2-3 times a week and always call ahead for takeout.  Food is very fresh and the salsa's are good. My personal favorite are the fish tacos.. however the\n Gordo burrito is a close second! Thank you Gordo's for great food!
All you can eat salad.  But I like my own dressing....there ranch. Just isn't right.
Love this place!!! best crust and ingredient
After the manager read my review he contact me and apologized. I have yet to return to the place, but the manager assured me my experience will be different. Since then the server that served me was terminated. Looking forward to going again.
Pretty good food. Service was very knowledgeable and accommodating.\n The open kitchen is awesome and over all it was a great experience. We felt the appetizers recommended to us were flat and needed additional salt and acid.\n Some of the best broccoli I've ever eaten. Enough said.
Great customer service at this location.  Matt is excellent to work with
Great spot to find in my new neighborhood.  The croissant breakfast sandwich is so darn delish and cheap!  I almost wish she would have charged me more so that I can help ensure this spot doesn't go away!\n\nSupport this place! Great food and awesome space and service!
Good pizza! Not my favorite but far from the worst. Sauce tastes good and they do not skimp on the cheese. Wings were very good too.\n\nI haven't tried anything else on menu and only have ordered via takeout but, I would recommend it for pizza on a Friday night!
I've been to the Herbox many times in the past. On this visit I was disappointed in the menu.  The menu was blah not the same. The usual wait staff not present & friendly. This use to be one of my favorite places in Scottsdale not sure now. Hope things go back the old way.
I really didn't like the selections of gaming at this casino.  It was smokey that I walked out right away losing.
They were ok at first but when I went in for a very personal screening after I found out some things about my spouse, my doctor came off very judgmental and I felt very uncomfortable. Turned out everything was fine..but I never went back and never will.
great seafood and management and staff are wonderful.
Zipps is a good restaurant for a quick lunch. The salads they offer are large portions and the iced tea comes in large tumblers. I enjoy this restaurant for wings, beer and a game. I agree that the bar could use at least one, if not two, larger sized T.V.s.
Friendly staff and great prices, but you get what you pay for. TERRIBLE quality with their dry cleaning and wet wash. The company they contract out to pays ZERO attention to special instructions. After months of error after error, I think it's time to find a new cleaner. SO DISAPPOINTED.
Terrible is the right word for this station's service.  In only one visit they broke my center console by leaning on it too hard, put in the wrong weight oil, and stole my owner\"s manual.  Never again.
My new hang out spot. Dani, the server, was wonderful. The appetizers were great! That's all we ate, the tacos and the Chicken Lolipops. Price was perfect for happy hour.
Went for restaurant week this past summer. Food was good. Menu options were also good. Service was average, at one point a bus boy dragged a trash can right through the restaurant. Expected better brig a del friscos sister restaurant, but overall average. Good wine list.
By far the best chicken and waffles I've ever had. The Kool-aid in a mason jar and fried pickles appetizer really made it a unique and tasty dinner.
Chef Yoshi has left and the sushi has gone downhill. The sushi is not nearly as creative or fresh as before.
I think the all you can eat is too expensive for what they offer. I've had better and less expensive in Korea Town in LA
The food here is always good, however the servers are often impolite and rude. There is always an issue with our order and bill, and when we ask the server to correct they have an attitude.
Very good pizza for Madison! Real pizza, too, not that cracker-like crust that seems to be prevalent around here. Great toppings, fresh, good sauce, salad was also good, reasonable prices, excellent service.
So great!!! I felt like I was back in NY!!!
Really really good!
We ate there several weeks ago and it was good and drove by today and it is closed.    Sign on the door from the landowner saying it was abandoned and they changed the locks.  We waited for 5 months for this place to open and it's closed after 3_4 months    Tough business to be in food prep I guess
Love this place! Food is great. Bartenders at night ROCK! It isn't on the menu, but when you have the munchies, order the fresh potato chips with shredded cheese. They are AWESOME!
Students beware:\n\nPHoenix college students are thieves!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \n\nI leave my bag of whole grain bread in the library bin (not allowed to have food in the library) only to leave the library not able to find it.
Egg drop soup was great... Fast delivery... Friendly service...
Terrible location, excellent food. I'll be returning for sure to surprise my co-workers with breakfast!
Eat upstairs, much quieter than the hectic atmosphere of everyone ordering downstairs.\n\nI've been three times, the quality of the burger is sometimes a gamble, and my burger has been messed up on two occasions. Fries are always excellent, however.
I had an hr massage here couple months ago.\nMy favorite massage go to in the city!\nCheap... clean... and no wait!\nI'm a fan and will be back!\n- Miss Yelp 2014
Fish fry my ass.... More like fish sticks. Maybe me East Coast Irish Catholic butt is spoiled from the beer battered monster fish frys I grew up with, but this one was LAME!!!
the staff was awesome and the groomer that helped with my dog was outstanding!
No help at all. Does not listen. Kept waving a wooden model of a foot at me. Told me I have arthritis when, in fact, I have a severely torn tendon in my foot. For this I had to pay?  Found out other DPM's are getting patients from Burns with the same complaints.
3.5 stars.\n\nDinner portions are enormous and taste is slightly above average.  I had the chicken parm that took up the entire plate.  Ordered calamari that was pretty bad but the excellent dipping sauce made up for it.  Drinks are awesome!
Happening club. Great place to see and be seen.
It's ok. Nothing special.
Fast & Friendly, not fancy ;however , great clean eats after the gym. Brown rice & All White Meat Chicken!
Always a good steak for a good price. Apps and desserts also good
For the price you pay these are some of the most saddest donuts you've ever seen, isn't it. I won't go back to Dunkin Donuts any more- competitors here I come. Even the cashier doesn't even know exactly what the cost of things are very uninformed and not properly trained.
This Target is straight up frightening. Not much else to say. Have been coming here for years, and will still continue to go there. When I have to.
Maybe they are just working out the kinks. The food really was kind of pedestrian. They screwed up part of the order and brought a burrito an not a bowl. Took almost 15 minutes to get the bowl. The food was kind of bland and the chips were marginal.
As I am writing this review I have yet to see my food. We have been given complimentary chips & salsa. However, I have seen 2 other tables get their food before me. This is terrible service...please beware of this chili's as you will wait for food for it to be warm.
The owner is a condescending unpleasant person who belittles his customers. The food has been on a steady decline for a number of years and is getting worse by the day.  stay far away from this money pit! unless you want to waste money on bad food and a horrible experience.
My go to for groceries! really great prices especially if you compare to Whole Foods down the road near GVR. Wine prices are really good. I try to stop in weekly.
Overrated.  Got the breakfast Sammie,   with the \"gourmet\" bun, turned out to be a regular burger bun.  Egg wasn't seasoned, there was nothing unique about the food.  Plus 7.00 for the Sammie - horrible.
Awesome pizza!!  So glad we finally got a great local pizza restaurant nearby. The service is great, fresh ingredients and any pizza place that cooks their onions, peppers & mushrooms before putting them on the pizza (an extra touch I SO appreciate for flavor and no soggy pizza) is a great pizza place!!
The breakfast an the service is amazing! I have the tiramisu pancakes, which was one of the special.  I did wish there was a little more of the tiramisu cream in the middle, but I just didn't ask for more.  This place is a little hidden gem! I would definitely come back!
Fast, friendly staff with lots of TVs to see the game. Food was really good for bar food. We had the pretzels and wings - both of which I was surprised by the quality.
Not a Bank of America fan, but this was somewhat nice. It was just convenient and better than the other one on Blue Diamond.
Good stuff! Happy they have a lite version now... The regular ones have soooo much sugar
This place isn't all that but there food is OK.  There are better Chinese options for the price (try Chinese Cultural Center restaurants).  The restaurant itself is well furnished and clean but I can't get over the fact that people rave about this place.
This store is closed as of 2/10.  Another one bites the dust!!! Damn this economy thing....
Wow!  Great authentic Szechuan food in Arizona.   The water oiled fish with peppercorn was truly numbing.   Cumin beef was delicious.   Highly recommend!
This CVS location is now open for business. It's a newly constructed building, clean and bright. There is plenty of parking, but given the intersection/SEC of 7th Street and Indian School Road, expect plenty of traffic when entering or exiting the parking lot.  It's just the nature of being in this busy area.
Average bar food, but a lot of drink options including full bar and a ton of beers on tap.  Good place to watch sports too.
The crop cirle wheat and the Noctoberfest are OK.  Most of the special beers are nothing special.  I just wish they would make a bit more effort with their beers.  Food is good and reasonably prices
Had a friendly greeting and fantastic service! Loved the ambiance of the restaurant and of course the food. We were recommended a tropical zombie drinks-it felt like vacation in a cup. Glad we have a Red Robin close to home!!
Fan of M&M's?  If that's the case you have found your Heaven!  \n\nThey have anything and everything you could ever think of related to the M&M brand.\n\nWorth a stop in just to check it out!
I had the chicken sandwich here yesterday and right now I'm in bed riding out a terrible case of food poisoning. Worse I ever had. Haven't eaten anywhere else since (other than tiny salad at home to keep me going) so I know this is 100% from here. On another note, the chicken itself was too dry.
Stack is a great time, the atmosphere is fun and the fun is always on point. The lounge area is a cool spot to have a drink at before you go out and not a bad spot to check a game out at the bar.
Ordered the fried saimen it was dry and tasteless.  It was for takeout and i did not get a fork or napkins or salt or soy sauce or anything to add flavor. Rude counterproductive staff. I will never go back. Wish Alaho Specialties stayed open 1 hour later!!!
Everything is kind of sub-par, except the pizza which might be good enough to be average. Eh.
Repaired a brake line my Chevy S-10.  Four years later, I find that the repair could not pass safety inspection in another state.  I'd call it shoddy sub-standard work.
Staff was very courteous, we were there for a private Super Bowl party. It was all catered and very nice although the game sucked ;)
This little sandwich shop has a great selection of subs including some modern tastes.  I got a California something, it was turkey with avocado and some other vegetables.  The portion was huge.  It was fresh and delicious and the price was definitely a steal for the amount of food.
It is ok.  My folks love it, I think it is ok in a pinch.  This morning I had the corned beef has with eggs over easy.  Eggs were over something and the has was tired and dry.  Like I said, ok in a pinch but not my favorite spot.
Not happy here. Pipes make noise. Management messed up our bill two months in a row. Only gives a days notice for things like no water.
I came here a while ago for a birthday and this restaurant is beautiful. the food was pretty good and the decor is amazing. Can't wait to come back
If you like to bake, eat healthy, etc, their bulk area is amazing!!! I didn't really notice it when I went the first time after they opened. I stick to a few areas such as the veggies, fruits and bulk area like whole wheat bread flour, flax seeds, etc!!!
Below average Starbucks service here.  Some of the younger kids working here don't seem to understand service.  Desserts are sometimes stale/hard.  The line moves very, very slowly here and you just don't see the usual sense of urgency in the workers when it's like this.
We selected Retro a Bakery for our daughters's destination wedding the wedding cake looked exactly the the photo we sent and tasted amazing. The best frosting I have ever had!   Great customer service, priced well.
Bouncers were power trippin dicks.  Place was way over crowded. Left soon after because it was becoming too unbearable with the gf... Eff this place
Heh...as we walked through the lobby, casino, and wandered around the hotel...my husband summed it up best - \"Golden Girls on vaycay\".\n\nNot bad...just clearly dated (even with their most recent multi-million dollar renovation).
fantastic staff, gorgeous resort, 2 amazing pools and lots of great free stuff like wine hour everyday. i was very impressed at this stay!!
We had a great experience tonight during our first trip to Grandpa's.  Not only was each course prepared to perfection and flavor-packed, but the atmosphere was exactly the \"upscale pizzeria\" vibe that we were hoping for.  They had interesting beer on tap and very personable staff; we will definitely be back soon!
Awful poor excuse for a gyro. Food is always soggy. Meat is pure horsec*ck. Very unfriendly staff, but what do you expect from Greek f@ggots. Will never order from here again, total trash.
I did not like this show at all.  Maybe it is all the overweight people practically naked walking around the stage.  But I didn't like the sex aspect and all of the adult like themes.  It was boring and a turnoff to me.
Went here for breakfast and the selection and food was good.
First time ordering from here and was not satisfied with the food.  The take out containers were not marked with contents and the moo shu pork smelled like seafood as well as  the pan fried noodles were overcooked (nice way of saying burnt)  Will not order from here again
Waited more than an hour for our food.  Food doesn't taste the same, corn muffin was dry, chicken taste awful,  frys fried chicken taste better. Will not be coming back!
Not like red meat, so I asked the vegetarian option. The sandwich surprised me. It is very good, very tasty, very well done. The chips are also a delight. Worth the wait in line to order and play the few offered chairs.
They are open 24hours that's about all they have going for them. The prices are outrageous and they nickel and dime you for everything.  To use the credit card there is a 75cents charge. A half of pint of Malibu Rum was 17.99!!! Outrageous!
I had a chance today to be a part of the Vegas Soup project. I have to say this was a great event and is growing and is bringing a community together to help each other. I  am looking forward to the next event.
Food was very good. Much more traditional than typical chinese take out places. Some very interesting menu options.  Big portions.
They were contacted through my roadside program.  Showed up in the quoted timeframe, quick with the paperwork, loaded up fast and were on the way to the dealership.  The driver, Steve, was very friendly and helpful.
Glad to see a small brewery open up in Scottsdale.  Food is great, beers are good if you like hoppy, the brewer seems to have a very heavy hop hand.  A couple taps dedicated to other local brews.  Very friendly staff.  Really glad to see this place open.
I have to say Mark came through for me.Mark save me over 1000.00 dollars with my stereo in my Toyota Tundra. I recommend Sounds Good To Me to anyone.
I really like this place. It is clean and very nice inside. The buffet here can't be beat!! It is such a good deal and the food is outstanding. I have never stayed here overnight but I plan to soon!
Overpriced beer and food,  Main Street Station,  pale ale is just as good as this place, the place was dead when I was there.\nAnd whoever wrote that this is in a bad neighborhood doesn't know what a bad neighborhood looks like. \nPussy. ..
Nice atmosphere and staff. Beautiful decor!!
LAMP is great restaurant all around.  The food is awesome, the atmosphere is lively and the wine is fantastic.  The pizza is some of the best pizza we have had.  It is very comparable to the pizza we get while visiting family in Italy.
The trail was awesome!  Great rock climbing!  Friendly people!  Great view!  The parking was awful!  We took a shuttle from a local church!
Wow, out of nowhere in a strip mall is this amazing Thai restaurant. The shrimp Tom yum soup was amazing. seriously amazing. The Tofu Pad thai was delicious too. the place was nice but not authentic feeling at all. I think they were trying to be different than every other Thai place by not making it a super Thai decorated restaurant.
Decent food for a Vegas restaurant.. However when I was there the service was pretty poor.
This place is a neat, small and fun restaurant. Very good staff that are very accommodating. Best of all the food is amazing, fresh and fast. On a nice warm day enjoying lunch on the patio at this place is such a nice relaxing time in the middle of central phoenix.
Amazing service.
Been a Trader Joes fan since the 80s!   This location is fan flipping tastic.\nMainly because everyone who works here are super cool ...and will bend over backwards to answer your questions... or walk you to where your object of desire happens to be.   LOVE shopping here!
well worth a visit if you've never been.  if you have half as good a time as i did, you'll walk away pleased.
Not bad pizza.... Service is below par
good bagels, good service, great location, coffee average, wait - not long\n\ngood place if you're craving for a bagel or bagel sandwich
This place is excellent price wise and has a decent variety. My only complaint is the setup of the seating...check it out...\n\nABRA...
Great place to grab something to eat,  not to mention a great hotel.  Great casino to hit after eating aswell.  The food is good quality with a fair price, very food breakfast fare, along with a very nice view at night.  I would come back again.  3.8 stars
The food was good, but the salad was drenched in dressing, that didn't really taste \"clean\". The portions were small and the prices were high. The food was ready in record time and the atmosphere was interesting. Overall I probably will not be going back.
I saw the reviews on yelp, and decided to try. One of the best veggie burgers and chocolate pan cakes on this planet. If you are in Vegas, definitely worth a stop. Plenty options for vegetarian and kid-friendly. Good customer service. I can't wait to be back.
Good NY style pizza.  A great value at the Cosmo, open late I think til 3 or 4 am.  Line gets long later in the night or early in the morn I should say.  Not amazing pizza but really good especially after hours of drinking.  Cheap drinks and wine as well.
I love this place I love their specials and of course the pizza I prefer their sausage and pepperoni pizza and It was delicious and I love their wings and fries!!!!!!!! Will come back again thank you guys you are amazing!
Perfect neighborhood coffee shop! The red eye coffee that I bought was made to perfection! What really topped the experience was the customer service. The barista's were so friendly and helpful without being overbearing. Five stars!!!
So I need to change my review.  Cliff is a good barber, but I've recently discovered he is a bigot.  He was talking VERY poorly about gays and lesbians with another customer while I was there.  I cannot and will not give my money to anyone who I know to be a bigot.
Upstairs beer garden. Service was slow, couldn't even fill water glass. Large convention in town, need better management on staffing.
Hands down my Favorite Thai place.The very thought of Yellow Curry Chicken and Chicken Saute w/ Peanut sauce is making my mouth water....... Few places actually cook a potato completely, this place is one of these. My girl enjoys their vegetarian selections.
Got a quick bite while in town visiting friends, nice \"IKEA style\" interior I like, food is well made and fresh, LOVE the hand made dumpling!! Will come back again!~~
To busy here to stop here\nThis place is always busy, but the staff sucks, Ihave to send my food back two times, and it still was not right.
Potsitckers would have been great if some werent hard/burned. Great service. Kung pao was sup par, lacked spice and was kind of rubbery. Probably wont be returning,  although I had high hopes for this little joint!
Nice bar all bottle beers, pool tables and excellent prices. The free popcorn is so good and a must have are the honey chicken sliders 100 times better then white castle.
A step above The Street in Mesa but not as good as Bomb Boba and other places in West Phoenix. Still pretty good though and they have a lot of flavors and varieties of Boba.\n\nAlways get the Honeydew Slush~
I want to like this place but the service has always held me back. To be fair, the food has always been very good. I like the menu and the variety. But for some reason, I have yet to have anything better than almost average service. There is a lot room for improvement when it comes to accurate, friendly, and prompt service.
The customer service its good, but, they burn the ends of my hair after i spend 250, now i have to spend more  money on repairing my hair.
They came and couldn't find anything wrong. Charged over 100 dollars. Machine wouldn't work the next day and off and on since then.  They won't return my calls.
good reasonably priced sushi place on the strip.  outdoor seating.
We got here at 7. It is now 8:54. We still have no food. Apparently this place cannot handle big groups. Also they told some of us the chicken pot pie was available. And then they came back and said it was not. Hopes and dreams crushed.
I got the Sicilian sandwich, it tasted alright. I wasn't jumping up and down at the cost, subway is still cheaper. Food was made fast, the outside seating was cute.
LOVE THIS PLACE! It's really fun and laid back, and is excellent for live music. If you can catch the Think Horses or the Sugar Thieves playing, all the better!
love the wings and deep dish supreme
Kids are welcome back. The steaks are still great. The bread is the best around. The service is still slow, but it's still a good meal.
Chef Sammy D !!!! Great place , it's our hangout . Stop by on Sundays!!!!!!Champagne
Best AYCE Sushi in town. Try their berry parfait for dessert!
Reminds me of Vietnamese sugarcane and drinks/desserts found back home in San Jose (that's a good thing!). They took a while for our drinks to come out though, so minus a star for speed considering there wasn't a line or anything.
Meh. Really was nothing more than a place to sleep in. I'm not going to complain too much, but lets be honest: what the hell are you expecting for $35 a night?
Love this place! Always friendly, great customer service, clean, thorough work, good prices, excellent pedicure and gel nails. Best and longest foot massage. I have been going for about 10 months every few weeks. I will keep returning as they always take care of me :)
Perhaps they have the best Pho in Montreal. The broth is absolutely delicious.\n\nThe spring rolls are very tasty and fresh as well. \n\nDon't forget to have cash on you.
Ohmygoodness...the Pistachio Frozen Yogurt is like crack cocaine...I get the shakes for it.
Dutch Bros always gets 5 stars! This location is awesome, just like all of the others I have been to!
Great food and drinks!
This place is seriously amazing! Great food, and they give military discount! You may miss it  because it so tucked in easy to ober look, but seek it out!!!! It's amazing.
Do you like Mortons or Sullivans? If yes, you are gonna love Donovans. I first ate at their La Jolla CA location. Fell in love with the food, ambience, and exceptional bar scene. I can cook a steak... just not as well as Donovans!
Good food, but does not have very many options. Wings and Nachos for the family today. Good but not very fulfilling. Still recommend for a bar type atmosphere before catching a game in Westgate.
The Rack is my favorite place to shop.  This Arrowhead store is great, because it is better organized than other Rack locations.  It is easy to figure out where things are located and sizes almost always in the correct location.  Highly recommend
This place is getting a star only because I have to give it one.  I think the only selling point is girls in short skirts and low tops.  This didn't work out for me because I came here to eat.
We found our home with the help of Dave Pries with the Aladin Group and I would highly recommend his services! He was very prompt, knowledgeable and took the time with us as first time home buyers. Dave made the experience enjoyable :)
Exactly what you expect from Chick Fil A.  Consistent food, and great service and a clean restaurant.  Definitely the best of the fast food chains and this one is definitely good.  Only drawback is that is usually very busy, but that is a testament to the food and the experience.
This place was very disappointed . Where should I start . The bad service or the fishy seafood? Wouldn't go back .
Their Chicken Wonton Salad was ok.\n\nPricey but that's not too surprising being that we're in an airport.\n\nPlenty of seating inside and outside.
I had the pleasure of dining here with a friend who is Thai and she was not so impressed. Many dishes were prepared on the sweet side to appeal to \"American tastes\" she said.\n\nUseless trivia: the name of the restaurant refers to special, golden dishes or bowls that symbolize women having power.
Sadly this one keeps on disapointing me. I will say their brunches are OK, but the lunch/dinner menu is an absolute no go. Akward combinations, decieving executions and overpriced all the way. Which is too bad, since the decor is lovely and the staff is always very kind.
There was nothing that I ate that wasn't awesome. Donny and Jose provided awesome service. Worth every dollar!
Dakota Chase is the cutest salon ever.  Everyone is always super friendly and Scotty is amazing.  Ask for him and tell them Amy sent you. :)
Just went for dinner at about 5:00pm on a Tuesday night. We had to wait quite some time for our drinks and when we finally ordered, we received both of our entrees without the customizations we asked for. One plate had cold french fries, to make matters worse. Will not be back.
Their quesadilla burger gave me food poisoning. 'Nuff said.
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte. I love the Mexican barbecue (used to be called barbacoa). The pork is so flavorful! The chips and salsa are very good. I also love the mango margarita.
nice, clean.. good size tub in the room. Prices are decent.. especially with promo.. and a good quiet place for my bday on march 25 weekend :)
The salsa is excellent.  The rest was mediocre to poor.  I would not return.
Food very bland ordered the tacos\nChicken was very bland cold and rubbery texture\nCilantro was dried out and was not fresh at all and way way to much was put on food
Very Exspensive Butcher and the staff are VERY Rude.\nI Will not Shop here again.
I've given this location a try twice. They screwed up both orders, once giving us a happy meal with an empty box where the nuggets should have been.\n\nSkip it.
I hosted a networking lunch here yesterday and was very pleased with the level of service. The Staff was clearing plates and working the crowd with ease. Looks like a great evening hangout with Karaoke and every game is on. Check them out for Sunday football or enjoy live music with a cover band.
Very reasonable prices coupled with extremely thorough and professional service. My go-to barber shop.
The theaters are all very nice and still looking brand new. The snack bar has a wide variety of snacks for the little ones. My oldest ordered corn dog bites! The cashier at the snack bar even had it delivered to our theater since they took a while to prepare.
It is sooooo cold in the dining room... its cold enough outside... for crying out lout turn up the heat!!!!
They think that they are all that and a bag of grits.  Maybe instant watered down grits.
The valley isn't known for its \"mom and pop restaurants\" or \"Dives\" as I affectionately call them but this place was spot on a great place to eat. I'm looking forward to trying their breakfast items.
This place has gone to shits !! The food sucks and the service is horrible ! It used to be good but now it's the worse.. Don't go coz the food is not good n dry n disgusting.. Sorry to say
I went, I kindly asked for orange juice (a non menu item), I offered to pay more. They made it without any fuss. I'm happy! Thank you, thus the review A-OK.
Our office gets Bobby Q's catering for meetings, and everyone loves it. The barbecue is great. My favorite is their yummy macaroni and cheese.
Needed a smog ASAP & found the coupon online. Best price using the coupon ($10 instead of $25)! Didn't take long at all.
Soooo yummy!!!! Very filling tacos! Must try the potato and egg breakfast ones, they're wonderful. The empanadas are our #1 favorites so far!
One word, OVERATED!  Food was just ok, nothing special.  Atmosphere was over the top and trying too hard.
Meat looked good but the two people working waited on one couple while I sat waiting. They never even acknowledged me. What a bad first impression !
Our move to Vegas has been wonderful due to the professionalism of this moving company. They will deliver our household goods this next week and I hope I still can say great things!
I came here for breakfast on a Sunday. We waited under 5 minutes for a table for 4. The service was great, and the food was really great. There were lots of different options for people's tastes, and the presentations were very palatable.
Come for the beer, not for the food.
Rental car shuttle system is not fast...plan on spending an hour from the time you return your car to your arrival at your terminal...that's before you even get into the security lines.
Stopped in here just for the 5.00 Nathans hot dog, draw and chips. They have a condiment bar with about 30 toppings for the dogs. \n\nThe place itself it fairly nice, kind of a old school pub feel (lots of carved wood and nice couch/lounge areas.
Guy at the bar was rude and told my to leave with a protien shake I brought in and had been drinking the whole time. Told me to leave amd get my shake out of there. Not hey can you finish that and throw it away. I was just wanting to watch the game while on my hour lunch from work.
Coffee was good here - I had the Black & Tan.  Smoothies are rich too.  New feel to this place, clean, modern, but not many seats inside.  Parking is good.
Service was HORRIBLE. After I finished my meal, I literally sat there for 30 minutes watching the whole wait staff, as well as what appeared to be the manager, obsess over a baby. Total waste of my time and money.
I'm not a poker player so this review is just about the look and feel of the Aria.  Boring.  It hardly feels like Vegas, more like a beige Californian suburb.  The slot machines also tend to block the view of the room.
The staff is always friendly and chipper in the morning.  Bagel and Iced Tea always done to perfection.  Wish it had longer hours.
Good Q and great sides but the portions are really small for the price.  $9 for a pulled pork sandwich that was only about 4 bites. I got a 3 meat combo that should have filled me but had to ask for more cornbread to get full.
Very good pizza and service, impressed so i went back the next weekend and ordered 3 more pizzas. Friends liked them too. Favorite so far is the delux and then the pepperoni
Great burgers and waffle fries. I tried a grilled chicken sandwich with American cheese and sweet potato fries, today, and it was just as great!
Alright for an auto parts store. They don't carry anything on hand for hybrids so pretty much everything for my car has to be ordered. Luckily, things are delivered the next day. The staff is helpful, the store is ok . . . not run down or anything but the manuals they have on the floor are missing pages.
My wife and I visited this restaurant this past weekend while in town for a short vacation and the food absolutely blew us away.  It was one of the best meals we've ever had.  Great presentation, the atmosphere was great, and the waiter was very helpful.  We would highly recommend trying this place out.
Not as good as I expected, but they do give you pretty large portions.
This place is pretty ghetto. I only come here because it's walking distance from my house. It's not necessarily run down, but it doesn't look like keeping the place up is necessarily a priority here either.
Had dinner there tonight. The food was fine. Not particularly distinguished but not bad either. Unfortunately, the service was brutally slow.  It really should not take an hour for food.  Meal was over two hours; no desert.  Sorry but wouldn't go back to find out if this was an aberration. The other reviews suggest its not.
saw a fly dancing on my sandwich when waiting for my order, they don't bother to pay attention anyway since there are quite a lot customers , awful awful place even though i have very good experience with other panera bread
Decent selection of clothing, it's hard to judge consignment / thrift stores because the clothes usually symbolizes the community but they do a pretty good job with the selection. Open space, good atmosphere. Prices were about the same compared to crossroads in LA.
As a tourist from Germany, I got a serious bronchitis while in Las Vegas. Was treated in less than one hour as a walk in. Excellent service. Came here because of the good reviews. Can only agree with the previous posts! I don't hope I have to visit again, but if I have to I will definitely go here!
My go to grocery store. Good quality produce and decent deals. Had a couple bad experiences but usually has to do with the customers (a guy cut me in line in the self check out line) and some weird check out bugs but it happens...So it is busy but still a go to in my book.
Spa day with the girls. Treatments were shorter than advertised and underwhelming.  It is a beautiful facility, but unfortunately will not return.
Slow service by an incompetent MANAGER , who has NO customer service skills What so ever ! They should rethink WHO they want representing the BAD EGG      The Manager , along with staff should take a look at the service standards and retrain themselves .
Been there once. The Q was ok but nothing to rave about.
We had drinks and I'm so happy we did. You have to try this place for yourself to understand its grandeur.
Terrible food. Were the steak tacos supposed to be purely made of steak fat? To top it off, got charged for a beer that I took two sips of and sent back. Will not be going back.
Food was ok, what you expect from a bar/grill. Was fairly priced and overall clean.\nWe tried their new apple chimis, which were pretty much amazing. We would go back for another round of these and desserts.
Delicious, fresh pasta and a complementary glass of amaretto to finish the meal. Perfect evening with great service, we will be back!
Love this place.... Great energy, tasty food, love goes into every cocktail and it's worth the wait. The staff is always on point and happy to give amazing service.
The drinks here are over priced and this bar gets soooo crowded in a way that is unpleasant and not fun.  I just dont like this place.  Everyone there is nice, but this place is just kind of boring.
Good breakfast.  But, probably will not return.
One of my faves in Vegas.  My room was clean, and the view was amazing.  Check in was a breeze and I was able to upgrade at the desk.  Great location, amenities, and service.
I am very picky. I tell her how I want my hairs extension to be install because I have very fine thin hairs:( and she produce an amazing result so here I am all the way from Los Angles CA just to get my hairs done right:) thank u Nat!! For making me Beautiful :) :) :)
this mall is a bit older not a large selection . maybe take my teenage daughter here because its pretty cheap. Not a place for me though
I had never been here before, a fact which greatly amused our bartender. I was not disappointed in our experience at all- good drink prices, great bar staff (seriously) and a really good reuben were all we needed to have a nice time.
Quite entertaining...at least I can say I've been!  Mainly went there ONLY because it's very near to the Trump Hotel where we were staying.  Had some time to kill, and it was close, and Hubby thought I wouldn't dare do it.  So there you go...:)
Whats the difference between Abode Air and Bernard Madoff ?\n\nNONE, they are both scammers.
Great spot. Bad service and cold food even after asking if they could please reheat 3 of the 4 meals that were served to our party of 4.  As we were walking out I thought the management would appreciate discussing my concern but the management apparently wasn't concerned enough to visit with me.  When you pay for quality service and food you should get it.
great price and the course was well maintained.  the pace was good and didn't take the whole day to finish the course.  would go back.
Oh my!! This place is wonderful! Had breakfast there and the chicken fried steak with sausage gravy is just like what Granny made back in the olden days.  After I woke up from my carb induced coma- I realized they had football on the big screens!!
First off...try the meatloaf and soft pretzel sticks..sooo good lol....I've been here quiet a few times and its been a pretty good experience...drinks are a little pricey when comparing to a place like Native New Yorker but its still a good place to hang with friends
Cheesy and touristy, but a must visit at least once for first time Vegas visitors!
Yum! Quiche is fantastic! The hollandaise sauce like butter!!!
I was squished against the bar until I couldn't breathe. And the guy wasn't kicked out. They are full of ratchets
Excellent hand crafted burgers.   Pretzel sticks were fantastic along with the beer mustard.   Homemade ketchup is a nice touch instead of the regular corn syrup type.  Arizona burger on pretzel bun with handcut bacon was awesome.    The Belgian wheat beer was very good.   Highly recommend.
It is spacious and lots of restaurant to choose from.
Troy is a rock star!  He is reliabile and inexpensive, knowing how to complete virtually any task.  I have used him several times on everything from routine maintenance to heavy-duty repairs.  Would strongly recommend calling him for whatever task or project you have in mind.
Enjoyed Curbside Cafe food truck today at an event. Sampled salad with grilled chicken, burger and hot dog, along with cake pops and cupcake. They were very accommodating and did the burger protein style.
I got the pizza and it's not good there is no way this just came out of the oven.  The crust is chewy and doughy .. Probably my last order here.  Disappointed
Perfect for the run of the mill gentrification experience of Central Ave. Pretentious.  But, great atmosphere (once you walk through the Macbook convention).
Amazing:\n-sweet & attentive service\n-music\n-atmosphere for no one there on a Sun night!\n- prosciutto pizza\n-italian meat slicer\n-white glass christmas tree\n-beet salad\n-overall experience
My folks love this place and I can't imagine why.  I had the chicken wrap and it could not hold a candle to the wraps at the Great Dane.\nThe fries are so overly seasoned they are almost impossible to eat without a huge glass of water.  Don't go there.
Horrible. Few choices and food tastes bad. Not your money worth and don't waste your time here. Service was terrible as well.
I love the food along with explanations of the different Echo 5 Sports Pub.
I can't believe they have the balls to call this \"New York pizza.\" Tastes like frozen crust and for the price you're better off buying a DiGiorno.
I do like the food here and it is a good price, but nothing really tastes that Korean to me.\n\nI have had the fusion flautas, the cheesesteak, and a fusion burrito.
Awesome location . Gabe is so helpful . I go to this location just cause I know he will take care of what is need and he is very friend .
Holy cow, the tiramisu cup rocked my world!  Luscious creamy topping with just the right amount of liqueur in the cake layer underneath. And the chocolate cup was yummy too, although I was getting too full by then. I'll be back for the same thing for sure - yum!
this place is mostly hype.its not like flay is in the kitchen.the food was good,i ordered halibut and it was cooked beautifully.the presentation was pretty and so were the colorful sauce.but the food wasn't that good because it lacked flavor.
We waited for almost 15 minutes before the bartender even acknowledged we were there. Then she said she would be with us shortly and then preceded to talk to other customers for an additional 10 minutes before we decided I leave without ordering anything.
The hot and sour soup was very warm and fresh. They say it is made daily from scratch. It is much better than the boil and dump dry soup I try to make from home. The vietnamese crab salad was not sour as described. The papaya is ripe and not green so the flavor is dulled.
The Best Breakfast and Lunch place in town.  Litle dinner but huge dishies..........    WOW!     Plus  Plus   Plus    Plus   Plus     No one will go away wanting to eat any time soon!
Good food and good prices, but wasn't the best Brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to.  The service was good, and the salad bar was exceptional.  I'll likely come back next time in Vegas.
Great salads!!!  Very big servings!  Amazing food...chicken and salads is all I have had but they are great!
SOME OF THE BEST HUMMUS EVER!\n\nNice products to vary Charlotte's simple taste palate of burgers more burgers and fries.\n\nGive them a try. 100 times better and at times cheaper than Walmart or Target.
Love, love, love the tiki room! The drinks are a bit pricey but definitely worth the moolah.
This place was excellent. We were a little nervous because it is in a truck stop but the food was absolutely delicious and the service was fast and friendly.
I love this place! My fam owns a crawfish joint back home so this gets the job done when I need my seafood boil fix! Can't go wrong w anything here on the menu.
Yeah.... Such a shame that my favorite chicken in the pot game is here. So fun. And the quarters over the edge game.\n\nThe employees look shabby and unhappy. Saw a father holding his toddler's hand and smoking a cigarette.
It's an El Pollo Loco, the service is usually slow around lunch time, but the food has been fresh and hot when it gets out. \n\nNothing has really stood out good or bad for this place, it's just a convenient semi-healthy place to get food every so often.
I want to know why my review was deleted Grabba Green. You get a negative review and have deleted? That is not really quite the point of a review site is it? Poor service deserves to be published.
Very nice!!!
Didn't think the food was anything special and they took forever to take the empty plates for the table. Managers were just standing around talking while they were under staffed I kinda felt bad for the waiters.
Wonderful! A place where all levels can take and dance because they love it and just want to.
It was just ok. They say it was voted best in Vegas, but I would really question that...
It must be as good as it gets - I've never been able to get in the place and after getting blind drunk at their wine bar twice while waiting I gave up trying.\n\nBeen to some of Signor Bianco's other places though - as they say in NYC, I'd go back ...
Love this place. Great food!  Closest thing to new orleans seafood.  I always bring my family here and they really love it!  Prefect for big parties.  Note: must try the category 5 daiquiri (more than one is at your own risk) lol! Enjoy!!!!!
Outstanding. Food was great and the service was outstanding too. I had chicken and my wife the spaghetti and meatballs. Both meals were outstanding. Would for sure eat here again. Little pricey but worth it.
Mike at Plumbing Medic was great to work with.  I had them do some work at my mother-in-laws homes.  They keep me informed as to what they were doing and how much it would cost.  They did a great job at a great price.
Bad food Bad service. Yuck!
I love this place I have ate here many many times. The nachos are great but everything is amazing. The service is great and the new bartender is super cool! 5 starts is and easy rating.
Eddie (manager?) was very nice, waived the suv fee and gave me a VIP card for future visits, on the back of the card are discounts.  The wash was done well & quickly.  Will definately be back!
Fresh. Hot. Fast. Drive-thru had GREAT customer service.\n\nI don't know what to say about the previous reviews. Perhaps this location had a management change for the better.
I'm not sure what is going on here but this is the slowest Starbucks I have ever been to. I am just talking about ordering my drink. The barista got my drink out as quick as possible
I seek out bagel places when I'm on vacation, so have a pretty good stock of them for comparison - this one didn't disappoint! Good selection, nice service, plenty of room - I'd definitely come back and try more flavors if I was in the area again.
Zipparitas!!! They limit you to 3 per person, enjoy. Love their happy hour.
I've played for over 6 years and in 3 different leagues, I can't say enough about WAKA! From parties to friends, trips to nights out on the fields, I've made the best of friends through WAKA and continue to play for all these reasons!
Best lunch place in town
This is just an OK dim sum place who's saving grace is that they serve dim sum all day/night with a limited selection during off peak hours. Go to Ping Pang Pong instead unless you're craving shu mai at 10 pm.
Walked in and was seen right away by Don for manicure and shellac polish. Everything was fantastic! Don was very professional and highly skilled at his \"art\". Plus loved his entire attitude and friendly demeanor! Would go back all the time if I lived here.
We go to basketball games here, NBA exhibition and Olympic practices. I'd give it five stars but the parking makes it hard to get out unless you park near the exit which makes for a long walk to the stadium.  Great hotdogs and friendly staff. ;)
Good service and yummy French food! I had the Gazpacho and the vegetable crepes and they were both delicious.
Service is a little weak, but you can't beat steak and eggs for only $3.99! My husband and I come here a lot and leave happy for what we paid for.
I was born in Vegas and I love this place!!One of the few places in town I can get a Guiness on tap!!! Also the bartenders friendly and accomidating. A must stop if your in the area!!!
It was okay...\n\nmore topping choices, but no better than In and Out Burger. Twice as expensive. The fries were unique but i didn't care for them too much. It was cold and loud inside. Meh whatever.
Sweet Baby Jesus... try the honey toast. Trust me, just try it.\n\nI'm having honey toast withdrawal symptoms already and it's only been a couple days.
I can't say enough good things. Local art, reasonably priced, in an airy and comfy setting...I enjoyed stopping by here, and will again when in the area.
Food was cold, shrimp not properly cooked through, workers seemed to be uninterested in service, I suppose you get what you pay for though!
Worse parking ever, the place is always way too crowded. overpriced for what you get and they need better live music.\n\nEveryone brags about their BBQ, well when I get it there it always tougher than shoe leather and they take forever to get a drink order.
About the only taco/burro joint right downtown.  Serviceable...oak...satisfied a craving
Real surprise. Nice informal place. Good staff. Good food. Fair prices. The winning dish was the Tuesday night special fried chicken. Burger was the runner up. \n\nWill be back for sure. Oh yea,street parking.\n\nNice find for casual dining.
The food and service are not good. We've tried 3 different times and it's just bad. It's unfortunate, it would be awesome to have good Mexican in the neighborhood but this isn't it.
Probably the best show I have ever seen live in Vegas. I will not spoil anything but what I will say is that it is definitely worth the price of admission. My wife even cried during the middle of the show. Pretty emotional, action packed, and exciting story telling. This is a must see!
For the price ($15), I just knew the pastrami would be delicious. WRONG!!! No flavor at all. The only compliment I can give is the fries were hot and good.
Just had lunch at the old Scottsdale location.  We had skinny margaritas, short rib tacos and the Serrano shrimp Salad.  The food was outstanding and the service was Very good.   Highly recommend This spot for lunch.\n\nWe will definitely come back!
The worst service ever, EVER! The food is delicious though, service is literally a joke.
Lets just say my coworker and I did not do good the rest of the day after eating here....
This place is okay. Servers are often complaining about how they work so hard and get minimum wage. Food is pretty good as long as they bring out the right food. Beer selection isnt that great. Great bar setup though.
This place is great! Food came out fast and Delicious.\nEveryone was so friendly. I will come back every time I visit Vegas :).
I was so excited to try this  Las Vegas landmark. I finally went and was disappointed beyond belief.  I'll make this short. The service was rushed, the food was bland and expensive. Totally not worth the price of admission. Let this place die, like the rest of \" old\" Vegas.
My computer crashed and they came ASAP! It's really hard to find a good company that I can trust with my personal information. I'm so happy I called! I will defiantly call again if I need any more help fixing my PC. \nThanks guys
Um yeah, I don't care how tall the condos are, or how many chain restaurants/stores they put here, it smells.  I was here on 9/16 and I couldn't believe the sewage smell was still there after all this time.  Get it together, Scottsdale.
Standard quality food, although slightly inflated over the PTs prices.  Not sure if that's because of the brass trim decor or because the servers wear leather vests instead of tank tops.\n\nAnyway, lunch was exactly what I expected.
Not the worlds nicest theater but it's clean and comfortable. The tickets are cheap if you go during the week and it's not crowded.
Great food.  Love the Pho with meatballs.
Staff is unprofessional behind the counter and there's never any hot and ready pizza ready at a place that claims this as their motto.
I come here almost every Sunday and buy their croissants, which are soft, buttery with a seductive hint of sweetness. My boyfriend loves their chocolate orange bread. The staff is friendly, quick and the price is reasonable. There are lots of French bakeries in town, but this one is surely one of the best.
Food is pretty good here! They haven't let me down yet! Love the fact that it's family owned!!
Went here last weekend with friends. Two of us became violently ill with food poisoning. Ordinarily, I would recommend the spring rolls and the pho, of course, but since my trip to the ER, I won't be back here again.
Out of 4 private sessions scheduled, Miranda was a no show twice and 20 minutes late another time. When I asked for a refund, it was refused. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
I love the pizza. It's not the greatest pizza I have ever had. It is, however, the best I have add thus far in Arizona in the 6 years I have lived here.
The food was ok (nothing great) but the service was terrible.  I would give the food 3.5 stars.
This is a nice little coffee shop near the western corner of Regent Gardens. My sister and I stopped in and had coffee and (I believe) a sweet lemon bread, both of which were good. The staff were friendly and chatty. The d\u00e9cor was also pleasant, with bright colors and some neat art hanging on the walls.
I went here tonight with my dad and it was cute! We had a pretzel for an appetizer and it was really good but little small. We both had the salmon and it was very good! Reasonably priced..The sandwiches looked awesome..I'd try it again :)
Only been here twice but must we've had nothing less than an awesome experience. Amazing food and great customer service...no complaints here, woild highly recommend to anyone. Also luv the decor, and their doggie treats are great too im guessing, our little 4 legged friend always enjoys them.
Maybe I had a bad night but my beer was lukewarm, they didn't charge me and the lobster fritters were ok but not worth $17.  What a shame for what looks like a great place.
Update... closed
I found it to be very mediocre and lacking in flavor which seems like an oxymoron for mexican food. I was riding by on my bike and was actually more intrigued by the $2 Modelo beer special and figured I would try the food, disappointing. Plenty of places in the area for cheap beer, just saying.
Awesome food at very reasonable prices! We ordered a panang curry and a pad thai vegetable. Portion sizes were also good!!
We went for a late lunch on Saturday.  This place is great.  Love the garden as you walk up to the door from the parking lot side.  Food is excellent.  The pizza was really good.  Fresh ingredients, freshly pulled mozz, fabulous.  And PBR draft for $2, what a screaming deal.  We will be back.
This place is sooooo good. Tacos are fantastic. I order them with everything on them, I think it's a few bucks extra but totally worth it. Pricing is decent, closer to a sit down restaurant pricing than fast food pricing.
Fish on top of nigiris are sliced so thin I can't taste the fish.  What they excel at are the endless selection of specialty rolls and you can order them in half size.  The appetizers and desserts are good. My search for the best AYCE sushi in Vegas continues.
Nice ambience. Cool place to hang out. I liked their selection of tapas but expensive.  The food was good. We went here for lunch and we're seated right a way. We also had an excellent waitress/server.
Empty tables. Told 15 minute wait. Ok. 5 minutes into wait (by the door, bumping elbows with counter patrons), 2 people at the counter complained they had been there 20 minutes. We left at that point
eh.....you gotta get money from ATM sometimes
Just like the other Zipps.  = Ok bar food. Ok service. Ok prices.\n\nLove the fries.\n\nNot really any good beers on tap or bottles.
My husband and I enjoyed the dance performance and the singing.  There were a lot of boobs and I'm glad to see 90% of them looks natural from small to medium size breasts.  It was a classy burlesque show worth seeing for the price we paid $80 for two people.
I liked the pastas and the dynamics of the restaurant.
What I liked about this place was that it was not as greasy as most Indian restaurants in the U.S.  Unfortunately, the flavors were somewhat bland.  Palak paneer was average.  Naan was ok.  Vegetable pakora was good.
So they've moved to a new location and become a restaurant/wine bar.  The old place had such a good ambiance, the new place however is pretty plain and boring. The food is still good but it's just not the same
I enjoyed their interior, food and taste. Nothing can go wrong with this place.
Went for lunch.  Our sandwiches were good, but the service was dreadful.  There was one poor waitress handling the whole joint.  Lotsa cougar wannabes in the crowd for late lunch on a Sunday.
Rude people and now they close the doors 30 minutes prior closing and if your there one minute passed your screwed. Because none of us have jobs or anything.
Best mango jalapeno margaritas in town! Love this place! :)
Great salads. Great apps. Our waiter talked like mushmouth, but we must have communicated somehow, because the service was otherwise great.
Great food bad service.  Gets really busy fast and not much parking.
Do not trust these people! They sold me an extended warranty on my TV and now claim that it was valid from the date of purchase. Why would I double cover a manufacturer's warranty? Shame on you for lying and stealing my money! After thousands in purchases from family and friends, we will no longer do business here!
no that great just pricey
I ate here on Friday the 17th of february and i was overall very impressed. I had the meat lasagna that was top notch and an antipasto appetizer i wish i could eat right this second. good staff and nice decor. Would eat at again.......
Average sushi place for above average prices. I suppose it's worth going to during reverse happy hour. Eh.
Best poker room in Vegas!
Seriously was meh at best! Don't  know how everyone makes such a fuss. It has no where to sit!!!
Arguably the most unique sandwich shop in Phoenix. The owner is super nice, and genuinely loves what she does. She is at the restaurant virtually every day helping customers and coming up with yummy new sandwiches for her customers to try out. Give them a try, you will not regret it at all!
Chicken was very dry and I had a hard time cutting the chicken even with a steak knife. Chips were nice and warm, salsa was just okay. Service was good I will give it 2 stars.
Hands down, best chai in Phoenix.
Bought a variety of 6 cupcakes to try for my son's upcoming birthday and he and I both agreed, the cupcakes and flavors in general were just OK, nothing spectacular or memorable. Ended up going with another cupcake place here in the valley.
meh
Hugely disappointing. Service was poor and management didn't seem to care. If your a steakhouse in encore you don't have to be good you will always apparently be busy. Waitress had too many tables at once. Much better dishing in Vegas for that price. Great sommelier though.
Every time I have been here the food seems old and dried out. Customer service is also a big problem! I went through the drive-thru and the guy barely said two words to me. Just took my money and threw my food at me.
Very great place for one of the best day of your life. Everything was perfect. Thanks for the people who work there, continue on this way!
I got the crab Mac and cheese and pierogies. Very good. I also like the atmosphere with the open garage door. Good place to go to with a few close friends for food and beers!
Really good lentil soup.  Great rice.  Lamb combo was ok but everything else was pretty good!
Called about getting my shirts pressed only, the girl on the phone was not helpful and hung up on me before I was finished. $3.95-$4.50 to just press my shirts? That's insane!! I'll def keep calling around.
Egyptian pyramid shaped hotel towards the end of the strip.  The outside appearance definitely outshines the interior.  Very dark rooms, kind of out dated compared to some of the luxury hotels on the strip. The one bedroom suites are the best for large groups.  The rates are usually on the lower end.  You can usually find good specials to stay here.
The store manager called the next day and acknowledged that there had been a miscommunication. She has followed through with resolving this situation to my satisfaction.
I had a good time there with my friends. The food was good and the service was great.  Really enjoyed myself.
This place is amazing. Friendly staff, fast food and a nice, small and cozy place to eat.\nFood is great. Love the different authentic toppings and the vast variety of hummus.\n\nGood baklava as well.
The service was mostly friendly but I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones.  Overall, I thought it was mediocre and I was expecting more for the prices.
We stumbled by this place. Desperately looking for pizza. We enjoyed the supreme. Mostly loved the service.
Got a wet chicken burrito, this means covered in sauce. Was okay. Free chips and salsa, salsa was watery. Sweet tea was yummy.
This venue is a step above every other venue in regards to customer safety, and sound. The precautions taken are necessary,  friendly,  and swift. Most shows are all ages, so liquor control is a priority. Tyler and Dennis are friendly and prompt. Ask them for the special.
I always enjoy my eating trips to Haji's. I had my favorite. the Gyro Plate, and I also had the lamb tongue, which was delicious!
Waited over an hour and a half for a calamari appetizer. Finally just had to cancel our food orders. Every time I go I absolutely love the view but am constantly reminded of the insanely slow food service. Very disappointing.
It was just ok. Not sure what people expect in az but it was nothing special. The pulled pork was too runny and spicy. The mac and cheese was from a box. Tell me their is better bbq in phoenix than this??????
Went on a Wednesday night after my brother played a concert at the smiths center. The place was extremely dark inside. The food was average, but the service was beyond slow. The place was empty & it took for ever. Maybe she had a bad night. I'm not sure I'll be back.
This one sucks! No selection and they are expensive! Not worth it, don't waste your time going here.
We had a sliding glass door come out of the frame and we found Precision Fit on Yelp.  They were able to come out on short notice to fix it and for a fair price.  I highly recommend Jason and him team.\n\nA Very Satisfied Customer.
If you wanna feel fulfilling at a reasonable price. This is the right place to go. The premium steak was juicy and huge! A must-go in Vegas. The only problem is it is too popular, need to wait for a while before you can get in.
Some of the best food you can buy for under $10 a plate.\n\nTry the kalbi ribs or local plate...my favorites.\n\nBeen here many many times, and will continue to keep it on the list : )
What a lame transition. Disappointed entirely with the decision to switch over to classic rock. Dave Pratt= asshole.
Would not eat here owner rude after checking in they would not accept the $10 off coupon offered by this yelp app. Service was not poor food way to over priced!!!!
Perhaps the worst buffet in Vegas. Skip it!
Airline clubs rarely reflect the local community. In most places it is the same potato chips, Bud Light and USA Today. This club gets bonus points for having healthier fancy chips, along with tasty salsa for dipping. Not super remarkable, but more than expected.
Very good food, cozy environment, and decent price.
I went for breakfast, and although the servers are perfectly friendly and helpful, the food was lukewarm, overpriced, and far from delicious. Honestly, if you're looking for diner food, you'll do much better at Dennys. I did.
This store is like a Whole Foods Market but with a mom and pop vibe.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Great place.
Awesome bar. Come on the weekend for two totally different atmospheres and good specials. They have life size beer pong, outdoor bar, volleyball, horseshoes, corn hole and basketball. Something for everyone! They also have jumbo outdoor air conditioners for hot days. Overall my favorite hangout.
Great food....great service. Steak special was outstanding and excellent for the price. The only disappointment was we expected to hear jazz or similar music to accompany the menu but there was a mariachi band!! Very odd.
Dirty, run down, and rude staff, not attracting the best patrons. Will make the drive for a better environment next time
Had the BBQ sandwich on Focaccia. Really good!
Been there several times and have really enjoyed their made to order salads and pizza. My husband loves it too. I love that the pizza comes out piping hot. Service is fast and very friendly and they have made some really good suggestions. Great thin crust pizzas.
There was a lot of food, but nothing was really great. Well the desserts were. It's overpriced and it took forever to get something to drink.
Used to be a fan.
Course in horrible shape. Hard fairways with patches of garbage grass everywhere, you name it. The only thing good about this place was the sand in the bunkers, was easy to swing thru, never going back here again, sticking to my home course at rhodes ranch.
Why do I always eat here? Food is just okay. Expensive and very slow service
Came back for another tattoo and saw Tanner again. Just some lettering on the ribs. Same great attitude, attention to detail and price. SO happy I have this place and artist. I'll definitely be back when I'm ready for my next ink.
Great food!\n\nWe had the pineapple rice, papaya salad, red curry chicken and stuffed chicken wings... all great.\n\n2nd best Thai that I have had in L.V.... Lotus of Siam is still the best!
Nice and bright, windows all around.......Good breakfast, with reasonable price.  Good food selection and fresh.   Wait staff is prompt and courteous.
Pretty good drive-thru car wash, nothing out of the ordinary.  However, I was able to purchase ultd washes for the month for only $10 which is awesome!!! :)
Been here twice for a sandwich and piece of cake.  Both were OK. \n\nService was a bit odd both times.\n\nNice patio atmosphere.  If their hours didn't suck it  would be a sweet place for coffee and a piece of cake in the morning.  Missed opportunity.
The fried rice cake in special sauce was quite yummy. The spicy pork ribs would have been great but they were so overcooked and dry. The beef intestine noodle soup had nice flavor but felt really grainy like \nIt was full of sand. Nice environment and cool booths.
Wasn't overly impressed in a town with this many mexican food joints it was pretty typical food wise.
Chicken and mozzarella Panini was delicious.  The price was about 3 times as much as I would have expected but none the less it was a good sandwich.  Not 100% sure I have convinced myself the money was worth it.
Custom burgers are delicious.\nLots of choices for meat and toppings.\n\nAlways a long wait so be prepared.
Love the watermelon juice.. good strong coffee.. amazing crepes. Nice and friendly service. Will be back. Nice to see local business thriving well!
I have a very easy system for grading arcades.  It's as follows:\n\nDo all four arrows work on their Dance Dance Revolution?\n\nNo?\n\nWell then you fail, Gameworks.  You fail hard.
Very good bagels and sandwiches!
Yep,  En has totally dropped down my list since they were sold a few months ago. Don't expect the same service or quality that you did.
I met the Brewers Joe, Todd, and Justin. These guys know what they're doing and rock the brewing game. I'd give them six stars but yelp holds me back at five. More than impressed. Nice work Sugar Creek Brewery.
I love coming here for lunch. The portions are a decent size and each lunch combination is around $5 that includes soup! The hot and sour soup is probably one of the best I've tasted in a while. You can dine in here as well, very clean and pleasant atmosphere.
The teppanyaki here is awesome! Everything was delicious, the service was fast & or chef was really great! Will definitely be going back.
We ordered a cator meal for everyone and the portions were very very small and not worth the money we paid for.  The manager refused to do anything extra and said it was fine but it was not.  They said it would feed 8 people but not enough for everyone.  Very misleading and no future catering will be done with them.
My second visit was even delightful. A Baklava treat which we couldn't resist. It was a lovely evening to be with my wife. How cute can a YumYum couples be? :)
Love the music they play! The food is fast and tasty. Good place if you want to chill and catch a game and enjoy some wings and a cold beer. They have AYCE chicken wings !!! Awesome. We just left and had a fun time the server helped us out a lot. Thanks we will be back!
I adore the rotisserie chicken.
I love this place.  This is my favorite restaurant in all of Charlotte.  The food is great, the service is exceptional and friendly, and the atmosphere is unpretentious.  I highly recommend Mert's.
Called on a Sunday Norm quickly responded that he can be onsite first thing Monday morning. Took care of the problem in 30 mins AC back up and running!! Great service  great price!!!
Super lame tourist trap! Don't waste your money.  I would do anything to get that hour of my life back!
Work nearby good service, very close by to me. The food is really greasy. Not a bad place to go to one a month every day I don't think so.
Confortable place to shop!
On second thought there were too many negatives and I never went back
They are the best cleaners I have had in the valley.
This place is now closed :-). Best thing that could've been done with it.  Going to opn in a couple of months under new management as the 61B caf\u00e9. I look forward to seeing what some new life does to this place!
Cute place, but the food was horrible!!  Steak was burnt!!  Who burns  a seak at a steak house?  The twice baked was harder than a rock!!   IF they had better food this place would be amazing! Hopefully they get it together .
Food is terrible. Simple as that. Service is decent though.
Not a bad place for a bloody Mary and some Sunday football. Didn't eat but my wife had nachos, they looked pretty good.
my husband and I sat for 30 minutes without being waited on while waitresses and waiters stood around talking to each other. This is the 3rd bad service experience. Will never go back
Sweetbreads! Grilled two different ways. Fantastic. I felt like I was back in BA sitting at the port area..\nWell worth the taxi ride.
Food and service were great.  The show was very entertaining for all ages.  Good family fun on the strip.
Steak was good but I waited too long. Waiter said that they usually take 20-25 minutes to cook it. My stomach was not so patient though.
Worse service in town.  Food is average at best.  Prepare to be ignored.
I went to Thorps today for a hair cut and had Steven, who during the course of my cut I found out to be one of the owners.  I found the experience to be excellent from beginning to end.  The customer service was top notch and the haircut was also excellent.  I will continue coming to Thorps and would recommend them to anyone.
The rooms are nice and comfortable.  The location is great.  The pool is nice but there is not enough shade by early afternoon.  Free coffee in the room is nice.  We have stayed here numerous times and is always a nice experience.
I like this place. Solid Greek menu with a nice cafe setting. Friendly staff and tasty tasty goodness, you should check it out for lunch or a decent dinner if you are in the area.  Definitely filling!
$5 for a large cajun crust pepperoni pizza? Yes please! \nWith Big Jimmy's you're gonna get the best bang for your buck!
The room was nice, HOWEVER, when we looked at the air intake filters.  I have never seen ones as bad as theses.  No where to post the photos I took.
Great coffee because it it peets.
Have eaten here a few times. Like the selection of toppings, employees in the location have always been amazing ... not sure why the bottom of my crust is always soggy.
Was craving an Old Fashioned donut and coffee so stopped in for a moment.  Cashier was very nice and the store was quite clean.  Donuts don't taste as good as I remember but they may be because I have a biased memory of them.  Coffee was great.
Pure heaven. Fabulous selection and friendly staff. Sadly I decided not to make a purchase, but the staff was still super friendly and engaging nonetheless.
Monkey Shines is a smaller bar located off of PD in Fitchburg.  They have two nice pool tables and offer a indoor smoking room for people that want to smoke.  Beer Selection is pretty good and the staff is usually great.  Great Place to stop by for a quick drink.
No sign of the awesome manager that was working before.  Now two weeks in a row the same drive through lady has screwed up my order.
Lee's sandwiches are lee's sandwiches iam just excited I don't have to drive all the way to China Town to get my Viet Sandwich fix...Yay!!!
Best vets office ever!  These folks love pets more than any other vets I have ever been to. Fancy place in a very convenient location. Highly recommend.
Lunchtime! Great little place for the deli type of food.
The food was excellent. Maybe a little too much butter, but its a once in a while meal... The food came out on their very hot plates and the wine was great. We had a group dinner for the company and they were very attentive to everyone. All in all it was great experience and I would eat there again.
VERY rude sales people--I will never buy one thing from them again!
Las Vegas Strip quality and presentation ...actually better! For local pricing. Great staff and make sure to try the grill!
Very nice place, the food is Unique and Ok, the only problem there is no selections on the beer, they are all draft to the taste of the owner according to the staff. hope stay open!!!!!!  Nice happy hour , the menu is just ok.
Love the food. Always had friendly service. Chicken tacos are my favorite here.
My room was in the old tower...my bad didn't t know that one sucks. Thin walls and a tube tv? Wasn't in room much thank goodness
Very friendly staff - we left full - the carne asada burrito was very good.  Nachos also very good.\nHad sopatillos and churros w/ ice cream for desert - kids and wife ate them all up.
Good place to go after your shopping in princess street.Has a good selection of food on the menu to chose from.Its not to pricey either.The staff were polite.
This place was good. Decent coffee. Kind of grumpy service, but maybe she was having a rough day. Really needs a sign that says \"cash only.\"
This place is freaking nutts! Super mega club. Went here for LDW 2010 and maybe thats why it was overly crowded, but I didnt mind because it was crowded with more chicks then guys...drinks are average prices. Music was very good, as well as the outdoor set up.
And empty club (determined by friend that was already there when we showed up), and empty line, and I need to buy bottle service to get in?  No thanks.  This place is awful.
Worst service ever. How hard is it to get silverware? By the time we finally received it, our food was cold. Our waitress had the personality and the speediness of of a rock, and the manager was made excuses for the poor service. Definitely will not be back.
The view of the Bellagio is excelent. The food is good. A good option for lunch. To have dinner I would prefer other places.
Great addition to the neighborhood.  Good food & coffee. I wish they had longer hours because I like to eat lunch at 3:30. Or a mid afternoon tea & pastry.
This is a good little place to get a cheap, greasy meal.  Art's is open for lunch and breakfast (they open really early and close around 2).  This place is small and can be crowded, and it is very informal.  I don't know much about the lunch foods, but the breakfast is pretty good.
Small Italian food joint. Amazing lasagna and garlic knots.  The salad was even out of this world.
I'm loving it!\nmake sure to add pineapples to the spicy pork tacos!\noh oh oh and don't forget the fries with meat!
So glad this place is nearby!!  Haven't tried everything yet but the fish tacos and fish burrito are delicious!!
No, I did not lose a bet I came here by choice.  My bad.\n\nI thought it would be mildly entertaining, but it was sad.  Loud, stupid music. Crap games. Full of ass-clowns and kiddo's.\n\nRun away! Run very far away!
This airport is pretty painless to get through. Security is pretty efficient and nice enough. There's def an odd mix of fancy and not so fancy people. Terminals have slots to get one last shot of winning it big. All in all, a decent experience.
Came in to kill sometime and look at some cars, found a beautiful car and a even better salesman. Thank you Donald Kaye, will definitely recommend and will come back in the future, A+++
I've eaten there several times.  I won't rave about it, but it's filling.
I probably won't be back here. The atmosphere sucked and it was too dark. \n\nThe bartender was nice and assertive, I just felt really bored at this bar and the place was pretty empty.
It has been awhile since I last ate here but I sense that there has been a change in ownership recently. The sushi chef that was there before (think his name was Yoshida) was not there on my last visit.  To me the food was not the same as before. Rice and quality of fish was not the same as before.
This place is loud but it's not a first date kind of place. The food is very good my fav (when they have it) is the beer can chicken. The burgers are very good also, can't go wrong here just understand it can get loud.
Great spot for outdoor business meal.  Limited vegetarian options.
The bouncer in charge at 1:30am was really discriminating on who will go in and who will be turned away. Horrible experience especially for POC.
very expensive for just pizza. i will say that just eating here did make me feel very ritzy (maybe i dont go to that many expensive spots) but other than that i dont think i'll be going again. wolfgang puck was blowing it on this one.
This is my favorite nail salon in Pittsburgh! The staff is super friendly and professional, and my pedicures always seem to last for a long time. Prices are unbeatable for the quality and service, too. I've been coming here for 4 years and have never had a less than stellar experience.
I still haven't eaten here. Its crazy I know but I sure enjoy the black velvets. Ill update this review when I've eaten here.
The burgers! The wine! What a great place. Also, if it's on the menu, try the edamame. They prepare it like I've never had edamame. It's a great appetizer before you get to the meat!
Thank you Julie for making our first experience here a great one.  You were professional,  knowledgeable and patient.  I'd recommend the store highly to new and experienced runners.
Cute store but so tiny plus they seem so overpriced for what they sell.  I enjoy the display but after going in Charming Charlie its hard to be willing to overpay for similar items and purses etc.
Boba here is awesome. I usually get taro or avocado smoothies and they make them with real fruit so the taste is delicious. Customer service is also great here and I can usually get in & out in about 5 min.
Cool place to try once but  not all that. The food is just ok, regular tostada toppings on top of fry bread with some sauce. Don't go in their with 5 star expectations or you'll likely be disappointed.  Positive - They have red cream soda
I bought myself replacement diamond stud earrings there. Loved the service ,price and knowledge I received. I shopped at several places but loved the friendly vib here so much I would always go back . Intimate, friendly and in no way intimidating. Lisa, her husband and assistant manager were awesome. This place is a gem.
Came for a quick bite to eat and a cocktail...20 minutes to acknowledge us after we were seated! !! Drinks and food are good but service is lacking! !!
No cover, live band, and plenty of room at the bar.  Yay me!
Love this place!  They always have great beers on tap & the lil pig sandwich is plenty of food for lunch or dinner. We take my Dad here when he comes in from KC and he likes the BBQ.
Use the coupon or else!\n Service was slow even in the low season of November ... I shutter to think how it would be in summer with the pool open and not half full of diners . \nI  have  had  better .
First time here and we are very impressed. I ordered the cheese and mushroom omelette. It came with kale and potatoes. Outstanding. My hubby ordered the chorizo and was in heaven. We grabbed some baked goods to go, for later when we get the munchies. I have high expectations for them.
Over priced casino bar. Would rather be on the strip and get original martinis and douchey atmosphere at these prices.
Not very cheap but without a doubt the best movie experience. We always go for longer movies so we get the most bang for our buck. Splurge for the big chairs: they recline, you get to order food from your seat, and free popcorn with a pillow and blanket.
Walked in to this quite Starbucks and stood at the counter for 5 minutes before either employee acknowledged me. Well NOT be going back to this location!
I would never ever ever go back here again the food was average and I understand it's Tapas but the Tapas was so small that a toddler would not of been satisfied...would never ever ever go back again!
Still waiting for them to cancel my account, have had to talk to about 4 different areas that each told me they could not do anything. I will continue to tell my friends and coworkers to avoid this vet.
Don't waste your money or time. Had worst experience here. My order was wrong twice after waiting almost a half hour for two tacos. Then when letting manager know, he gave me attitude. I don't pay to have someone insult my intelligence and doubt anyone else would. I suggest going to Taco Bell.
So not impressed. Out of numerous items. Grilled shrimp tacos were cold. Crispy shrimp app was pretty good. Won't be back
Food is always good.  Service is great and place is clean! I am a regular.
I started going to Los Olivos for car washes years ago bc they're a sponsor of the Mercury (the WNBA team), and I have been very impressed with their quality of service. Coletta is such a friendly face to see, and the fact she always recognizes me means a lot.
Clean store, good selection, decent prices, helpful staff.\n\nNot sure what else to say in a review of a Target lol.\n\nIt's a quiet store, but that means there are people around to help you find things.  Just expect a target, and you will not be surprised!
Really good food, very nice interior, great lunch specials, Service is ok. The best egg roll Ive ever had! (And I hate egg rolls)
Club is just OK.  Not very big, always cramped on the dance floor.  People are not as attractive as say XS.
not impressed. \nfood was lacking (cheese enchilada tasted like rubber and beans were over cooked) and service was mildly attentive. with so many great mexican food places here in arizona, i am glad that i dont have to be stuck with Serrano's.
Unfortunately China China Restaurant is no longer there. It's now China Buffet and I would NEVER come back here. The only thing edible was their cut oranges. So we basically paid $8.95 for a plate full of oranges. I'm fearfully of how my stomach is going to be tonight...
Its okay, I was not really sold on the whole idea that their pizza is similar to that of the quality of pizza from back east.  And I also don't know why they insist on giving ranch with every order.
**closed**
My and my wife enjoyed our stay, very luxurious atmosphere, especially when you want to feel like you have money :)
Great atmosphere with good food
I only get out here a few times a year and am always delighted at how good this place is. The Italian beef rules!
Not much needs to be said here. Ice Cream + Booze = Winning
came here for a quick lunch--located inside the planet hollywood mall.\nit has a hawaiian theme to it all...\nserver was nice, just took forever for our food to come out.\nfood was ok...just super slow service!
I absolutely abhor this place. The service is the worse I've ever seen. They have a niche clientele that maybe think the trashy waitresses and freedom fries are cool but I feel highly uncomfortable here and wish I never knew it existed and the food is chilies equivalent.
If you are a baseball fan and you are visiting Pheonix, this is a must.  Enjoy good food and watch baseball.  Great atmosphere, and most importantly good service.
Cafe Rio has THE BEST food, but this location has not gotten an order correct once. When ordering online, don't expect your food to be made until you get there. Make sure to check it or you will get home and find out your order is wrong!
Went based on the great reviews and was a bit disappointed. The play area is small and dirty feeling. This maybe because most things are old including the benches for parent seating and the toys. The cashier was rude also. Was on the phone while taking payment. Won't go again.
Always great food! Nice wine selection. We always sit at the Bar. Heather is amazing! Love this place!
The food was good, but the service was lacking. 5 tables of two people and three servers and did not check back once to see if I needed anything or if everything was okay, would have been nice to have gotten more water.
Average service, terrible terrible fat drenched food. Good for frustrated frat boys. Avoid.
Poor customer service. Waited at the counter for 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledge I was there. This place was run by young kids. I didn't see one responsible adult in there. Finally after 10 minutes I got my wrap then had to wait longer for my smoothie. This location definitely needs a lot of improvement before I will go again.
Very rude.  Not good people to work with.  Watch your back while dealing with them.
Awesome to do business with, really recommend for all auto needs..shawn and the crew great job well done on my tundra.will be going back there to do oil change rather than dealership..thanks again!!
Enjoyed the lattes and coffee. Stopped by this morning to find it's closed.
My fiance and I purchased a groupon deal for an hour of archery lessons.  I have never shot a bow and arrow before so I was excited and a bit nervous at the same time.  Zoey was an awesome instructor!!  I'm hooked and will definitely be coming back.
VERY underwhelming. Had a VERY dry and unappealing blue cheese burger for lunch. Fries were good though. Frozen hot chocolate was GREAT.
Quick service.. Decent food.. Ok price..
We were here for happy hour and enjoyed a few of their spring rolls. We very much enjoyed a couple of them! One or two were just okay. But, at the happy hour prices, we were able to eat a good number without breaking the bank! Cute location and nice atmosphere. Really liked the laid back feel!
So disappointed - What they sell is not gelato.  It is the consistency of a thin milkshake & lacked flavor.  Candy is nothing special, similar to what you find at giant eagle. Will not stop by again.
Not happy because we added a dessert to our order at 3:29 and they said \"kitchen closed\" (they close from 3:30-5)...we ordered $40 worth of food.  First and last time coming here.
Came and got the fudge; butter pecan, peanut butter cup, and my favorite the caramel vanilla. Good service, great fudge.
This place has only been open a week or so, and I really hope it's here for the long haul. Fresh ingredients and lots of them. Make your own pizza, pasta, or salad (think Chipotle or Subway). They were very nice and the pizza was very tasty. I will definitely be back here often.
Awful. Cold Mac n Cheese, undercooked green beans, over blackened catfish and brisket I had to put so much sauce on to make it taste good. In addition, the bartender didn't know how to make an old fashioned. C'mon...
Very good food and service. A great place to watch sports!
It's very spacious. Employees are great but always seem too busy. You might have to double check to make sure they heard you. Parking could be difficult depending on when you go since it's next to the movies. Overall a nice visit during a weekday.
Lots of selection and reasonable prices. They have a lot of the popular brands in a lot of different colors and sizes. If you prefer to buy your scrubs in person or you want to try on in the store to see if the sizing fits, this is a good scrub store to visit in the area.
The service was very good. The food was ok. It was nothing like the buffet at Wynn (the crab legs didn't look fresh at all). But overall a good dining experience.
BEST ice cream joint in town!  I love supporting small local businesses and this one comes with sugar on top!
They reimbursed us for the meals we were unable to finish. I still would never go back or recommend it to others. Unprofessional and bad service and food that did not knock my socks off.
Great place, excellent service, would recommend nail service by Rita!
Some of the staff is a bit grumpy (in a funny way), but the class and decency of the others balance it out. The service was the best, even opened our car doors for us as we left and the price $32 for oil change, filter change, vacuuming van and cleaning windows  amongst other things.
I liked the baked wings and the appetizers.  Good service for lunch.
Birthday. Gobblerito. It was so wrong yet so right. Like being with a woman you know you shouldn't be with but damn it you can spare the eventual heart break for the momentary bosom of her warm love. That, my friends, is the Gobblerito. Minus one star for awkwardly loud acoustics.
Love the beer menu-great descriptions and it changes. Food is always yummo, appears freshly made. Small place, fills up fast, we make a habit of stopping at \"off peak\" times. Sweet potato fries are a must try. There is a \"daily special\" post on Facebook about 5 pm.
We took our daughter here for a much needed haircut. They did a great job. Really nice spot. Clean and the staff was helpful and friendly. Great place for both my ladies.
Great place to grab a drink and some bar food.
Had the Chimichurri burger. Got a lot more bread than burger. Not worth the $12 price tag.
Unbelievable food consistently served by servers that are rude and arrogant.  The bar staff, in particular, is borderline abusive and give terrible service.  After several experiences over 18 months, and in spite of their great menu, I will avoid it all costs.
Good selection of equipment at scayles and seems really reasonably priced but the customer service is quite poor. I have been in twice with the intention of making a purchase but staff seem to be two busy talking to each other. Bought a lovely yamaha A1R acoutisic guitar from red dog instead.
Store was small and looked junky. Saw very nice cartoon cells but thought they were overpriced by at $300.00. Would not waste my time going there.
Do not use Smith Plumbing.  Left my house a complete mess after a sloppy repair.  They do not carry the most basic plumbing supplies on their trucks, had to make many trips to Home Depot.
This place is always good, friendly, and on point. Those things seem hard for other restaurants to do, so I love Lupies.
The best Mexican restaurant round, service has always been prompt and pleasant. For Jeff's edification the statue is of Grandfather and grandchild hence the Name Abuelos (Grand father).\nOne of our favorite restaurants, and great Location, right next to the Ballpark
We met up with some old chums for breakfast at this roadside cafe.  I opted for the chicken fried steak, eggs over easy and blueberry pancakes.  The food was better than average and the portion was adequate.  We also took home an apple pie with a crumb topping, fantastic!
Pirate show is great...\nWell, it's great if you have kids.\nNo, I don't have kids.
Planed on dinner there tonight, that wast utill I saw there sanitation score! 86% that is just horrible, and unacceptable  . There off my list utill that score comes way up
Went on a Sunday and we had to be seated for dinner, it's a car wash!  Service was terrible, food was cold.  Seriously, waitresses are not necessary folks!  They were terrible and that's not the vibe of a car wash...  Not worth the $50 tab.
This place has it all. I loved the gelato (coconut & strawberry). I am not sure how crowded is the shop in the weekend though. I would like to go there again to taste pizza and coffee and gelato again with my works to be done. :D
I have to argue with the deli counter workers every single time I want meat cut.  When did this become an issue? If cutting meat is not your job, what is?\nTired of this!
Just walked in & a couple followed, no one sat me, so I sat myself & waited for five minutes. Five minutes later nobody still came to wait on me. Another couple came in & were sat next to the table I sat, so I left; poor service.
Great place to go for a walk or bike ride.
This place is still going strong after all these years.  The decor is beautiful and the bar area is a fun place to hang out.  This last visit I just had a cup of coffee and an  OK butter or olive oil cake for dessert.
Excellent pedi over lunch.  A must try.
It was good food (superb bacon) but the atmosphere is a bit more hipster than I typically enjoy.  It seemed a little on the pricey side but it may be worth it depending on what you get.
Good sushi, great service, casual neighborhood atmosphere.  The people who come here come back again and again.  I thought the spicy rolls were pretty spicy on my visit, as well.  Just a heads-up.
Always packed but i dont really like their music selection and the way the stage and dance area is set up. slippery  and dirty. always drunk people standing on tables and spilling beer. everything is sticky
Great service and nice staff! The champagne was a nice touch too! Very fast service. The music was a little too clubby but it was entertaining.
Dr. Mark Woodland did such poor work on fillings in my families mouth that the next dentist we went to said we should file a lawsuit.\n\nNot only is his work 2nd rate but we are seriously considering filing a suit. \n\nThis man should not be practicing Dentistry.
1. Is it me or do the portions keep getting smaller as the prices get higher?\n\n2. There is plenty of seating but its always crowded.\n\n3. The food is okay but if I had to choose a place in Oakland to get soup, salad, or a sandwich it would be red oak cafe.
Information overload. Would take a least 3 days to read and understand everything. I skimmed through it. Very interesting, but would have preferred more artifacts. Also, there are some graphic photos. Not for children.
At Spiedini, Mark -our server- was a let down. After the main course we were completely ignored. When we split the bill down the middle the waiter added a gratuity without mentioning it anywhere on the bill. There were only 4 of us!
Love it here. Food was good. People where nice. Hamburger was great one of the best . I will be back.
First time getting a gel manicure. Showed them a picture of exactly what I wanted and didn't get that. Not even close. Too expensive. They did a horrible job. Never going back there again and recommend you save your time and money & don't go there either.
Got to have that sliced pork and the wonderful salad bar:-) love me some sonnys
Absolutely horrible experience. The service was better at Mc Donalds and the food was disgusting. Would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
I rented five rooms here for a bachelor party golf trip. It is a very nice hotel in a great location, within walking distance to many restaraunts, bars, and shops. It is clean and features modern furnishings, a recently remodeled lobby, and an incredibly friendly and attentive staff.
Thank you so much Tiffanie!  I love my hair and eyebrows!  Super friendly place.  I was in and out of here quickly and the prices here are quite reasonable. I'll definitely be returning!
Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 21/100\n\nUpdate: Lisa G. is now the main colorist over at the Aria Spa & Salon. It is literally right next to Vdara.  I followed her over to Aria and you should too!
Nice family owned diner atmosphere, friendly staff, and very good food.
Don't waste your time or money. If I wanted a cafeteria I'd get a school lunch. Golden coral better food and price.
this year the college looks really great and well done everything makes you feel happy\n\ni really like this one more than other colleges , \n\nand without the changes they made i would like it
You will not go wrong! You will get messy!!
As far as Chinese Buffets go, I was honestly surprised with how bad every single item here was. There wasn't a single saving grace dish, which is basically impossible for any restaurant. Highly highly do NOT recommend. Lotus Buffet is right down the street, much better food across the board, and less expensive.
Great family run store with everything you need.  If they don't have it, they will get it for you.  Fair prices and great service!!
I've been coming here for longer than I can remember. I have always brought my two Labs here. My two dogs can be a little rambunctious sometimes. The staff is always great. They always do a great job every time, no matter how crazy my dogs. They really take pride in their work and I highly recommend them.
Went with a friend for drinks, they close super early (830). Wha they began closing at 815 piling up tvs and electronics in the booth next to us. I won't be back.
I love rubios. Great flavor and food. But it took me 20 minutes to get my food. Shouldn't take that long. 5-10 is acceptable.
So so good!!! Neat atmosphere to just enjoy some ice cream/ Italian ice! Everything tastes perfect. Love that you can sample the flavors. Definitely a hang out spot to just cool off from the heat. Staff are friendly!
I wanted something different for brunch. I got the sausage in pita, it was very good. Nice clean restaurant, priced well. I'll be back.
Awesome decor - heard that the owner customized everything himself.\n\nThe food was very good, not amazing but definitely among the better culinary experiences available in the Urbana-Champaign area.  One caveat is that the portions are rather small.
Pretty awesome layout. The drinks were great.
World' slowest oil change. After sitting for 20+min They brought my car in and said \"20 minutes\"...30 min later my car hadn't been touched. People just sitting in the shop doing nothing.
Love this spot.  One of my recommendations when people come to Vegas.  Either Caps or Earls.  Done.  Get the tuna and Iced Lemonade...
Best chorizo and egg burrito I've had in a while. They actually mix the egg and the chorizo instead of merely slapping sections of egg and chorizo into a tortilla. The flavor is great too. Can't wait to try more from this shop.
Went here for the first time with a friend as he recommended it for me. Wasn't disappointed at all as the Italian ice lived up to my expectations. Definitely going to try this for a second time!
Always busy!  Very friendly staff.  If they make an error, they will make it right.  Love the menu selection.  The chicken is cooked right there on large rotisserie burners.  The cilantro dressing is to die for!  Love the little salsa bar!
I decided to try this place after reading they reviews. One of the best manicures I've ever had! Jen was so thorough and meticulous- my feet feel so pampered and soft! And the salon is beautiful. Definitely A five star place!
Amazinggggg! Their Pad Thai is on point!
Food poisoning from this place. Avoid it. I would give it negative stars. I am still sick in bed from last night.
One of my favorite 'dive' bars. I love the events they have, their food is great, it's a cool space, I love the covered smoking patio, and the prices are reasonable.
Staff are very friendly, sushi is great, amazing Sake selection.  You have to check it out!
No corkage? Really? Welcome to the 1990s.
Pete has been my dad's barber for over a decade. I make the trip here just to see him.
Well-- I don't like being rushed to order. The food was ok. I'm going to stick to my China Chili.  Sorry we came here today.  :0/
great view, great service, food could of been way better and price was way to steep.. i felt like i was paying for the view
They had different varieties of kisses that I have never tried. Yum! Did you know that Jolly Rancher candles existed? Because I sure didn't. Lots of cool stuff but not as cool at the M&M store across the street.
This is the best fast Mexican food restaurant in the east valley. I ordered the special #2 which is a carne asada burrito, three rolled tacos, and a drink. The tortillas taste as if I had just ordered a homemade one in Old town San Diego. I will be a regular here.
Watch out! The bartenders change the price of drinks. We ordered the same drink three times and got three different totals. The staff is REALLY rude! All of then seem annoyed to work there. I have to assume its poor management.
Had Hale install my pet door 4+ years ago and it's still working great!  They did an excellent job and even moved the electrical wiring in the wall too!  The door (with minor cleaning) still looks new (with 3 dogs...now 2).
Best breakfast in Phoenix hands-down!\nLove, love, love the Chop and chick!  The pork chop is cooked perfectly.  First time ever I've had a pork chop cooked and seasoned perfectly that I didn't make myself :)
Me and my friends call this our last stop before leaving Vegas. The orange chicken and Mongolian beef is my absolute favorites. Best hangover food other than stake and eggs.
Overpriced menu and wine list is mediocre and pricey. Entrees and appetizers are about the same size.  Food is well prepared but fewer selections than most  Italian restaurants.  There are many better choices in Las Vegas for Italian cuisine. The service was good but not excellent.
\"I dont review often....... but when I do....... \" I must say the most courteous and pleasant dental office I have ever been to. Yes they are that awesome!!!! A+++++ for sure in my book
DO NOT ORDER THE CHILI. I ordered a sandwich and a bowl of chili. The sandwich was very good, but the chili tasted like marinara sauce and salsa mixed together.
Have eaten here a few times and yesterday ordered take out.  Food was perfect and service has been great and quick every time!
Im a thai gura and this place is the bomb!!! Do yourself a favor and order the chicken panang or the basil.  Also the Tom Ka soup is amazing.  Great atmosphere and friendly staff, what more could you ask for?
Took over an hour half for a extra large pizza (30 estimated delivery time) and we live 2 miles away, plus the pizza was COLD. Driver arrives and has no information for management. Called to complain and person on the other line SAYS they will send another pizza right away. 40 min later and still no pizza...
Food was good.  Service was pretty quick.  Place was busy when I got there around 1800 and got busier.  Not a lot of Korean restaurants around so if you looking for Korean food this would be a good choice.
I am new to the Carefree area and wanted to find a good barber. I searched on Yelp and found David at the Little Barber Shop. He is an excellent barber with reasonable rates. Be sure to call ahead as an appointment is usually needed.
One of my favorite lunch places in town,  always friendly and every time delicious,  I used to drive all the way to Green Valley for this place and now so happy they opened Towne Square location, I've already eaten there 6 or 7 times  since they opened only a month or so ago.
Substandard food quality and I rather go to Filibertos for its on the same level, but slightly better
I like their food menu but the service wasn't great and their happy hour was seriously lacking selection! Nothing was very clear and our waitress seemed as though it was the worst day of her life and waiting on us was the cherry on top. My girlfriends and I won't be going back for happy hour.
My personal opinion:\nFor a fun and memorable experience Minus 5 will fit your needs. This chiche experience if fun to say 'hey I did that' to but beyond that you are just paying to be cold.
Store is generally clean and the employees are nice enough.  I hate that gas is 5 cents more a gallon if you use debit instead of cash.  That is silly, most people don't carry much cash.  If it weren't for that it would be a 4 star.
I don't know which is worse the food, service or the drinks. Wouldn't recommend to anyone no matter how drunk they are.
Meh. I've experienced better. menu not big enough for me. pretty blah.\n\nSoju (like Korean vodka) was the best part.. that shit will have you walking around in the streets with yo' pants off.\n\n                                          *you....have.been.warned.*
I found a piece of glass in my water!  So be careful when coming here...\n\nThe food is ok - it is a little on the salty side.
stoped in on the way home from work for to/go ordered the pot stickers fried not very exciting  but every thing else was great beef chow fun/ one of the shrimp dishes w broccli and a spicy chicken dish........all very tasty!!!!
Amazing duck breast dish just melts in my mouth like high quality sushi !! Coming back here again and again !!
I loved the ice coffee and everything I've ordered here has been fantastic!\nIs my go to breakfast joint while in this area.
Love this place. This is great for large groups of friends. Excellent beer list with over 100 to choose from. Food is not bad but a little expensive. The atmosphere is loud and fun filled. TVs on showing sports and lots of laughter. They don't take reservations though.I recommend this place for the drinks and people watching.
I got myself a sesame, cinnamon raisin, and a rosemary. Well verdict, YES they were good especially the rosemary and cinnamon ones. But to be honest I expected something more, worked on all the hype and good reviews about it. \n\nAnyways, still good bagels!
Disappointed that they don't offer biodegradable cups, lids, straws, etc. Styrofoam? Seriously?!
I just went in today and tiyler welcomed me with a beautiful smile at the front desk.she was super knowledgable of tanning she was so nice and recommended this awesome lotion that smells super nice!  The place was super clean as always and its always an enjoyable experience.
Sushi is wonderful, prices reasonable, service is Very good-natured. BYOB was nice. Pad Thai OK, but the texture of the shrimp a little chewy.
i love both locations...this one is just a bit better, more dryers, better water station...i like checking in at the back of the room, rather than fhe front...\ngreat food choices, nice wine, super service...really love this location...
Not friendly. Starbucks should take over the management from hms host.
Totally flavorless.  I'd rather have in-n-out.
One of my staples. Service is knowledge and friendly. The atmosphere is intimate and comfortable. Food is delicious; my favorites include the Mongolian beef and the Kung pao chicken.
great service!
I was very excited to find this place and take my kids. It was fun sharing a memory from my childhood with them.
Best food, best service, best atmosphere - this place has it all.  My family and I go often and are never disappointed.\nThe only Mexican food place we go to  now to get our spice fix!
The service was great but the food was meh.  I've definitely had better.  Ok for a bar and grill but there are better options available.
Nice Italian restaurant with a good menu. A bit pricey compared to other restaurants in the immediate area, but a better restaurant. A nice place to take the family for a special occasion.\n\nThey also offer take-out, and have a separate take-out counter. I like their pizza.
I really liked the environment/atmosphere at Peculiar Rabbit, but the food was average and the menu was limited.  I feel like this place does not really have an identity yet.\n\nBasically, I don't feel an urge to come back here for anything more than some beers.
This place makes excellent shredded beef (machca) tacos. The meat is tender and so flavorful. I've been here quite a few times and was never disappointed.
The meal was extremely delicious and the service was exceptional.\n\nGet the gelato and don't let your girlfriend make you split it with her.
Went to cosmic bowling and the music was awful. It's was old school rock. The drinks are over priced and weak. We will never come back here! Waste of $55
It's ok. Lotsa cougars. Food is not that interesting, just Mexican bar food. Cheap tacos. Tons of kids on weekend.
Now that their new inspection results have been published I understand why I get sick all the time.\n\nI'm going to avoid this place like the plague.
One of the best spots in Phoenix. Great atmosphere, great music, great food and reasonable prices. No need to be a wine snob to appreciate this place. Bruschetta is a must as is valet usually.
The cheapest strongest drinks in town plus a great laid back atmosphere! Love this bar
Good food, prices seem a bit steep.
Ok, so there are so many resturants that serve pha.. But ive been coming here for years... And still believe that they have the best pork chop! And they have nice portions which is good for me! Yum stuff keep it up... I agree they have weird service? But still love the place!
My husband and I went for lunch here and we loved it! It's located in a great location uptown and the service was great! My husband enjoyed the wings and I had a fantastic sandwich! Can't wait to go back and experience during dinner.
I agree with the staff review...very plain and robotic. Payless has come a far way. I never used to shop for shoes here because they were such cheap quality but have gotten a lot better!! I come here mainly for the jewelry! Great prices and cute styles!
I've been to better Brazilian restaurants. This one was below my expectations! Waaaaay over priced for the quality.
Evan install a new Blue-Tooth stereo in my Wrangler and  am really happy with his word. Will go back to him for my next project.
I've been coming here off & on over the years always the best service! Clean friendly & great mani/pedis!  The owners always remember my name & greet me each time.  Staff is consistent & been there very long term.
Great place even if you're not a tequila fan! Loved the shrimp tacos and cocktails almost as much as I loved their outdoor patio that is the best at night with the warm Arizona weather... such a cool, hip bar/restaurant/lounge... definitely worth checking out!
The Manager went out of his way to make us feel welcome and make our bike trip to the restaurant one that we won't forget.  Really friendly staff.  I think this new little restaurant has a lot of potential and room to grow into a great place to have breakfast and lunch.
Maybe I ordered the wrong sandwich, but this was just ok. Good price. but the sandwich was kind of dry and not very flavorful.\n\nBonus star for being open late. It's so hard to find something to eat after leaving nightclubs, so thanks!
I'm a bit surprised by the bad reviews. I thought the place was pretty good. We had good service, good food and good drinks. Not sure what else there is really.
On Jan 1 went in for a walk in at 8am.  No one was at the site and no sign saying they were closed.   Yelp web site showed that they were open.  Had to call to find out that this site was closed for the day.  If it's a holiday call a head as they maybe closed.
Decor was great. Food was great with incredible desserts . Staff was excellent. Unfortunately, our waiter was not so attentive and acted as if he was too busy. Restaurant was half full! To management: we were the party of 6 placed in the back corner round table and was seated at 7:30pm Monday night
European Fusion? This is not - try Bohemian.\nI have seen better flatware in late night dinners.\nThe very visible coke machine has to go.\nFood , so so.
late last year my husband took me to taste their shrimp scampi and oysters,  ummmmm sooooooo good...
Horrible.  Tried it several times.  Taste like frozen Pizza.  Found a hair in it the first time so against my better judgement tried it again.  I swear it was worse than my first experience.  The locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds.
I like to get the Kabuki Deluxe for lunch occasionally; not impressed with their sushi.
Their coffees and lattes are better than Starbucks on so many levels! Their doughnuts aren't quite fresh but they have delicious flavor a. Try the pumpkin pie :)
Just had breakfast.  Huevos rancheros and chicken fried steak and biscuits and gravy.  Won't be back. Not good at all. Very disappointing.  Bloody Mary's were just ok.
Very great pedicure, I hAd Richard give me a pedicure and it was thorough and awesome,  great strong hands when he massaged my feet
Great place. I would give it 5 stars if it were larger (and the lines smaller) and if the greeter/server's stringy black hair would have been tied up. It was dragging in the food as she bent over to put the plates on the table.  But I will be back!
Eggplant garlic sauce is awesome but it would be nice to have less oil in it :)
Over priced, takes to long and food is mediocre at best.  To bad, we are always excited for new restaurants in Queen Creek. We probably won't go back.
Yeah. This was pretty much AWESOME.  \n1. Do take out and eat outside in the park.\n2. Get the meat \"medium.\"  It has a little bit of fat on it still, but it's flavor is UNBEATABLE.
We went for their new ribs. They were cold then heated up and re served.  Horrible. Unable to eat. Left without eating. Manager was apologetic. Just horrible.
A nice quiet place to get a massage. The inside is very well done, and the ladies I met spoke decent English. The massage was good. They have somewhat rough hands, but they constantly ask how the pressure is so you're never in too much pain.
This was something different to do than gamble and drink all day in vegas!  It was only $15 during the day and $5 if you wanted to go a second time.  I thought it would have been cooler loooking at night with old vegas lights shining but the good thing about going during the day was that there was no lines.
I love this place. \nMy girls and I are always here.  Taro balls, snow white snow ice and tea-flavored spiced pork chop are my favorites.
Tried their three different sandwiches and they are all great and delicious! Just remeber to pick up the food and leave. There is no way you can eat on the street or parking lots ( trust me... I tried already) you will know what im talking about when you are actually there ;)
Are you joking me? Never go here $20 car wash! I've had my car washed better at a drive thru self wash. There was no full service here just a full service rip off.
Great atmosphere,prices are good,great service and food quality awesome ! Don't  forget to order the Margaritas with fresh squeeze lemon!  \"Outstanding\"The server Carlos was great!!
I wish I could remember the name of the girl who helped me in the women's department...ugh. Anyhow, customer service was terrific and selection was nice too. Their dressing rooms could use a little TLC though.
Good food and good happy hour menu and prices.  If you are a party of 5 or more you are gonna wait a very long time to be seated.  We also waited a long time for our food.
I've had a ton of shabu shabu being from socal. This just wasn't good. The ingredients were not as tasty and fresh as I wanted.
My new favorite sushi go-to spot on the Eastside! Try the Lisa Lisa roll and the Jackpot roll...don't forget the hot sake.
Reasonable family restaurant.  I visit about once a year. Food quality and price point do not get me there more often.
I went just the other day and they are still rocking out great Mexican American food. The service is fast and friendly. This is not authentic Mexican it's what I grew up on and it's very good. They have great chicken tacos, great quesadillas. Double plus good!!!
I actually have seen this truck before but last night finally tried something from them. It was the Pork Belly Sliders with Apple slaw and it was Awesome, try them if you see them around!
The cinnamon rolls are so good. They are almost half cream cheese icing which is delicious. Plan to be in a sugar coma afterward but its so worth it! The red velvet looked good but I felt too guilty to order more after ordering all five of the cinnamon rolls they had left :)
I guess you have to have a contract  or agreement to get them to call you back, but then other company called me right back and my ac blows cold again.
Firefly has excellent food when you know what order. Stay away from entree because the tapas are usually delicious. Also the mojito pitchers are delicious. Last time I went it was pomogrante flavor, so good we ordered two. The service is okay but their always super busy.
I Love the Desserts at this place!! they had fabulous gelato and delicious red velvet cake! They had a wide selection of foods but a lot of it was mediocre typical buffet quality food. Go for the desserts!
The drive thru wait is so long, I had time to log onto yelp and post a bad review. It's been 20 minutes guys...
Amazing little store, great inventory. Sometimes gets crowded. My only complaint is that I've never bought anything there because it is rather pricey. But it would be a great place to find a unique gift.
My husband begged me to come here so I finally agreed and I must say, it's pretty good. Maybe the top 5 pizza places I've been to. I hate that they don't have appetizers or many pizzas to choose from. It's a very simple menu with only pizza and salad.
We get PeiWei at work a lot and they are awesome. \nI love their Viet. wraps & veggie pad thai!\nThey always have the take- out order fast and food is great!
I thought the food was great. However our waitress was pretty bad. Loved the food. Will come back again.
One of, if not the best Thai places in Vegas. Huge menu with great choices all over. The Thai Iced coffee here is pretty good too, but you know the iced T is better. The  nam prik ong is so good I had to recreate that for parties.
Dutchess Sam was a great server tonight.  What made the night even better was Princess Ashley sat down with us and had a drink with us after her shift.
Should be zero stars.  Starbuck employee was to busy talking to off work Safeway employee to take my order.  She kept saying I'll be right with you.  After 5 minutes I gave up and walked out.  Just reminded me why I don't shop Safeway or go to Starbucks.
Great food, bad service most of the time.
This location closed (Hilton Village) :( Sooo sad because Ice Tango is my favorite!
Great place for italian food. Price point is excellent. \nYou can choose from the deli side or the sit down restaurant.  Bar has Great happy hour. Service was average. Linguini clams are great and pasta carbonara.  Yummy. Will definitely go back.
Ehh food wasn't that great... and kind of pricey!
I stopped 2 bjs to fill app for bartender ,I talked to a manager with in 10 mins That was the best interview i have had I have been a casino for 25 + yrs It was a very well conducted I am very impressed \n       bob nichols
Love it.  Many different selections.  Used my Groupon that I purchased last year.  Great service, friendly employees that works there.  Since I have $20 worth of Groupons, I got 4 two-scoop Gelatos.  Try it out if you haven't done so!
Great place! \n\nHalf price fajitas on monday nights after 8:30.  Great service.  You have to try the fried ice cram and brownie.  Even if you take it home for later.  One of the best brownies around.
Best buffet I've ever experienced! This will be my one stop every time I visit Vegas going forward! Crab legs and Sushi are a must try! The street tacos were super delicious and the dessert station was unbelievable!
A sleeper of a golf course!  You will love it!  It is a bit of a drive, east on Dynamite almost until the road ends, but worth the drive.  The course is great, from layout to course condition, you can't beat it.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
Me and my husband were in the area and decided to try this place out. I'm glad we did!! Food was delicious!! I love the chimichangas and the chips, salsa, and bean dip are great! We don't mind traveling from Tolleson to eat here.
Due to being rerouted by construction I have stopped here a couple of times for a quick snack.  Not really my favorite area of town but the food was prepared correctly and the place was clean.  The one time I used the restroom it was also clean.
LOOOOOVEEEE Angry crab! Seasoning is on point but my favorite is the oysters!!! They are a very nice size and the flavor is AMAZING! HIGHLY recommend!
This place is ok. Live music but no very many people and strawberry margarita was ok..
Great little place to get some good food but don't expect to leave anytime soon since the service is really slow. the wifi is meh do to the amount of people there but all in all OK
The food was good but definitely not worth the price, although we got the meal for free, or authentic. The goldfish tanks in the front attract the many people who walk by but the walls inside seriously hurt your eyes... Bright and abstract. Service was good and food came out at a decent pace.
I think all the hype about this place is for the dreamers.  I thought the cashier was inattentive, and was way too busy talking to his friends to pay any attention to us the customer's. The ice cream was alright but nothing to make me come back for more.
Took the family for a quick hike and they loves it.  didn't have to leave Charlotte to get there.
While the food was not expensive and the service was very good, the food just wasn't very good. The decor is also dated, having that 1970s tropical feel to it.
These are serious donuts.\n\nHot, fresh, fluffy, delicious...and cheap. I'd recommend any doughnut lover to hit up Golden Donuts. Get a dozen and try a bunch of different stuff.
Nice atmosphere. From the outside, it doesn't appear what it is inside. Appears as a great old building repurposed. Food is average, but not in a bad way. Service was great. Friendly.
You pay $36 for a drink that's all ice because of the cool cup, and they don't let you keep it.  Total scam.  $100 for a lunch is ridiculous.
Went there last night for their monthly free planetarium show. It was a really cool show that was unfortunately set to Pink Floyd music. After the show the science dept professors had a huge telescope set up and we were able to look at the moon. First friday of every month!
This club was great the music was pretty good the only thing was that the crowd but a little older but ehhh it's all good old folks can party too! I recommend it for those that are trying to drop it low on the dance floor! :)
Tammy is an amazing with lashes. She makes them so thick, full and long.  She does whatever you ask!!  As fat as Brazilian wax...she makes sure it is perfect and clean!! Love Tammy, wouldn't go anywhere else!'
Well the red velvet pancakes are all that everyone says they are! LOVE THEM!!! Since this spot is around the corner from my house, my husband wants to eat there couple mornings a week!!!
Staff don't really acknowledge the fact that you're there, aside from when they're trying to add on services.  I guess they're used to groups of people going together, instead of going by themselves.  Either way, the service was sub par, I kinda got rushed out at closing time and ended up smudging my nails.
Great service. Brought my bike in as it was making creaking noises. I thought it might be dying. Nope. Quick service and all those noises have gone away. Thanks Phil!
I am a Walgreens junkie. I love this place. I will find any excuse to go inside.
I really liked staying here! All the rooms were clean and really nice! The location is perfect! Everything was walking distance! I highly recommend this place!
Grt food !
nice hotel not a five star but i would stay there again nice clean hotel good service
This place has lot of selections but food is too far from our seating
Walked out last night. Got seated right away, but no server come to the table and we left.  The guy next to us just got his water after waiting a lengthy period of time and was not happy. Two tables down the family returned fries because they were cold.   Not good.
I love this place. A true hidden gem!!!!
Took forever to get one of the worst salad, hamburger, French fry lunches ever, would give it no stars if I could
Solid food & service. I've only liked one Thai place but unfortunately it's on the far east valley. Looks like I've got a new one! :)
Ohhhh man I am not loving Sonic anymore..  the newness has worn way off... \n\n Although the drinks are the Shit... U can't argue about that!
At midnight the fries are a dollar each and burgers are 3-4 USD. They are really delicious and totally worth the money if you have a late night craving. Although I don't recommend the sweet potato puffs - get the regular fries instead. Oh, and the nachos are just delish!
Service is beyond bad.  Have currently been sitting down for the past 20 minutes without service. :(
Good place to hang out and enjoy a bunch of drinks. There is Karaoke and a live band. Food is good not great - typical bar food. Service is friendly and quick.
Really interesting place!  I had high expectations since it is a more casual version of FnB and I wasn't disappointed.  The menu is very limited, but everything is farm fresh and very flavorful.  Have your service describe the dishes and make recommendations.  I guarantee they won't veer you wrong!
Perfect summer Saturdays.
Amazing, fresh, creative and friendly. One of the best places to eat in Phoenix for a quick meal. So good!
Bland
our room had a view of a wall! we barley saw any daylight! but the room was clean and cheap.  there are a lot of places to eat and grab a quick snack
Yummmyyyyyyyyy truffles!
Best. Pizza. Ever.\n\nThank you for coming from SLC and bringing us the Coronary we missed for so long.
I think this place is rated 4 stars because of all the hungover hipsters in Plaza, and waffle house isnt close by. Nothing special, and it's cash only.
The food is excellent but the service is horrible.  If the service was even just ok I'd give them 5 stars
In Harrah's.  Service was good and the quick, but they don't serve it at the adjoining bar for some reason.  \n\nI ordered the Cobb burger topped with a Cobb salad.  Fries were good.  A good burger on the strip and fairly cheap.
Went with a group of friends from work for lunch. They were packed, but we managed to get a table.  Service was good and friendly. My carnitas burrito was a bit plain and expensive for what I got. Overall, a bit disappointed.
DO NOT CALL ANYONE ELSE ! these guys have their act together. needed same day service to get 2 doors done before our walk through, and Wayne and his crew  came through.  one of the best experiences i've EVER had with a service company,
This place was terrible. My wife and I stayed here years ago. RIP. Only good thing about this place is my wife and I staying here when we first met. Thats it. Its was cheap compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip. The out side was typical, with a average decor.
Great food. Nice environment. The service is too slow, so try here when you have plenty of time.
Late night spot! Salmon bagel  is amazing. Lots of salmon too. Pretzel sandwich is also solid. Need to try Mac and cheese.
Awesome food, awesome atmosphere, great staff!
Vraiment une bonne adresse de restauration rapide. La qualit\u00e9 est en moyenne sup\u00e9rieure \u00e0 ce qu'on retrouve ailleurs.
Locals in-the-know say it's better than Primanti's. But for a visitor, it's just a good sandwich and great fries, not unique by taste to anywhere in particular - except perhaps the Roethlisberger.
This company tried to charge me 4000 bucks to do a very small move from Pittsburgh to Philadelphia. What a rip off! Got another company to do it for 1200. Weigh your options!
awesome tacos on the cheap...killer weekday lunch spot. Fish tacos and shrimp tacos. Give it a try, its GOOD!
Decent beer selection and an alright bar menu make this place worth checking out for a game. TVs are located at every booth. My favorite dish here has to be the roasted half chicken with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables.
My wife and I first went to the location on Rea Road twice and it was fantastic both times! We came to this location because it's closer to us and because it's a chain, we thought the food would be just as good as the one on Rea Road. We were severely disappointed.
Great views of the Bellagio fountains/strip, nice comfortable seating, and good ambiance. All the dishes we had were very good, but none were great.
The buffet was just okay, food seemed old and the sliced beef was impossible to cut through! The champagne/mimosas were just okay, not stingy with the champagne. Service is non-existent.\nWith all the buffets in Vegas, I would skip this one next time I travel there.
This place is fantastic! Lots of healthy options from a very knowledgable and friendly staff. I highly recommend the Mock Tacos entree and the curried chickpea salad. The Jamaican Hibiscus iced tea is also to die for.
Awesome! Always awesome!
I love the summer pops in June and July here! So lovely to sit out in the nice weather and enjoy nice wines and cheeses and the company of good friends.  The landscaping and lake is beautiful and we always have a great time.
I loved the decor. The nail techs are friendly. I was in & out with a spa pedicure & gel manicure in a little over an hour. And their massage chairs are awesome!
Total Wine has the best selections and even better prices! My husband and I used to travel all the way to the Glendale location from north Phoenix, but now we have one in Dersert Ridge... thank goodness! The staff is very friendly and knowlegable. 5 Stars!!
Cute place, cool atmosphere, great people. My boyfriend & I went here one night, LATE, sat up in the outside, rooftop area. It was an interesting night & sat as a reminder that I should STOP torturing myself by trying to have a dance off with gay guys...I NEVER WIN!!!
Worst customer service ever! Waited for over an hour and a half for some bimbo to help us get shoes. Shoes! Needless to say we won't be going back.
I went there for the all you can eat crab leg dinner and the crab legs were very poor quality. The oysters are good there and clam chowder soup are good but everything else sucks in this place. The waiters and cooks are nice though
Best donuts and apple fritters!! The prices are really good and the pastries are larger than normal size. They have great coffee, smoothies and blended drinks. They also have a large cooler with other beverages. The staff has always been friendly. This is my favorite place for pastries and coffee.
What a gem! I loved this place. The patio was a great atmosphere and the food was fantastic. It was worth the drive and we will be back with friends in tow! \n\nWe enjoyed the burger, the salmon salad, and the yummy chocolate dessert!
Ordered the Italian beef sandwich with gardinaire. Great tasting, moist and flavorful. Will be on my regular rotation of lunch spots.
Had the tasting menu 1. Very good. The short ribs were a little dry and the beef and mushrooms a little salty.  But overall delicious meal.
Delivery was 20 minutes sooner than expected. Food was medicore. Nothing to write home about. Better than Big Wa
Sad.. they've started charging a fee for using your debit card, but that hasn't really stopped me from going- now I just take cash!
Sinatra was an excellent restaurant. The service was amazing and the staff was friendly. Not only was our waitress nice, the food was amazing. We are very happy with Sinatra and we will definitely come back.\n#1
Pretty cool place to get a beer because they have alot of choices. I always go on non game days and get served pretty fast. The food concept is cool but sometimes it takes a long time to get the food.
Can't complain, it's amazing what medical services we get, compared to civilian medical care!   They treat our troops great for the most part!
This place isn't reiendas. Where do I go drunk at 3 am to get the most boss Mexican food that Our lord and savior blessed the this green earth with? Not this hipster shit hole.
$74 for 2 adults and 2 children my burger was not cooked bun was a week old the whole burger was cold... Kids burger the cheese was so thin it only had one side very disappointing.... Non of the buns were heated to toasted ... Will not recommend :(
A must go. I have a deeper understanding about the titanic and a new respect. A must go....
This place has yummy burgers and onion rings and is really clean!  They usually have a special burger every month or so, but one of my favorites is the bbq bacon burger with cheese.  Yum!
What a relaxing place to have coffee or hot chocolate. The coffee tastes great, and Ted & Maria make an awesome latte. The garden at Harper's Nursery is always beautiful, and it's like a little nature getaway in the middle of the city. Highly recommend it!
June 29th, one night!\n\nFor business, never again...OLD rooms, bad service and horrible clientele. \n\nAvoid this place if you can, it's not worth it. There IS a reason why the rates are so low.\n\nGo Cosmopolitan instead!!
The best book store.  A good place for kids to find books they like.  SW corner.
Love Caps, and this location is clean and fast. I think people forget it's here, so I've never seen it too crowded.
All the reviews here are correct.  The guys here are a-holes.  Also, they do NOT sell  parts and supplies as their business lists here.  Stay away.
They've changed the menu..Again! I guess the service is friendly but god help you if you show up when its busy. I won't be back.
Very good breakfast (Mexican omelet) and employees were welcoming and friendly. I will diffidently return on my next trip to Vegas
Very cute place on the inside and the sushi was good but not  as interesting as we hoped as far as choices, ingredients, etc.\n\nStill like Sakana better but it's far from home.\n\nStill looking for awesome, interesting, amazing sushi near south Chandler.
The staff is rude, on the phone during your service and on top of it, the place is not clean.  This is a chop shop.  In and out.  No attention to detail whatsoever.  Gel manicures by Mark are good, but don't waste your time with anyone else here.
Love their sushi and reasonable prices. Definitely worth it. I recommend this place for everyone in the mood of sushi :)
Great place for Pho in the SW Valley!  I go there for lunch the Pho has a great taste, beef is tender and rice noodles very good, plus the broth is yummy.  Only problem it's close on Tuesday.
Ate here today and had the Strawberry Shrimp salad - it was delicious. Had a glass of red wine and my meal was complete.  The server (Lee) was very attentive and knew his stuff - good job! I like the inside - it feels cozy and I like the wood smell.
This airport needs a train like Atlanta.
At the end of the day, its a pizza like substance.
About what you'd expect from your average strip mall neighborhood pizza joint.  The pizza equivalent of \"Joe Smith 123 Anystreet, USA\" if you will.
Not a fan, not even a little bit. Underwhelmed by the overall taste and the sauce on the slice, which I think is the most significant ingredient was bland. Not likely to give Ray a chance to make a second impression.
Best spaghetti in Vegas, LA, Miami and Nyc!
Not a Rack I will frequent. Too sloppy, not easy to find what you want and looks like they have the \"runt of the litter\" stuff here. Really disappointed. Been to 10 or so other Rack's in other cities and this was by far the one of least interest for me. Hope they shape up.
Sketch on outside, nice inside.\n\nOther than being in kind of a sketch part of town, it was a pretty nice hotel in close proximity to the airport. \n\nMy only complaint is that I never saw the manager at the manager's reception!
This place is a tourist trap. The prices are moderate, but you get very little poor quality food. I'd rather have eaten at Wendy's next store and saved my money. There is some entertainment in the front, and the waitresses are nice. However, they have slow service.
My favorite place!  Especially good service from Joe.  He was tentative without being bothersome almost down to an art-form.  The food leaves me speechless, and the cheese list is provoking vivid dreams.  If nothing else, go for the cheese and wine because it's the best in the city.
Won't go back. The food tastes fine. It is just not worth the money. The portions are very small. There is not enough seating. You are paying for the decor & look of the place,not the food.
Came here by mistake again. Same bad service. Never again. This place seems to rely on its popularity without concentrating on customer service.
I live on the line, go to ASU, and my work is on the line. It works well for me. My only beef is that people always sit where bikes are susposed to go, so it can be hard to commute with a bike.
I was there for like 3 months, nice place, lots of activities, nice machines, staff are nice...very good access to the metro. Since then I want to get back but I live far now
I feel like Ra is too focused on social and not sushi. Good for groups, and decent happy hour prices. Lots of cute waitresses too.
Service was pretty bad.  Getting refills on drinks, chips & salsa was like pulling teeth.  Came in afternoon so they weren't even busy.  Disappointed
The frozen hot chocolate tastes exactly like it sounds. You could easily make this at home for far less than the $11 they ask for it. If you make it at home you won't have to deal with the lines here either or the teenager at the counter who argues with you on how much change she owes you.
pls update -they are open until 8pm,( but they stop taking appointments at 7, at 7.45 its dark)
Only got take out from here. I will have to try dining in. The food was delicious and ready fast. We ordered lemon chicken, beef fried rice, and egg rolls. All of it was delicious and reasonably priced. Portions were big too so leftovers for lunch!
OMG the best Reuben in Phoenix hands down!! Owner is very attentive and it's family owned. Great authentic deli, love it!!
food is bad  don't go  save your money    you should just eat your 5 dollar bill it would tast better
Killer Flat Bread Pizza. What else matters?
Good cheap bar food, they often do half price appetizers. Beer is cheap, atmosphere is good. Inside there are heaps of tables and booths, and for nicer days there is a small patio out the front.\n\nThis is a decent chain bar that almost feels like a local.
Zero stars!\n\nGive Cyndi B her money back, you sold her counterfeit CHANEL for $1,100.00 !!!!
The best steak grites this side of Paris. Hands down no discussion. The profiteroles are good, wine is simple but very good. Nothing fancy but a little slice of Paris in Montreal.
The owner of the store made the situation right by contacting me. I wish more owners would realize this is a good way to make things right and keep customers who had a bad experience.
This place has no comparison, the location may not be best but the food is excessively good!
Super expensive..  Nothing special about this \"circus circus\" location, if you are used to Subway. Giving one star due to the $$$$, holy cow, highway robbery, just wrong.!!!!  $29 for 2-foot longs, 1-six inch and a drink...
Simple, friendly and good service....Think tapas, tequila and conversation.
First visit and I had a drip coffee and the tuna sandwich. Both were excellent. Sandwich though was borderline pricey @ $8.  Service was efficient and prompt. Ambiance was nothing special and had a very much starbucks feel. \n\nOverall impressions: not bad, not great
Wild Game platter?  SIGN ME UP!  The Wild Boar sausage was near orgasmic.  The fish wasn't bad either.  I liked the atmosphere here...it was cozy.  I'd definitely visit this place again when I'm in town.
Hearing all the hype really put my expectations high for this place, but I ended up being disappointed. The staff, ambiance, and location is great! The food...not so much. I ate about $200 worth of food and the only thing I liked was the deep friend dates wrapped with bacon. Overall, not worth it.
What happened!?\n\nSuch a great store that is now closed.  Please let us know if this store has moved - if anyone knows!
Really liked this place! Everyone was super nice, the prices are reasonable and the massage was awesome. Will definitely be going back!
Probably the best Mexican restaurant I've been to in Vegas so far. I got the wet burrito and it was really good. The beans and guacamole were the best. I also tried pineapple and raisin tamales for the first time and that was good too. The service was excellent.
Las tortas ahogadas aqu\u00ed est\u00e1n buen\u00edsimas, se le acercan mucho a las originales de Guadalajara! LAS RECOMIENDO
The people are nice, but the food is mediocre.
Swan cleaners goes above and beyond.  I had dropped off my husbands suit and got the pick up time wrong, since I needed it ASAP they got right on it and had me out of there in no time at all.  Excellent friendly staff.
Pasta was good. wine was good. but I cant trust an ITALIAN restaurant that puts Herseys syrup on their tiramisu. Sorry.
The staff and dealers are rude. My husband and I got a fairly good deal to stay but the service we received and the overall quality of the casino was not worth the money we saved.
This location doesn't have the magic drink machine or even a self serve drink machine at all. Otherwise, standard Wendy's.
Great food and adorable prices. Highly recommend if you're looking not to spend too much on Chinese
Fabulous place to have a lovely breakfast while in Vegas!  Food and service are always spot on and I love eating outside when the patio is open.
Dinner was great just missing the cherry tomatoes in the salad but had a great time
Good Gas Station Location. It's near Interstate Hwy 17 and close to Anthem factory Outlets.
Average americanized mexican at a high price.  Go to Faustos or Robertos instead..
I go to Lotus foods for the fresh chow mein noodles and the selection of Japanese pop.
Food was fresh, good, and FAST! I gave it only 3 stars because there was no whole wheat bread.
Food was great...prices were good...for the strip as well! The DJ last night was not great at all, however passing by on other nights the music was much better! Server, Mark, was nice and checked in several times throughout dinner! I would go back!
Lox and bagel to start the day with a vanilla hazelnut coffee. Great way to get the day started.
This place is loads of fun. Non-pretentious fun. There's always something cool going on here and nobody here is a fancypants asshole. Contests, games, entertainment, comedy, music, and strong drinks a-flowing... if you go here and have a bad time, it's your fault.
Room are nice but got dumped in the smoking section, because the rooms we reserved were taken away due to \"avalability.\" My fault for having asthma I guess, plus $5.99 for internet for 24 hours? And that's only 1.5 Mbps.... not very satisfied currently
Super busy and unhappy waiters \n\nFood comes nothing like their pictures on the Manu. Nothing!
Friendly, fast service! Beautifully made dishes, indoor/outdoor seating, cool fixtures and massive bar. Very clean, and especially tasty food. Worth checking out!
The service was rude and when I left my car there for nearly two hours they still couldn't manage to get the oil change done by the time they said they would.
Absolutely the worst customer service you can imagine.  The only thing keeping Verizon in business is the good coverage and over-priced calling plans.
Fresh and tasty. No two dishes taste alike and they are always efficient getting orders together. I just wish they delivered!
Come to see steel panther!
If you want bad Indian food sprinkled with spotty service & a side of awful decor, then this is the place for you. I still don't understand why people return here for food. Inconsistent quality of food & service. I wouldn't eat here even if it was free.
Great food, very good service and ambience ! One of the best Italian foods' that I have ever had...slightly pricey though ( but that can be expected in a hotel like The Venetian )....highly recommend this restaurant !
Great staff and food. The prices are reasonable. We recommend the wings, burgers and fries. They have great deals as well!
Went for breakfast with friends and was not overly impressed with the food. Two tiny pieces of bacon with \"home fries\" that appeared to come from frozen. There are far better choices close by. We won't be going back.
Foods ok. Service sucks! So many servers and none come to help out. Hostess was to busy texting to acknowledge us until the photographer told her she had people.
When I have gotten somethingbI like there is sone chance it wont be available at a later date. Their dining area as with another location is depressing.
Oh my goodness! Great food and LOTS of it! You won't go away hungry, that's for sure! A must eat while in Vegas!
Great breakfast - great service.  Crowded on weekend mornings but worth the wait.\n\nI've been here twice so far and been happy with my breakfast.
The best thing about ice house is the brown paper that they use instead of plates. \n\nThey also make a delicious lettuce taco.
Great happy hour place for fun and relaxation for co-workers .  It is pricey if you go before happy hour starts.  They occasionally have live music too if that is your bag (not mine).  But not bad for being located in the middle of nowhere.
One star
Closed as of 2/17
Cute little place i just found by my house, great food and the coffee was ok.
This place is terrible. The waiters are on their cell phones most of the time. Management allows other patrons to scream, yell and cuss at the television as well as other patrons, all while banging on tables and the bar.
We've been here several times now, and have not been disappointed yet!  It's always fun, and the food is always good!
I will never shop there again, prices are outrageous even though their employees and managers are nice
Service was impeccable, my wife's salmon was cooked to perfection as was my fillet. we loved everything about this visit except..... Tom and Padma weren't there to join us....
On Tuesdays it's a very small smattering of random vendors. Some selling photographs, olive oil, canned jam, dips in sweaty plastic containers...  Only one or two actually sell fresh produce.  But I'll visit again on Saturdays to try and see what all the hubbub is about.
This is my second time here and they left me sitting in this seat for more than 30min... While they are taking care of ladies who came after me, and i do not think theyve made their appointments. I can find this kind of service at the next corner, so after this fill, they will lose me for good.
Went with friends to grab a few drinks and the place was dead, and for being 9pm i was a bit shocked.  The waitress never came around and most of us sad with an empty glass so we decided to just move on to another place!
The burgers are still good, but the last two times I have gone the smash fries have been unedible.  Too greesy (like they grease was not hot enough and just soaked in) and just barely warm.  Other foods is good though.
Resonable rates...\nThey do not dryclean at the location, which almost scares me because I fell like I'm asking for my clothes to get lost... Luckily that has never happened. But the clothes always comeback smelling clean and fresh.
This restaurant is perfect for a top notch casual dinner. The atmosphere is great, the dishes are authentic Thai, most drinks we got were made on the stronger side. A meal for four people with two rounds of drinks was less than 100$. My new favorite Thai restaurant on the Strip!
The food was no bueno, and I'm a little terrified that the only two diners robbed the place after I left. Very nice staff...and the prepackaged fortune cookie was tasty!
Amazing pastries! Gotta go and check it out.  We had the almond tort, cream horn and the gob. All great! Reasonable prices too.
Delicious food great environment! Service was great. We regularly get cashew chicken, red curry, yellow curry, and pad Thai. All delicious!
All I can say is stay away. We ordered the crispy beef, but got burnt beef instead.  This restaurant has no problem serving burnt food to its customers. Even the waitress saw that the food was burnt and served it anyway. They did offer to make us another, but only after we complained.
I don't know what happened to this place. Service has become excruciatingly slow. Stopped in yesterday at 5:30 and didn't get our food until 6:05. The food is good but don't see going back here due to the lackluster service.
attractive wait staff, poor service, ok to good food, kind of sticky (it is a bar though) good social setting.
Randy was very patient, informative, and accommodating. He made my experience very easy and took good care of me.
Bland and small is not how I ever want to describe mexican food ever again. \nSadly this is why we will be walking past mazama in the future.
I virally enjoy going to RA, but I must admit I was disappointed in this particular RA. Service was slow, friendly but slow.  Food was good, definitely not a place to go off happy hour, we didn't realize it until we got our bill. I will stick to my regular RA and definitely at happy hour!
Drunk pizza is good pizza but not always. Such as when you realize after waiting for half an hour in line, you wish you called Pizza Hut for delivery service to your room instead. The best part of Secret Pizza is meeting funny and chatty drunk patrons in line.
The service was very slow, it took over 30 min for a steak sandwich and the plantains were a joke.  I wouldn't eat there if they gave it to me for free.
Nice place with good chocolate but I've been to belgium and eaten chocolate there and in my opinion it is slightly better. That being said this place is worth a visit anyway as belgium is pretty far away and this is still really good
Terrible service!!! We didn't even have a chance to try the food because the ONE waitress that worked there got our drinks but never came back to take our food order. Another couple came in and sat down after us and she took their order before ours. This place is not even worth your time.
Yuck!  Worst all you can eat sushi experience ever!  I recommend that you take your money and go elsewhere.
You can always expect to see young but extremely hardworking people working at In-n-out.  I only ordered fries, but there are no other fries that compare to this old classic.
Everything I've had here has been great. I love that they have healthier options, like brown rice, no MSG sauce on the side and stir fry. Of course the regular not healthy options are yum too, and they deliver!
Busiest of eateries in secA in PHX, hostess has a nonchalant attitude about customers. Floor manger looks confused and lost,  not cordial to customers. Wait staff upbeat and customer oriented beers are cold and great. Good is fresh and good service would come back
Worst place ever .. Employees treat you like you're in communist china. Food looks like it's been sitting there all day. Ice cream machines are broken. They can't even get French fires right. Worst service EVER
I am a nice person but I don't have nothing nice to say about this place .The food was not hot the bacon taste like it was a year old the waiter smell like he had been drinking all night long .And to top everything off the cashier was rude I will not be back ever
Great atmosphere, took us even though we were an hour early for our reservation, the steak salad was amazing. Service was awesome. Only thing that could have made it better was more tv's for football that was on!
We just stopped here while strolling in uptown charlotte one evening.. The atmosphere was quiet and serene. The food lacked flavor. All the 3 dishes we too bland. For the price and choices around malabar, this is probably worthy of 1 star.
If you are into waiting two hours for a limited menu of mediocre Russian food that is non--vegetarian and non--Kosher friendly, this is your place. Add to that no liquor license and lousy service, and you have the ingredients to a perfect ruined evening.
For $10 cover, it's totally worth it if you like to be in a small, uncomfortably crowded bar surrounded by drunk, sweaty, horny fraternity boys hooting and hollering, thinking they're going to score with one of those bar-counter dancing vixens.
How do I delete a review?
My hubby and I eat here often for the Lamb chops, Caesar salad , and Lobster Bisque while the food is good the bisque is why we come! My only compliant is they won't let me order soup only or pick up. Or I'd be there more often.
Giving 1 star because of the rude service we encountered. We didn't even stay for the meal. This was our first time at The Melting Pot. We were asking our server questions & he was extremely rude. I have never had such horrible customer service where I've walked out.
World's largest gentleman's club! Gorgeous women everywhere had good time.\nJust be careful buying drinks, they go for $18-20 a piece!!\nGet sloshed up beforehand and everything will be just fine
Been to AZ hundreds of times, how did I miss this place!? What a find - I second & third all the excellent breakfast reviews, awesome food and great friendly atmosphere. Not a bad value either considering its AZ, will definitely come here again next trip!
Got me usually good food.Placed was packed.Steak was average and French fries cold.Service was fine.
Great for a dive bar.  Plus they have .99 cheese burgers during NFL Games.  Dark and Dingy like a good diver bar should be.  Always a great place to stop off at the end of the night.  Typical bar food.  \n\nThe big negative...NO DRAFT BEER.
All you need to know:  Not that good and very overpriced.  It was like $35 for breakfast for two people and its not like we ordered anything fancy.  Heck...I could have had a steak for that!
Received a recommendation to restaurant. Ventured off the strip to have lunch. Ordered the salt and pepper prawns, garlic bok choy, and hot and spicy soup. Food was yummy and portions was good size. Would recommend if you're looking for Chinese food.
We Love Krazy sushi. We Love Johnny. We Love Saki bombs. The sushi is fresh, the service is good, and the AYCE is a great deal.
Great paninis at Mia Zas, I enjoy how you select your food there on their sheets. It makes your meal very customizable.\n\nThe atmosphere is good, sitting upstairs is great too. I knocked it 1 star for price, could be a little more affordable. Other than that, I was very satisfied.
Even though it is 6.99 for a lunch here. I would say it is not worth it. Not good at all. But our server was sweet. That is why I am giving them an extra star. That's about it
Place was closed although Yelp showed it is supposed to be open. We are here in Quebec from California and it is quite frustrating to navigate your way on a hungry stomach simply to pay for metered parking and find the Restraunt closed.
Rude. Unprofessional staff. Ruins the experience every time. And the food isn't that great to be a repeat customer.
My nails are perf. The shop is really nice and always clean. Great color selection. Kevin and Anthony are great.
It was a good burger. The food was plentiful as the name of the restaurant implies. Rihht now they are doing a limited time offer for a orange Creamsicle milkshake that was out of this world!! I honestly wish the serving was bigger. It was thick and creamy and delicious.
Still my favorite pizza place!  The pepperoni and ricotta is so good.  The service is always great.  We dine in and sometimes order it to go and the pizza is always delicious.
Usually come here for oil changes.  Also bought tires here for a great deal.  They always look for deals and they show you the work they do so you know you are getting what you paid for.  Both Steve and Jonathan were very friendly and professional.  Would recommend.
Dj is cool. The place needs a theme ASAP
Love it that they have a lot of high end stores here.
Plenty of rocking chairs, sky walks, and outlets. Southern hospitality = bathroom attendants = clean bathrooms. All terminals are connected.
I like this place as it reminded me of back home in the mid-west...all hillbilly & red neck. Oops JK ;)
=)  pretty good even though i was half drunk
Good stuff - great service - big menu - looks like a lot of good options to choose from....and it is always busy
Went here on a friday night and had a awesome time with my friends .great eighties bands was playing and they were entertaining.  Will return
My wife and I are regulars here.  Good because of the cost and availability of the produce.  Freshness also good.
Not a bad place to get some fast food around UNLV.  The gyros are good.  I even liked the falafel, but I was pretty hesitant to try since brown balls made from vegetables didn't look that appealing.  I mean they have a lot of other good selections, but I'm mostly a gyro guy.
Boring uninspiring lunch menu.  Many better more exciting places to goin Vegas.  Take a miss on Mesa.
I was very disappointed by this restaurant. The service was good, but the food was not very tasty and the wine list, while very good, was more expensive than the dinner! It felt like an over-priced tourist restaurant.
Their staff is really nice and upbeat ! Makes my shopping fun ! :)
Room smells of regurgitated wine. Old beer can on patio. Hair on bath towel. But the location is good and the price is right.
Great breakfast place in the green valley area. Only problem is that you may have to wait due to the popularity of this cafe.
Picked it on Whim as we were staying close to LVMS, and needed a great vegetarian option. Didn't know what to expect, but was blown away! Awesome pizza, staff and ambiance!  Don't waste time looking around the area, head right over and taste what pizza should be like!
Fast, friendly, and clean. One of the best pedicures I've had in a long time. Highly recommend.
Great concept though poorly executed, service was slow and borderline indifferent, fries served were old and when asked for fresh the response was not so service like.\nOK for a quick visit though next time I'll go to Red Robin.
This location was one of the worst experiences I've had at McDonalds in a while. The location is older and you can tell the lot needs to be repaved. The drive thru was extremely slow. Add to it that the location is really inconvenient, and this made for a poor experience
Been here twice.  First time they were out of everything I wanted on the menu.  Granola on the yogurt parfait was soggy.  The staff is so grumpy... they need some sleep.  Skip this place if you want some food at PHX.
I finally decided to visit Grimaldi's this month, based on all the great reviews. Pizza was cooked perfectly!!! The crust was thin and crispy, like a cracker (my favorite). Service was great as well. Great place to hang out with your friends or for a night out with your family.
The carne asada tacos were amazing, reminded me of the ones in Mexico! Only thing that killed this place for me was they forgot the side of rice my girlfriend ordered, and when we finally received it the Mexican rice was undercooked, great in flavor, just super crunchy!
Guys watch your CASH, bartenders always try to rip you off. When they get a large $50 or $100 dollar bill they try to give you change for $20.  They treat you like crap. telling you: \"What do you want?\".
Never Again  in my life will I accept this carrier Again !!!!!!!!  5 times is enough for me being off by 2 - 3 days on doers that were paid extra \n Never ever Again !!!!
Awesome Atmosphere and Awesome Beer.  Great building with plenty of outdoor seating.  Got the Fish n Chips and they did not dissapoint.
Very fun show with a lot to see.  Felt very psychedelic but that is quintessential Beatles.  Most of the Beatles more famous songs are in the show.  Also, the dancing, choreography, sets, acrobatic stunts, and video combined with the music, is for a Beatle fan or anyone who likes a great show
the lounge area is very cool, spacious.  the food is solid, seafood tasted very fresh.  it's a lot less of a 'scene' here and more reasonably priced than the other celebrity chef restaurants in and around venentian
Rather dated, but clean enough, doesn't smell like smoke or old person. Room service is only available until 1pm, not cool when you are here for business and need to get work done. Check in is also rather slow.
The location of this Hard Rock restaurant is ok it is by a river and shopping area, not too bad on that front.Food and merchandise is the same as any other Hard Rock which is usually good. I guess my main beef is that I did not like Pittsburgh and the regional area people call the 'Rust Belt' of the country.
I went here on a Monday night and watched Tombstone with my boyfriend. The seats were okay not so comfortable. We ordered a dessert which was very good and ordered a burger and fries which was alright. I just didn't like the uncomfortable seats.
Potato salad is delicious. Nachos were really good. This place was a pleasant surprise. Service was very efficient and friendly.
Drinks are great! Food not so much....
5 stars for sure - Carmon was prompt, professional, friendly and fair. Great to know there is someone to rely on when you lose your keys! Would definitely recommend his services :))
I bought a Dell desktop 3 weeks ago. NONE of the USB ports work. No returns. $120.00 down the drain. NEVER EVER EVER AGAIN!
Went to see the Song with my wife on our date night! Very clean theatre. We will be back
Place is abandoned and locked down. Phone is out of service.  Still merchants inside just no one to sell it.
This is a crappy, dark theater that leaks water when it rains. Do not go!
I love this place, makes burritos right in front of you. It is worth every penny. Go carne asada burrito with wheat tortilla.
I could go nuts in here!  Everything looks so good, I only ordered a salad, but got a hero for my husband so we'll see what he thinks!
New menu is awesome! Coconut crab on toast points were amazing! You guys impressed my date which is always a plus!
Great spot away from the strip.  Owner greets you at the door with his relocated Midwestern hospitality!  My husband will be craving his chili cheese omelette for a long time to come.  We'll be back next time we are in Vegas
Pretty dirty. The buffet has on ok selection. Has bad pinal county health inspections.
Horrible customer service, even from their night manager and from corporate office when we tried to file a complaint. This hotel has been recommended through the years from our fraternity members. In the look out for a new hotel to pass on to all the new guys... any recommendations?
The homemade cornbeef hash for breakfast was delish!  The customer service was outstanding!  We will dine again.
There customer service sucks and their prices are not cheap once you include baggage fees.  I will never fly with them again.
Tiffany has been cutting my hair for years and she transferred to this location recently. She's amazing i have naturally dark brown hair and now I have blonde highlights that are beautiful, no orange streaks she's great at her job and she's great to chat with while she does it!! Go see her you won't regret it!!
Dirty dishes and cold food......awful I would neve visit again...the whole staff need to be Re-trained. ..
Best damn BBQ in AZ! The brisket was awesome. The beef ribs was awesome! The pulled pork was awesome! The sausage was awesome! The sauces were awesome! Can't wait to go back and try the pork ribs!
Love it.  We stop for lunch every time we are in town.  Awesome fresh bread and all the Italian classics.
I had the Canoli Cake the small one and it was pretty good as well as  the triple chocolate chip cookie and some nut bar.  The treats were quite delicious, but I think that for the price it's not really worth it.  You're paying for the name of who's on it more than what you're getting.
We have been big fans of sushi station, but this place has higher-quality and lower prices. We showed up at 9 o'clock and they made our sushi to order. It was excellent.
More than a restaurant it's our favorite dessert place. Almost every dessert is absolutely amazing. All stars because of desserts. Food is fine. Service is good. Breads could have been better. Ambience is very nice.  Mixed feelings !
It's an ok place, just don't expect to sleep.  Noisiest place I have ever stated.  Walls are paper thin.
I came here twice, both in different months, and both times sucked.\n\nSoggy burritos does not make a hungry woman happy.
Food is always decent.  Never once has my delivery order been correct.  10 times at least.  Always missing sauces.  Wrong dressings etc.  you get what you pay for...barely
Hey Its Denny's\nFor the price you cant go wrong, this is for me a breakfast place not a fan of there dinners. \nOur server was ok she forgot our toast and syrup, and took a long time to come back with it.
Larry recently helped my wife and I find a home.  He was very professional, fast, and always made sure to go above and beyond during every step of the process.  He treated me as I wanted to be treated, I will be using him again soon.
The food is ok. Average so a 3 however the attitude is a 1. We ordered the Chicken quesadilla and was charged 1$ more than posted. She said she couldn't do anything and didn't credit the difference. Based on that they get a 2.
Rancid Egg White/Feta burrito! No refund because I threw it away and wasn't willing to trash dive for it. BAD NEWS!
This is the only shop that my family uses. We are beyond pleased with the fast, professional and HONEST service. If you're looking for a mechanic in the East Valley, Salvo is the BEST!!!
Amazing authentic vietnamese food. Not to mention it's very cheap! Love it! I recommend the Pho... Delicious! It reminds me of the little restaurants that dot the streets in Vietnam.
Stayed at the Wm Penn down the street for a wedding and needed a last minute haircut. Friendly, helpful, all around good cut!
Great gym, parking is aweful but always a bike in spin class and a spot in yoga. Shop the different trainers because some of them lack personality.
Great food and very tasty, plus you don't feel guilty or lazy after.
One of my favorite sushi restaurants.  Always fresh fish with great culinary skills.  Staff is friendly and attentive.
Best pedicure I've ever had. I don't want to go anywhere else. The only tiny comment I have is that there wasn't any music playing in the salon so it was strangely quiet but I still recommend this place to all my friends.
Called for a reservation and got one for two people within 30 minutes.  I don't usually get nails and I got gels for my first time. The lady was very helpful and tried a few colors just so u could get the perfect shade I wanted. I would highly recommend!
The place doesn't look like much but the food was Amazing and full of so much flavor.  The portion sizes were very generous and priced very good.  The women who I assume is the owner was very pleasant and helpful.  GOT TO give it a try, we will definitely be back
Had a good late breakfast there, and it was good.  Went back for their walleye today and we were very disappointed. Bill was $36 for two walleye dinners and one diet coke.  We had been looking forward to the walleye being from Minnesota.  We tried.
The service and food sucks here.... it was good prob 7 years or something ago when the Palms first opened and they had their midnight special but even then.. only the price was good but the food was not sooo good...  drive down the street to get better food elsewhere!
I'm still trying to find a decent banh mi spot. However, this will place will have to do in lieu of anything else. I wouldn't eat at Lee's when I was still living at home just because it isn't that good.
Always SOOO fresh!!! Consistently Great. Consistently the best I have had. And lots of varieties. Coffee is very good. Fresh ground. Ladies behind counter are always friendly too
Wanting something other than a sandwich I stopped in. I got a chicken teriyaki bowl with white chicken. The chicken tasted bland and manufactured. A few pieces were also a bit fatty. The sauce was good but not good enough to save the meal. Thumbs down.
The BBQ is fantastic! Delicious trifecta sauce. Great ambiance and service! Never been to a place like this in Phoenix before.
The beer on tap is amazing.\n\nBUT\n\nI always feel like I'm walking into a private room and it's difficult to get a seat.
$12 for a combo meal burger and $10 for 3 chicken strips...what a joke!
Forgot to mention that its definitely not family friendly.  I once took my 5 yr old child  with me who shared my plate with me and they charged me a sharing charge.   They have coupons in various mags for this place but if you use a coupon, the rude owner gets mad and screws up your food.
The best BBQ in Las Vegas.   Nice daily specials.
Bar food... More like restaurant quality food for a more than reasonable price. Quick service, nice bar staff, machines if you want to drink, smoke and relax. Really clean and updated restroom. The female staff members are quite cute too.
I disagree with the other reviewer. This place is MUCH better than Chipotle or Qdoba. Fresh ingredients, attentive staff, and a clean dining area. Far more choices too than the other, more well known franchises.  Check it out. You won't be disappointed.
My daughter has been suffering from a skin condition and we have been trying new doctors all the time to find a cure. I must say we are impressed. We just moved from CT/NY and so far she was treated and has had relief for the first time in years. Lets hope it keeps working. Thanks guys
Rude and inconsiderate... they do not even return calls.  The lady at the front desk needs some manners.  Have never and will never go to this type of place.  EVER
Had a great time. Waitress was pleasant and  helpful . Sashimi was outstanding. Fun atmosphere. All around good time
I love Frozen Yogurt Bars and have been to several around the Valley. Twisted Cultures has the concept down the right path, but the consistancy is not quiet there. Too Runny and Too much flavoring . Hopefully they will figure that out so i dont have to drive to Cave Creek to get my fix.
What a rip off! They told me I needed new breaks and I had just had them done a month before. They also threw away my K&N air filter which by the way is washable and reusable and acted like they did nothing wrong. It must have been in pretty bad shape the manager said. Please I take care of my car.
all things considered this place rocks. \n\nPrice, speed, quality all 5 stars. \n\nThe wings are good too, nice pepper flavor in there.
We ate here Thursday night (2/21) and had a great experience. Our server (wish I could remember her name) was helpful & polite. She gave us wine samples and everything came out quickly.\n\nThe chocolate mousse cake dessert was FABULOUS! We will be back soon!
I give it a total of three stars. \nThe staff are ok the place is always jammed packed. The coffee is always given to me in a nice time but I'm always shocked that they don't have those little cute cake pops in the afternoon. I go to starbucks just for them.
I ordered the fish and chips. The fish was ok. The French fries were greasy, hand cut fries that were only half way cooked. They were so nasty I couldn't eat them. The price was $10. Total waste of money.
Like old sweat shorts... The Gym stinks. 45 mins for food.. Poor service,  no idea what the specials were,  gross washrooms,  dirty and more.. Even the name doesn't make sense..  Would not bother going back. Avoid if possible.
Too pricey for what you get, then again it's Vegas. The salad was real good, forgot what it was called tho. Pizza was alright, nothing spectacular.
Great place to come and learn about early Nevada days, and to see actual\nHomes (that part is really cool). Altho I agree w other yelpers that think the mannequins are creepy. \nAdmission is so inexpensive , you can't beat that for what you're getting.
Always enjoy coming to The Elbow Room. Atmosphere is great. Food is great. Jason was our server. He did an excellent job! Highly recommend asking for Jason.
I have been coming to this bar since day one. The bar staff has changed several times and good employees have moved on. Uncle Bears still provides good bar food and great service. There are limited options in queen creek but Uncle Bears is a fun place to visit.
Nice place that has a hipster vibe without being pretentious. Good coffee and pastries.
Generous portions and good sweet and sour shrimp but nothing extraordinary about their fried rice or lo mein
I like the ham and cheese omelet and the Philly cheese steak sandwich.  The steak and eggs is okay (you get the steak you pay for.)  Decent enough food for the price; I like watching the World Cup at lunch here.
Came here to celebrate a special event. Decided on Grotto because of the reviews but couldn't be disappointed more. Rude and disrespectful owner/server who was very judgmental. We ended up leaving due to his demeanor and treatment. Want a similar experience? Make reservations and enter at  your own risk.
Loved the old location with Frank always stopping by talking to us.  Second time at this location and service not so good.  The ice tea is great and love the salsa.  Always good choice with the chili rellenos. Rest of friends liked the food they ordered.
This place is over priced and the service is horrible. I went there with my feiends and the server was very rude and degrading!
As other Yelpers have mentioned, the staff need an attitude adjustment.  I mean who doesn't like cold pizza since you never rang our buzzer to come get it?  My bad!  The idea behind this restaurant has huge potential.  Too bad the staff has such attitude.
This is a very solid and reliable dry cleaner and has been for years.
Good place. Not sure I would call it Island food, unless you think anyplace that has water around it is an Island. It is a mix of Hawaiian and Polynesian food. The food was good and the staff friendly. I will try it again now that I now what to expect.
Decent but certainly not outstanding...Good portions and good food, average prices.\n\nYou won't be blown away, but won't be disappointed either.
A cut above your average airport restaurant - fantastic salads and colorful menu! I'd love to try their other locations.
The online bargain wasn't worth the wait just to check in! We have been standing in line for over 30 minutes and I am maybe halfway there. At least at a restaurant they tell you the wait time and you can decide to wait or not. With a hotel reservation, you are a captive audience. Never again here at this hotel.
Once it's craved, you know it's a winner.
Awful place. Extremely loud and unpleasant and the food is close to not being edible.
Miserable.  Dirty.  Untasty restaurants.  Why do I continue visiting this place??!  It is very cheap though, if thats what you're looking for, this is the winner!  Slightly...slightly better than Sahara.
Me and my cousin were in the plaza and saw pita pit and thought we give it a try I ordered the dagwood and she ordered the philly steak the food was good\n\nThe lady there didn't seem to understand us very well \n\nOverall everything was good will be back
This buffet does not belong in a 5 star hotel.  It was overpriced for the quality, when compared to Bellagio's or Wynn's buffet.  We only ate here because of $100 credit that came with hotel room
I was not pleased with the service that I received and I was not satisfied with the value. I highly prefer the Pineville location.
Good food, great drink deals, and will be a poppin' spot when school starts
Big Carl is great! I am a fan and they have great specials in our mail each week!
Love this place :) great service, amazing staff, high end experience all around. Be sure to make an appointment ahead of time. Newbies get a free eyebrow wax and if you recommend someone, you'll get $10.00 credit when then come in :)
I love the place but the water is horrible! Which in turn makes the coffee terrible. Please EGG & I, do something about the water. It's really really bad! However the food is the best in vegas! I will just have to drink orange juice until you fix it I guess.
JULY 27 2012 people go around in carts or u can order from the menu. The decor is ok. Overall this place is alright the food is not really that great. I would plan not to go to this restaraunt
The associates are not helpful at all. Try to avoid this location.
Nothing special!  I had the prime rib 10 oz cut and it was ok.  It is not the best prime rib I had.  Waitress was sloppy.  Ice tea took forever to get to the table.   Refill never showed up.  Clams did not taste all that great. So probably will try someplace new next time.
I had read that  Kneader's Bakery was a must for cookies in AZ. Thank you TripAdvisor. My friend and I did and we shared a freshly baked -still warm- chocolate chip cookie, it was really good!
Been coming here for years and it never disappoints. I've tried many different desert oyster places around here and I must say this is my favorite. Very fresh and large oysters. Also love getting the shrimp plater. Nice and big. Large selection of beer and all at a great price.
Good selection of flavors and interesting toppings like freshly roasted marshmallows. Stop by for a lazy Sunday treat with your family!
I am giving them 1 star since they were out of everything on their menu! My gf and i had to settle for the frozen pops. I got the mango and she got the watermelon, they were okay not worth $4 in my opinion.
Only place I've found in the Rio that serves Coke!  It's a glorified Burger King.
Excellent grocery store! Since signing up for e-Vic, I've been too obsessed with doing my shopping here. I was more of a Food Lion person. Heck, I can't even remember the last time I stepped into one. This location is very clean and easy to navigate around. The self check out lanes makes it better.
Food, service & ambiance is never a disappointment. Is a little pricey but you get EXACTLY every pennies worth. I always look forward to the different menu items and the smiling faces.
EVERY TIME I go here, they always seem to give me some run around about how it's going to be an hour or longer wait. Even if there is only one other car in there at the time. That's fine. You don't want my business, I'll take my money else where.
We had NYE dinner with friends and the food was great! The atmosphere reminded us of Hawaii. The coconut shrimp was the best I've ever had and the filet was perfection. Just be sure to save room for dessert!
Not enough security in the gold diggers club. We were attacked by a large gay african american and a small gay hispanic. Security did nothing. I do not recommend going to this establishment.
Came in super late for some munchies and to cure our sweet tooth. I got the bread pudding and my friend got the french toast. The food was solid, but the service was less than desirable. The bartender was more concerned with her phone and gossip than being personable to us.
Chicken was extremely dry. Food was not fresh. Baklava tasted like soap and I had really bad stomach ache.
Way back  Pure used to be cool. Or maybe I just didn't know any better. The layout is really horrible. If u are not doing vip dont expect to be able to dance or \neven move. Don't waste your time with the long lines..really NOT worth it.
I've only been here once, but everything was excellent. Everything was cooking perfectly. Authentic. And the service was delightful. I look forward to visiting again.
Best cheese steak in AZ. Incredible amount of meat on sandwich. Would need to get triple meat from any other place to even come close. I'm SOLD on trying everything on the menu...soon.
Just a fantastic dining experience.  Small,  intimate room, fantastic food, very nice wait stsff. I'd like to see a bigger wine list.  But for 2-4 people,  either work or socializing,  it's just a great venue.
The music was good.  The beer was warm.  Wheat beer served warm can contain bacteria.  The person I was with and myself were both sick for three days.
Food quality seems to vary quite a bit.  On my last visit, the chicken was dry at best, and the egg rolls were left in oil for too long.  There are better places to go in the area for Chinese food.
This place has a fabulous view and we were really looking forward to eating here as the tantalizing smells wafted toward us as we walked in. Unfortunately, the place is TOO LOUD! We left without dining since conversation was difficult.
Kind of ricey even though we didn't order AYCE but they tasted good and fresh. The toastedness of the sasa wasnt my favorite but tge playboy was good. \n\nAaron was great, I think he's the manager.  Good, fast service.
I don't get the hype. \nWe went for the customer appreciation day. It's just another over priced, no flavor, place. I was extremely disappointed.  You couldn't even pay me to go back there.\nThe one great thing-- the employees were very nice.
Do not expect good service. We finally left cause no waitress came to our table and none of the other waitresses cared when we asked.
Good food and great selection! Nice owners!
The place is nice, but it's way too expensive for what you get. It should be under $5 per person. From a business perspective, they would probably make more money if they made the admission less than $5 because more people would consider going for that. I will never go again. It's simply a rip off. Sorry.
Limited menu, high prices... tasty but not filling. I probably won't go back, but that shouldn't stop you from at least trying it.
Poor service with attitude.  How do you not have Avacodo  and telling everyone they have to 15 minutes with a attitude.  Recommend going to another location!!
These pizzas used to be really good.  Great sauce and a nice thin crust.  Now the sauce has no taste and the crust is thick and doughy.  Can't tell the difference between the box and the pizza.  Pass on this one Wal Mart has a better pizza in the frozen aisle.
After they gave me an excuse for bringing a dirty wine glass that was IT for me.  Never went back.  Bad service - waitress was snoddy.
Very cute little artsy coffee shop offering a large variety of coffees as well as wine. They also offer lots of local made treats, cupcakes desserts.
Went in today to find the Jewelry department missing! What's the deal? If anyone knows please say what Macy's plans are about plans with their jewelry division???? It's always been a plus.
Really small place its best to know what you want walking in the door and come with at least two people so one can get a table. Food is ok mad fresh
I had a slice of the cheese and a slice of cheese with pepperoni on top. Nothing special. No special or unique flavors, just ok pizza slices and not good enough to require a return visit.
Vegan donuts on our way to hike Mount Charleston? Yes, please!
Ordered Chicken Biriyani and found a bone piece (with no meat). wonder if its from a left over plate.. yuck...anyways taste was also bad.
This time South Indian for a change and it was extremely tasty. Chutneys and sambar were delicious.
Was not able to even get an appointment.  Called during reg. business hours. Phone rang 20 times, someone answered, said they'd call me back to schedule. Never called me.  I called back, got a busy signal. Called again, it rang 20 times, and I hung up.  Too much work.
Planned a carb cheat day here for my Vegas trip. So disappointed in the desserts. Ice cream less than average. Ordered Blackout Sundae and husband ordered fried oreo sundae and we took a few bites and paid the bill. Burger and chicken sandwich were good but unimpressed with dessert and will not ever return.
Received a call from this company while on the National Do Not Call registry. Makes me think they don't know much about business practices if they are doing this regularly. After getting a call today and seeing the complaint from January, I guess they either don't know or don't care about rules.
This place really sucks, no one knows anything here, it seems like some of the employees are monkeys. They don't know anything probably are mad because they get paid minimum wage. I would never recommend any one there the ladies that work there are fat and always talking about their huge weekend consisting of eating food and becoming more fatter than their own mothers
I come in the evening and the crew is always so welcoming. They take the time to know the customers, though at times they get real busy but they keep that smile on their face. The place is small and is not like other places but the crew makes me want to come back even if its just to sit down and chat.
Found this place because of a Yelp search for BBQ. The food was good. The service was good and it's close by. Would definitely go there again. Our company brought this in for lunch today (6/18/14) and now everyone loves it!  Did not disappoint
Worst hotel room I have ever stayed in. The Roman tower is the ghetto tower. I wouldn't put my dog in this room.
Great atmosphere and unique drink selection. So nice to have some cool local bars added to downtown.
This place is absolutely huge.  It is by far the biggest Macy's I have ever been in, and they have an arcade area for kids.  Not to mention, there is a huge candy and sweets section!! YUMMM
There pizza is ok, Nooot New York style the slice is too thick.
Leticia's USE to be a great place for Mexican food, unfortunately no longer. The service is very slow and sporadic at best. The food lately has been just ok, and the quality has definitely gone down hill. We enjoy eating at local places, non chains and are very disappointed in the direction this restaurant is going.
Alright, alright, calm down.  This pizza is good, but why do I always walk out with a $70 tab for 2 people, for PIZZA.  Come on!  We did get the tiramisu, but the waitress couldn't even confirm for us if they they made it in-house.  boooo.
Gr8 sushi and teppan table cooking in a beautiful restaurant w/gracious servers.  Appetizers are delicious.  Kind of pricey but lots of coupons available for locals.  I like the rolls, tofu, filet, seaweed salad and vegetarian teppan.
I always go to this location, they are always really friendly and I get out quickly.
Love this place! Been to pretty much all the Pho spots in the valley and this spot is authentic. As for customer service, I really enjoy having my order taken and not being bothered while I enjoy my dinner HOT. Affordable, delicious and the broth is aaaamaazzziiiinnngggg.
Great prices and great juices. Devin and Justin are top shelf dudes. Best place for your vaping needs and wants in town, and I've been to them all.
before i love this asian market ...but yesterday i buy a siopao when i got home and open it  there was a mold that was gross!!!  and now i learned dont buy a sale product coz u dont know if is expired or something inside of it.. if im a bad i can sue them!!
their food is just so dang delicious !!!! The best Vietnamese food in Las Vegas for sure! Their pho broth is on point  and portions are generous... No need to order extra noodles or meatballs. Egg rolls were crisp to perfection. Yum
If you are staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and too lazy or hung over to go anywhere else, Mr. Lucky is most likely where you will end up.\n\nDon't expect fabulous food, service, or a good deal. You can expect to eventually drink and eat basic dishes at any hour.
The drinks are amazing! They are a little weak so always get the extra shots!
feels like I got ROBBED! Not a good deal. $13 for a mediocre breakfast (they just put a bit of fruit on a crepe). Big deal. \nAvoid like the plague. Try other breakfast alternatives in the city! There are plenty.
Service was horrible.
I have received a facial, massage and hair cut from Robin and all three were wonderful.  Robin has great attention to detail and is great at customizing any service.  She is easy to talk to and I feel very comfortable as her client.  With the amount of knowledge she has about skin care I know I'm going to get the best!  Thank you!
The lobster was fantastic, the steak was just average.  The price was pretty ridiculous!  I can name a lot of other Steakhouses in Vegas that can beat them and at a better price.  If you don't mind dropping a couple hundred on dinner for two it's fine, but nothing to write home about.
All is good here. The waiters and the owner are friendly. \nThe space may be so tiny especially at lunch time. Bring your cash and don't forget to tip :)
Had lunch there on a rainy day. The light was dark so I did not enjoy eating there. The food was just so-so. No much choice on the menu. Don't know if they had another menu for dinner.
Excellent.  I'm an experienced handyman and know good service.  This was as good as it gets.  On time.  courteous. excellent mess mitigation and clean up. Very knowledgeable technician. Fair pricing structure.\nVery Satisfied first time user.
The 14\" sandwiches are ridiculous but the owner is getting ready to cut them down to 12\" and he seemed interested in maybe offering a half sandwich as a lunch special. Extremely tasty and the french bread is awesome. Lots of other choices on the menu, this place is going to be really popular.
out of business.\n\nthis was a great place to get food...
I really did not enjoy my experience at Nil Bleu. I found the food to be bland and the sponge bread to be nauseating. Less I say about this place the better. Let us leave it at that.
This place has excellent Chiense.  I'm not sure why, there is always only one or two tables filled when you go inside - it's good good eats though if you're looking for chiense!
i been going there for 10yrs and mai the lady that cuts my hair,she can cuts some hair,you would think i should get a free hair cut for being faithful to TJ hair design,but nope.i only go there for Mai.
Looks seedy on the outside--in fact, it's situated in a decrepit minimal with a new-vegas ghost town feel. Lots of golden oldies and new machines too. Way more fun than a slot machine, and the payout is about the same!
The food was great and prices were reasonable.  The atmosphere was lacking a little bit and it was kind of dead.  I assume this might have something to do with their recent relocation. Hopefully this place picks up soon and beefs up their decor.
I've been treated very we'll by the staff here.  My doctor is trustworthy and thorough.  They have phlebotomy on site
Very professional cleaning, and very nice people. My wife and I have used their services for years, and I highly recommend to all.
WOW such an amazing place!!! Everything is made with love you can both see and taste. Chef John is a master of his craft. Crispy pork nuggets...... Heaven on a plate! Gotta come here. Breakfast , lunch , dinner.... It's all tasty.
I will never go back to this place again.  Horrible customer service.  Stay away.
Worst food I have ever had. Horrible service. Stick to the baked goods not the food.
Snobby and pretentious. drinks are very weak. Too loud to hear anything. Floor is very slippery. Unfriendly doorman. not a fan, at all.\n\nJoes has a better dance floor. Firehaus has more class.
Noodles is a very good restaurant. The decor is pleasing and in terms of its subtle approach, it matches the flavors of the food. All of the dishes are fresh and not very spicy. The prices do not seem as high as some Yelpers have suggested.
I have been there several time, and I had a bad experience itch time. \nBad customer service, the impression that you are bothering them all the time. The shop is close when it suppose to be open. They are pretty close to my house but I avoid as much as possible going there.
Incredible, friendly service.  My first time here, and Louie went out of his way to come out and introduce himself.  Very powerful act!  The food is great...New York style.  Price is right too!  Perfect for the whole family, we will Be making this one of our favorite spots!
Love this place!!! Lots of tasty veggie options, and they use many local and organic ingredients. They also have a good selection of microbrews and plenty of local personality.
wandered in here for a much needed morning-after breakfast. none of our group made it through half of what was on their plates. service was ok, but stick to tots and finger foods. i'm guessing this place survives off of its cheap drinks and patio location right on the strip.
Great atmosphere.  Hilarious menu text.  This place has real character and fantastic food to match.  The back patio is fabulous.
Good diner-type food. Friendly service. Really good milkshakes. Nice family atmosphere. Cute decor. \n\nI would definitely recommend this, especially as a casual dinner spot for families.
I had a fairly long wait here to get my order in. While I was not happy about the wait, the steak and cheese that I received after I ordered was actually fairly decent. Would I always wait for one of the steak and cheeses? No. Might I return every now and again? Yes.
If your out on Mill partying, you should definitely eat here once your done. You don't need another slice of pizza. You will thank yourself the next day.
I will never, ever, ever go back here again. My purse was stolen. Shows you what type of people frequent there. No thanks.
Great burger! A tad too pricey for lunch. I like the vibe of this place. It would be great for happy hour or brunch, both of which they offer (I think). Service was slow but we were a table of 8 or 9.
The food is not good & everything is overpriced. You're paying higher prices because it's Scottsdale. \n The only good thing is that they have a larger selection of draft beers than most places.
gotta love mountianside .. i go the surprise one. but been to this one many times. they are very nice and i feel welcomed when i go :)
Gross. Thought it would be a church- based  Italian food feast (and I am not religious, just looking for authenticity) and found a tacky, overpriced flea market. Had a ten dollar Philly cheese steak with cheez wiz. Yucky.
Run of the mill corporate casino WAAAAY off the strip. \n\nHad brunch here for around $20 dollars.  It was pretty good.\n\nShot dice for 3 minutes, hit two points and left. Paid for brunch.
World famous sliders are horrible. Don't even taste like meat.
Been here once and it's okay. If I had a choice I would prefer dos gringos next door
Every time I go to Cowfish, I'm disappointed.  I've never once been and thought \"oh man, I have to come back and get that again.\"
They're close, nice, and professional. What else can you ask for.
This service accomplished in 2 hours what other cleaning services couldn't even fathom to hold their staff up to in a scheduled 8 hour cleaning shift. Very thorough, no wasting of time, and the place smelled natural, not chemical. I am definitely giving them my loyalty again
Run. If you really want to try it do what we did, tour it first. Dirty and cheap looking. I remember this buffet from a few years ago. It has not changed...
Staff very nice, food is horrible, no taste...go to BUFFET ASIA, same price better food!!
Always a favorite
This place is cool, the atmosphere is dark but cool.  We hung outside on the upstairs patio looking down on the street for some classic people watching and drink were cold and fast.
Five stars for the great service from three employees minus one point for the prices.  They were able to process my return with out a receipt which is always nice.  Fish looked healthy and the tanks were clean. Very convenient location and easy parking.
Service was very slow but food was decent...had the bean burrito and cheese enchiladas...local beer tastes like miller, nothing special.  Only option in tortilla flat! Atmosphere is quirky and interesting with western flair and thousands of dollar bills covering interior of entire restaurant!
David and I visited the Olde Mecklenburt Brewery last night for the first time to attend the Brewer's Ball  benefiting the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. We enjoyed the Copper and Mecktoberfest.  We'll definitely be back to check it out again!
The only reason we go back is they have my favorite chips & salsa. The service is horrible and the food is just mediocre now. If you want good salsa and good margaritas, although pricey, Garduno's is a good spot but do not expect to get decent service.
The food is very good. We told the waiter we had never been there before and he gave us excellent recommendations. The dishes are also fairly inexpensive considering the amount of food you get. Definitely recommend if you're looking to try something a little different!
beautiful location to relax and have a drink.  Server communicated in english which is a plus.  But I still had my french speakers to help.  Drinks were good.  I liked it.
great sandwiches, great hummus and a great place for lunch at a reasonable price.
I can't be sure, but some of the theatre ceilings look like they have black mould on them. Given that there has been some ceiling water damage its a little suspicious.
Best burgers in Montreal. End of story. Pizza, subs, great espresso, everything a fast food joint should be. Noisy, and very busy at lunch, especially Thursdays. The staff has been there since forever, and it is always a treat to say 'hi'.
Walked in after not being able to go to another restaurant. Was nice surprise because expected food not to be good.  It was good authentic Chinese food.   It wasn't the best Chinese food I've had,  but the service was better than most Chinese restaurants.
I called in a panic and was given nothing but professional service.  I will recommend this company to everyone I know.  Thank you, Wisconsin!
A big disappointment. Greens were aerated a few weeks ago and were in terrible shape. Had we been told about this, would have played elsewhere.  Course play management was non existent which slowed us down. Overall, a forgettable course. Much better places to play when in Las Vegas.
I like this spot because it's not in a casino and not packed so you can find a great seat. This time though, the floor was sticky and had not been swept. :(
Super clean venue! Always remember to go early to get your food before the start of the game, a few minutes before the half and possibly towards the end! \n\nThe wife and I grabbed some custom jerseys as we! I'm pretty sure we've adopted the suns as our new nba team
Poorly organized, dirty, and crappy selection of everything. Not really much redeeming about this store. Sad even for a Walmart.
Been to other locations and had wonderful experience there. So I figured I would go here but it was a bad experience way to demanding for me to order as soon as we sat down so we got up and left.
Wednesday night at 7:00pm and there is a 25 minute wait for a table? I count 18 open tables...\nI am not sure if it is because they don't have enough servers or they're trying to alienate the locals. \nNote to management: not good business
I like the pharmacy here and I can buy most of everything I want/need here.
Great food at great prices.  Gets very busy during peak hours.
I absolutely loved the painting class! It was easy for my friends and I to follow along. The food & drinks at Havana Grill were also delicious! I would deff recommend this class to others!! Can't wait to go back soon
The worst service ever. 40 minutes and still haven't received our salads. Very inattentive staff. I will never done at this establishment again. Stay away if you'd like to receive your food in a timely manner. If they had negative stars I would use those.
Great service- Greek pizza gluten free crust- with extra kalamata olives wonderful meal with tofu fries and extra Russian dressing. \nHappy Mama Happy Children- simply YUM!
Expensive for the quality. They are very sparing on the amount of protein in their dishes. If you are looking for good quality Thai food go to Smiling Banana Leaf, Thai Me Up or Silk Elephant.
I only ever order one thing from here --- The Navigator Wrap --- but it's delicious. I've only ever dealt with the restaurant through delivery, but they're always very prompt. Everything on the menu is fairly priced. If you work in the North Side it's definitely a great place to order from.
Fair. Honest. that is hard to find in a mechanic. Knowledgeable
This Outback is now out of business.  I really liked their prime rib, but given how the servers were constantly complaining about the management I'm not too surprised they folded.
Best Italian Beef Sandwich in Pittsburgh.  No one even comes close.  Vegetarians need not enter, nothing for you here.
Not our place. We have gone there 5 times now. Pulled pork was always cold, and dry. And it just never made us leave smiling or full. Give it a try if you will. Their fries are amazing(I believe they are frozen then fried). But ya
Hands down the best pastrami sandwich I've had in town. Very good beef and pork. It would be an everyday lunch option for me if they offered more vegetables/more healthful sides. As it is, Blowin' Smoke is an occasional treat.
Went in tonight at 8:36pm.  Everything shut down and no one working.  One employee actually walked past us taking off his apron.  No one stopped to wait on us.  Everyone was in the back goofing off or something.
Place was awesome this past Friday night! Our party of six had a great time and would go again every time we go to Vegas!
Very good pizza very reasonable price, crust was a bit hard, but I wish they delivered.
Like I mentioned in my tip, this place usually have what I need, but they are expensive.  I only come when there's a good sale and coupons.  Friendly checkers though.
A better version of cheesecake factory. I had some pizza and pasta. It was tasty.
I love going to this place for lunch. They are well priced, always friendly and have decent food. My favorite part however is the fact that they serve tea with the meals. Its a great place to go with a few friends.
Had a 2001 Honda Civic with 300,000+ miles on it. Every repair was done right the first time and they were honest about what did and did not need to be done. Highly recommended.
I was awaiting to purchase a phone case and waited for ten minutes, no joke.  Two associates walked by without even making eye contact, they vendors were quick to find me assistance before the associates were. Not good customer service at all.
Normally this ism a great place for Prime rib.  Well the other day my wife and I went there and it was sub par (poor quality)  and over cooked. I hope this is not a trend
Excellent costumes amd great music however the show lacked the wow factor generally associated with cirque du soleil performances. Additionally there was minimal acrobatics and a weak storyline.
Stupid Idiots left a flyer on my door, but after ordering called back 10 minutes later and said it was to far to drive. WTF
Average, not a place to go out of your way to get to.  Work related stay, otherwise would not stay here.
Final warning! you will be disappointed no matter what price you pay.\nPlayed Dove Valley last year, beautiful, not now.
I wanted to go here but they didn't answer the phone and so I drove to the salon and they weren't open! Aren't they suppose to be open ?
2nd time here and I love it no complaints. The people in NC are so nice and helpful here wow just wow
Big selection of wines, but I'm constantly disappointed by their austrian and german selections. Staff can be somewhat helpful if you're a beginner, but I find that their knowledge is relatively shallow - for instance I spoke with a wine consultant that didn't know Oregon produced chardonnay.
Clearly I need to come here for breakfast because my chicken sandwich at lunch was not good. The bun was old and stale and the chicken was over cooked. The patio was cute and service was friendly. I will give it another chance in the fall.
This place was really fun. The bar is limited but the drinks they do have are very tasty. It is like a Playland for adults. Food was fantastic.
Very milky mozzarella here - excellent cheese on their pizza.  Thin NYC style slices make this a great lunch place.  Reasonable prices and usually has sufficient seating for the lunch crowd.  \n\n\nFaces the east, sharing same parking lot with Lowe's.
It's not the food. It's the attitude of the staff. Small businesses depend on neighborhood clienteles. Tc ribs do not act like a small business that appreciates their customers. It's a shame that I won't ever come back because they have lost my loyalty due to poor customer service.
Holy moly! This Little Caesars has no idea what \"Hot & Ready\" means!! I just moved to RR 2 months ago, I have been here 3 times and they have NEVER had pizzas ready. It's always at least 15-20 mins wait... Forget it!
I went in here looking for a gift.  I didn't see anything that caught my eye.  Just not my style.  \nBut I'm sure this is a nice spot for the younger crowd. \nI was really surprised they didn't have more accessories.
Greatest sushi I have ever had! My wife and I can not get enough of this place! Unbelievably awesome!!!!
Took my mom for first time ... and she loved it. I think we found our place! Thanks mandy
Not much to say about this place b/c eh, it's just okay.  I specifically told my friend I didn't want to come here but once I was a bit tipsy it was easy to convince me!  HA  The music is fun but the crowd, eh, seen better.
I can only review on the Red Velvet Cocoa. I never had it before today and all I can say is, \"Yummy!\"
Burger with an egg on it? Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!\nPerfect for familes!
I feel like maybe it was just me last time I ate here. I went today and it was great! The atmosphere is okay along with the service! But you cant beat the happy hour prices.
over priced and barely average food. wouldnt return
You can never go wrong with sushi.
Ate lunch there yesterday and had a very good patty melt.  I will eat there again and it was really reasonable too!
Not enemy 1 star. Had coconut shrimp where's the coconut and can you cook the coating so it is crispy? Shrimp was tasteless. Fish and chips were bad too absolutely zero flavor.
We love Four Peaks!\n\nGood beer. Pitchers are very reasonably priced during HH.\n\nYummy food with great vegetarian choices. How nice it is to go watch a game, nosh on upgraded vegetarian bar food, and wash it down with local brew...
They have really good subs. I suggest eating them there. They are better warm. The only problem I have right now with them is that they are so busy they have run out of soda cup lids and some of the different sodas that they offer. They are pretty clean considering that they are so busy. Friendly staff will fix problems pretty quickly.
Came with my team and hAd amazing sushi, sashimi and rolls. Service was excellent. Waiter tried to talk us into having fried chicken and that was the only item that was just kind of ok. If you are a group of 4 or more go for the blue ribbon platter. Best value!!
Good price, matches quality
I love this place, the pork sandwiches are awesome, I will go there everyday when I'm in town.
Southern Bell was the best but the cupcakes were kind of dry... Won't go back again. Cute but not very good, unfortunately.
OK cupcakes.  I wanted more flavor and sweetness.  The service was great, and they are talented artists.
No issues and no hassles when I returned something from Christmas. I didn't even have my receipt. Now that's great customer service! Target has always been a little better than Walmart. Brands are better quality and the selection is good.
Best and friendly place up in the north fresh fast and very good please stop by you will love the staff Mary works 24-7 to take care of you .local place with good karma!!!!
Great service. Drove 20 miles based on reviews. Well worth it. 2 hour estimate done in 30. Who says customer service is dead. Will use them always
The phone number listed is wrong; it is: 608-819-2290.\nThis place has lovely European-style chocolates. In particular, their tulip-shaped chocolate cups are wonderful, and are great as a serving vessel for their gelato or sorbert. Recommended.
My wife and i went for lunch the service was so bad 15 minutes for a server to ask what we needed her words ( what do you need to drink) told manager the service was bad he said well maybe next time it will be better sorry and just at this location at the chandler mall
After 7 years I have given up on this place. Pizza has gone down hill and prices have soared. Must be I am not alone, They seem to be advertising a lot to bring business back.
I'm giving this five starts because it's a bar in a chandelier.  Pretty people get dressed up and drink booze here.  \n\nExtra points for have Hendrick's and a decent Scotch selection.  Cheers!
Great food!!! And the service was pretty good to. We were shocked at how good the broth was. We will for sure be going back.
It was very disappointing, I was told how great the pizza was and I was severely let down. I actually got up and left after I had my first bite. If you are a Vegas local and want a good pizza I would highly suggest you forgo this place and instead try Pizza My Dear or Grimaldi's
What can be bad about fried chicken, waffles, Red Rooster hot sauce and a pile of Mac-N-Cheese?\n\nNothing!
They are closed
Best Breakfast in town. We drive all the way from Arrowhead Ranch for their great food.
It's alright. They wouldn't let us bring in chips or water which was ridiculous. We were stuck eating that crap hummus plate from harraea that cost $15. If you looking for a party it's ok for that.
Lame school. Waste of time and money.
The food is bland and expensive. The ribs have no flavor. The mashed potatoes were lacking taste. The only thing I liked was the Pepsi.  This place should really shut down.
The fish isn't the highest grade around but the stuff they serve is fresh and nicely proportioned.  Prices are more than reasonable and happy hour is a pretty good deal.  Nice casual place with friendly staff.
I have been going to Taquitos Jalisco for several years. I have introduced my friends and family to them and we all love it. All I can suggest is that you bring a wheel chair with you to the restaurant because they spare no expense on the portions! You may need to be wheeled out to your car...
Love this place!  Town Square needed this.
The only thing consistent about this place is how often they get my take out order wrong. I've given it lots of tries because I used to live within walking distance and it has mostly ended in regret.  \n\n The ambience when dining in feels like an arcade more than a restaurant and trying to have a conversation inside is a nightmare.
Food was good, LARGE portion, service was good too. I thought they were definitely over priced and not worth it though.  I would go back for their lunch specials but not for dinner.
Delicious vegetarian options that will nonetheless satisfy a non-veggie. Proximity to A Woman's Touch makes it the ideal place to stop in for crab cakes after a vibrator purchase.
\"Too many diiiicks on the dance floor\" -my husbands take on 1oak\n\nPromoters told us free drinks for ladies, but only three ladies could enter the open bar area at a time and I swear it was just water in Skyy vodka bottles. Oh well!
Reasonably price.  Just do you homework to ensure the comedians KNOW funny. Been several times; hit & miss. The drinks are.....well let me give an example Bottled Water $4.  Lol see even the bartender is funny.
I went in today and asked the owner if he could not cut the meat so thin and cut it a little thick and he said No, this is how I cut it. I respect that but I will not be returning, he also missed out on a large 237 people catering event for my office.
Eh it's an Ok shopping centre. I usually cut through it to reach buses quicker or go the the Poundland store that has tons of goodies. Other then that its just another mall where the kids hangout at.
The garlic nan was delicious to start off with and the chicken curry and lamb mantra were excellent. I'll be ordering to go next time and enjoy the food at home bc the service awful.
Ridiculously small portions for the amount you pay!! The employees are not friendly and seem miserable working here. You are better off paying a little more for better quality and more food somewhere else in the airport! Or just bring a lunch from home!
Not as good today.  Service was not great and eggs and meat were overcooked.   Quality is slipping
Fabulous Sunday Brunch! The staff was friendly and attentive (although our server disappeared for long periods of time).  Great experience and I would definitely go back. Request to sit inside on particularly hot days.
How come every time I come in to enjoy a meal use my tablet its so cold inside? Please adjust the temperature. thanks.
great variety menu, good food, excellent breakfast drinks.  the atmosphere is perfect for an indoor/outdoor experience.  we come here regularly and like the speed and service from the counter.
Trash cans are always full 24/7. Food is alright. Is would much rather have chipotle though. Will stop if I have no other options.
awesome buffet! lot of variety! loved their prime rib!!!!!!!!!!! SOO good! was a little disappointed with their dessert section though. sad face.\n\nsalad bar was quite withered.. didn't taste too fresh.\n\nother than that, delicious!
Nice cozy place but the service was mediocre at best. I doubt that I patronize again...unless a Groupon is involved. The server did suggest their sister restaurant in Scottsdale that serves pizza(something Pie)
Good but not as good as the Raymond Road location.
Great european style boutique hotel.  You can not beat this hotel for the money!
Horrible, overcooked noodles, burnt-tasting curry, watered-down drinks and the kicker: the worst service from the rudest male bartender. Never again. Just no.
Great friendly place... Food is above average for bar food. My goto place in the area
very dark \"old\" atmosphere and dirty feeling. The food was marginal and over priced. The service was SLOW. Disappointing.
I don't know why you would go here. There's nothing here that you can't find at the Albertson's in the same shopping center, and they charge twice the price. I seriously saw a box of cereal on sale for $8.49. Skip the hell out of this place.
Delicious! Very authentic Korean cuisine. Friendly staff and great atmosphere. Definitely will go back.
Really! $$ is so wrong. Try $$$$. This is a hotel steak restaurant. New york strip steak was average and $49. Service was ok but inexperienced.
don't use Ruben as your sales guy................the place does have good cars
The food was great but the service was not nearly as good as the food. I'm pretty sure the staff did not want to be there. Next time I'll just order take out.
it was good, but a little expensive..
Miserable rat fucks that made me wait 4 hours to put on new tires. Little rotten witch at the counter and a manager devoid of balls. I came here instead of discount to save a few bucks. Never again.
Great menu and service is fantastic. Lunch at noon with five of us took less than hour and portions. I will make this my new go to lunch spot with clients and friends alike.
Friendly staff, prompt service. Nice facility and bathroom was clean. Sitting area with massage chairs, LCD TV, magazines, and music in the background. Open covered patio with plenty of sitting area. Car was nicely was and dried.
All through November...$25 1 hour massages
Go to other Radio Shack! This Radio Shack its ok but other ones are better.
Well worth the drive for the service !!!
Gardein meatless options, massive beer selection.  Good happy hour prices.  Sit outside to see the Linq.
great shop, willing to lend me some tools to work on my fork in the parking lot... and when that didn't work helped me out with a bike rental. Well stocked shop.
This cafe was so good. The raw pizzas and burgers were excellent.  They also have a large selection of fresh juices and shakes. The Cookies and Cream' shake was my favorite.  I strongly recommend this place for any raw food enthusiast in the Vegas area.
Great bartenders. Fantastic burger cooked perfectly. Get the chicken dip it feeds an army. \nOwner on site. Great atmosphere will be a return customer\nAnd they have phone charger plug ins under the bar
Consistently good, this is a place that is dependable and predictable, fast, and provides good value. It's not perfect but when you're looking for predictably fast pleasant service it fills the bill.\n\nMartin Fuentes is part of a family that runs several Mexican restaurants in east central Illinois.
I had a friend pick up some #1 combo sandwiches and it was crispy delicious and just enough sauce. Bread was fresh and really crisp.  They called in the order and sandwiches were good to go. I think it is yummier than some of the lees in la.
Order consisted of queso, guacamole and assorted tacos. In brief lacking in flavor. The guacamole was not flavorful at all. Slow, inattentive service. Many better choices out there for mexican. Will not be back.
Great coffee!  My ONLY complaint....why, oh why do you have to close at 1:30 pm?!  That is right when I'm wanting to start heading to a coffee shop to chill and work.  ugh!
solid platform with good support. still learning how to sell it better, but I see the value in it, I just need my customers too as well.
One of my family's favorites! This location is usually pretty busy on the weekends, so be sure to get there a little early. Great service, large portions, & it's always fun to walk around Kierland before or after your meal.
The food is all spicy, not what I typically enjoy.
Over the year and half BACI has gone down hill. when he was the only business in the area he could command the price and act the way they do but since other businesses moved into the area and have a  much better product and pricing BACI need to rethink customer service and their product
One of my fav places to go. Always clean and the staff is friendly. Ive taken the office to Chipotle here in Buckeye many times and the service and food is always GREAT....\nMM  DDS
Although I strongly prefer Tex-Mex over Cali-Mex, the food here isn't bad.  I ordered take out tonight, and they only gave me half of my order... Hopefully that was a one-time oversight, but I'd still recommend checking your order carefully before you leave.
Great place to shoot.. the staff are friendly and they give military discount.. i like the range a lot it's but I prefer outside target shooting than indoor. But still a great place..the only reason i'm giving them a 4star because of their ammo price, it's definitely doubled.
Great Ambiance, Great view, Great Wait staff,  rib eye not so much. Not what I was expecting when you're paying  Ruth Criss/Flemings prices. The steak would fit nicely at Black Angus or Outback.
It's been a while since we've been here. Food was not as good as it use to be. Service was slow. Drinks are still cheap, that'd be the only thing that would bring me back
Was recently in town on business and stopped by for lunch. Pad See Ewe Shrimp. It was amazing !!! Good portion size as well.  I liked the food so much I went back the next day and tried the Pad Thai - equally as good !!  I will definitely come back here on my next trip.
Keep on Walking! Everything is Better! Bad Food Bad Attitudes Bad Service just extend your game of Dodge the Hookers & Beggars and find Any Place else !
Boba here is disgusting. Vegas got nothing compared to California's Lollicup.. Or any boba places for that matter. Vegas needs to step their boba game up.
I like the self serve line and load up all your stuff and pay at the end. As usual the frozen goodness is great.  I will go back many times this summer!
Food was quite good here, service was ok but nothing special. We got stuck in the drafty porch corner and seemed to get overlooked by servers a lot so it took awhile to get drinks. I'd give it another shot though next time i'm in Las Vegas.
Love the wings and fries! Sometimes it can get loud in there with all the drunks, but the service is always good!
Just an update.... got a sweet message from Ashley a Shea nail employee calling me a liar and using expletives. Nice business practice, and so very professional. DO NOT GO TO SHEA NAILS. Lies, overcharging, and unprofessional.
LOVED the All American. Best sandwich I had in Vegas. best part is that is open all day all night, you can have it whenever you feel like it.  yeaaaaaaaaaay.
This dentist is by far the worst I have ever been to. His manner is rude and if you won't get everything he recommends he does not seem to care. Just a mean man.
Over priced mediocre food, the atmosphere is novel with animatronic forest animals but blaring rainstorm and animal calls every 20 minutes scared more children than it enchanted. Fail
Nice lil spot... Food was ok ... Staff was great and friendly... But to me something was missing in the sense of what a deli has... Overall not bad , I'd\nGo back
Mac and Cheese was amazing, the Truffle potato chips were good too. Service was excellent,  Really can't say anything was bad about the place. A much better vibe than dining on the strip. This location caters to locals. Very happy with the new addition to Summerlin
Look for Frank the roulette dealer and bet on 20 (his lucky number) and maybe you'll get just as lucky as I did!
I love Filibertos, especially after a long night of drinking with your buddies. But this one time was probably the worst experience ever. Salty cold meat. Enough said. Just sick.
An enormous place that has everything you could possibly want. I give this hotel four stars only because the Adventuredome indoor theme park, the hotels main draw was closed.
Nice office and friendly front desk.  Medical staff pleasant and courteous.  The follow up with test results seems to be lacking, however.  I have had to call several times as I was never contacted.  I've heard the same from friends who have visited as well.
I had a great experience with Integrity a few days ago. I called them monday set up an appointment for tuesday, Chris was early and done in a flash. He explained everything to me, now I am just waiting on my gift card to come in the mail.
Very good place to get your nails beautiful. They have new massage chairs, and it's wonderful. My family comes to this place every 2 weeks. Love this place!
Three weeks later and my machine has tension problems like never before. Guess where I won't be going to get it fixed?
Worst Walmart ever.  So understaffed they shouldn't even be open.  They pages and pages for help nobody came.  Nobody knows what they are doing.  Phone just ringing off the hook.  Drive to Bell road it is worth it.
Could have been quicker, but people were relatable and had an wwesome sense of humor. Office was clean and clientele were sweet elderly ppl. Good environment
Good Day\nA week before Christmas we arrived in Las Vegas.  Visiting our daughter who lives in the area.\nTruly memorable,  great food , excellent service and the fountain show was so sweet. Christmas songs, great food,  wonderful ambience. \nWill definitely be back .
We go often and the last time it was really bad.  Pizza had no to very little sause and the crust was doughy.  They also changed the crust.  There are better places around.  Staff is nice, but not worth the risk of another bad meal. We will not be going back.
Amazing. Great food, quick service. I had the shrimp and grits. Shrimp was perfectly cooked and the salsa on top was so tasty. We shared the beignets which were very good. Coffee was the only disappointing part. Burned, blah.
The burgers, fries and shakes we were anticipating were just mediocre.  Service so sketchy that the manager finally took our order.  Much better available elsewhere with more choices, better service, location and happier employees@
Nothing fancy but great customer service and decent prices. I've came here several times and I've never had a problem. Very good at detailing.
Fun food - fun place! If you are getting a sundae, make sure to have at least 5 people to share one or you will be sorry. If you only have two people, you will both eat more than you should because they are freaking delicious and you will feel like crap!
I've only been there twice and both times it was a long wait and following the wait my order was wrong. I'm not very happy with this place
Lame. Don't believe the fat old bald guy out front that says it's illegal to use anything but their drivers. He's a liar. Use uber. It's cheaper.
First visit here and was very impressed with both the sushi and the service.  The sushi chef was extremely attentive.  The Ahi Tower was a real high point of the dinner and definitely a do-again.
My husband and I both got the 16 oz. rib eye steak. My steak was cooked right but his was way under cooked. Service was good but regardless of tonights dinner ill probably come back in the near future.
Aloft is it!  I love the new hotel smell and the staff here is nice, friendly and not uptight like you do in other chains.  great bed, great shower, great TV!  There is also a nice outdoor pool and an outdoor lounge area with a fireplace and that is awesome!
Being an expat Brit, this place speaks to me. It as close as I've seen in the US to a real British pub. The decor is authentically pub style, it's cosy and inviting and I recommend it highly.
Came for drinks and a bite to catch up with a friend. Great beer selection. Very pleasant wait staff with good knowledge of beer list. Reminds me somewhat of Capital Ale House in Richmond, VA. I'll be back.
This is a great little place for after you eat dinner at one of the restaurants in the villiage. They have a great selection and lots of specialty treats as well.
Dirty. \n\nPlenty to look at....
This is nothing close to Mexican food, I ordered a burrito that was grease and nasty.
Staff has a \" don't give a shit attitude \" with a big old smirk on their face. You ask a question and they look at you like you are an idiot. Not very organized. Very disappointed as I used to love this place.
Its open late and always hits the spot.  Fries in a paper bag and gyron to go with lots of white sauce on the side.  I've eaten here when not totally drunk and the food is good.  The greek salad and gyros are always a safe bet.
Thought they had fresh food. I guess not. Don't ever come here! Got a really bad stomach ache from eating their food
I agree with all other reviews regarding the poor customer service skills At this location. \nWon't be back. They act like they don't need customers.
Bought an offer off Groupon..  It's nice here..  It's so zen right when you walk in..  I loved it and Yo is wonderful! She cares about her patients takes her time..  I will definitely be coming back! Thank you Yo!
This in truth had been my first \"Cajun\" eats.\n\nThe atmosphere was cool.\nThe service was good.\nThe food was rich and filling.
Food wasn't that great to over seasoned and small portions. Their large apple juice was so small it was funny. The service was below average also pretty let down by this place
Very nice and friendly staff. Quick at what they do and it looks amazing. Love them definitely coming back. Very pleased with their services.
A little light on the toppings when you order by the slice. They have a good selection of beer and every seat in the dining room has view of a TV. Service is friendly but a little slow. The back patio is lovely and inviting.
Delivered fast and hot.  Crust good sauce to sweet
OMG. So glad we found this place. Breakfast was delicious. I had hotlinks, eggs, homemade biscuits. husband had liver and onions, eggs etc. Friendly, helpful staff. Not a fancy place but food is first rate with reasonable prices. Recommend highly!
Went on Valentines day. Big mistake, place was so overbooked our waitress was ready to cry. Also, felt like a high school re-union, nothing but teenagers.\nFood was good but drink service was slow.
I use to live walking distance to this place and I went once a week! I have tried almost all of the pasties and they are super delicious. My all time favorite is the Portobello Chicken one! I miss this place the service is great and the food is amazing!!!
Great food.  Overpriced.
California Turkey Burger over greens with fresh jalapenos, sprouts, cucumber, tomatoes, and a side of ranch! Great burgers with tons of flavor and nice shakes too!  Check this place out when you're in town.
Decided to treat my wife to a new look. Salon Faith did themselves proud. This is now her new hair salon. Very talented staff!  Professional, pleasant & great experience.
The staff is friendly but so slow. I had to wait an hour in line and there was only 20 people ahead of me. 3.5 stars u think they would do something about it
Ah, Fu Lam Frig\nWhat do you expect? This is your typical chinese food buffet.\nDon't come with expectations of golden dragons and culinary masterpieces. Just come with the munchies!\nFriendly staff and tasty food
Just had this for the first time yesterday. I assume that the woman taking my order was new because she wasn't aware of certain things on the sandwiches. The order was made promptly but she actually forgot to add on one of my sandwiches. Other than that, very fresh bread and quality meat.
Food is good, but this is one of those places where a lot of the rolls have sexual names; the sushi chefs wear tshirts with disgusting sexual phrases on them. Also, they don't take the digestive tract vein out of their shrimp. This grossed me out.
The service has gone way down! I'm a long time customer and their treatment of customers like myself is not to be desired.
Friendly folks, good coffee (although they were out of salt for the Salted Caramel Mocha). Plenty of parking & seating... Only gave 3 stars because all the chairs are uncomfortable wooden chairs, no comfy chairs. Otherwise, all good.
I've been here for Sunday brunch a few times, amazing. The only thing I would say was the waitress was rushing us out. That was a pure turn off especially since it was my friends first time. I would definitely be back, planning to check out their dinner menu.
Ate here on a Saturday night. In no way compares to rodeo drive location. Outside of a helpful barkeep and some very fresh mignonette oysters food was disappointing, especially the chewy calamari but also chicken sausage pizza which was underwhelming.
Hot damn, could this be a new obession!?!? My thighs say NO my heart says HELL YES
My wife and I's favorite place, we love the prime rib sukiyaki and the fun that comes with making it the way we like it.
Fantastic prices - my fleece was \u00a315 - and a good selection of gear given the size of the store.
Mediocre at best. Not too tasty. Salsa blah, beans and rice too salty. Only thing I feel confident in recommending is the Mexican pizza app w/ chicken. Big enough to share.  Other than that, the price is too expensive for the food served.
I'm seriously addicted to this place and so is everyone I've introduced to it. Please open a location in south Charlotte!
Don't judge this restaurant by its exterior. Good fish and well done sushi. The staff and sushi men are fantastic and have a great memory for return customers! An oasis in the TJ Maxx parking lot.
Everything about this place was good, the employees, the menu, the food. I've tried other Spam Musubis around the area, best ones in my opinion are at this place. I've tried the chicken and steak from other Hawaiian food chains as well, nothing compared to these guys, there's a reason there #1
My family and I went to this restaurant today. There were bunch of traveler from travel agency. They didn't even to come to our table even after pushing call button 5 times. Meat wasn't good as it was before. Not going back again.
They arrived 30 minutes before the expected delivery time and the food was pipping hot. The crab puffs and sweet and sour chicken were delightful. The person taking our order on the phone was also helpful with size recommendations.
They have been closed the last few times I've tried to go. I don't know if it is permanent or if they moved or what.  This was one of my favorite stores so I would like to know if they relocated.
Long time favorite place of mine.  I stick with the Cheese Steak and can never finish a full one.  If you order in, you get fries included.\n\nThey usually have some cheaper specials for kids.
The box office is a bit disorganized, with the show starting at 530 and the box office barely opening at 5. This does not give people enough time to get their tickets and see the show.  Plus you get in late, you also don't get your drink order in.
So tasty...the ranch is yummy! One day I will conquer the pizza challenge!
Just your typical small town post office. Service is always pretty quick & the lines aren't entirely too long. They have all your mailing needs along with post office boxes as well. So nothing special, just your typical post office.
It is what it is. There are better and worse In The area. Fortunately, there are many options within a 2 mile radius.
Good coffee, great service.
Another awesome visit without friends at Taxco. Chicken Quesadilla with a side of rice. Shredded chicken with a scoop of white cheese sauce.
go to the reverse happy hour where reasonably edible sushi is served at reasonable prices amidst, in the instance of our  visit, barely legal drinking aged crowd. in a mall. nuff said.
I went to this place when they just opened and the quality was much better!
I had the prosciutto pizza which was pretty good.  It was listed as a pesto based pizza, instead of marinara, but I like the 4-cheese pesto one way better.  The location was nice and we were able to watch a live show going on next door in the Venetian.
Oh yum! I haven't had really good pho in a long time! New favorite place! AND really good service =)
Not perfect, but easy and efficient. I have the speed pass which is great, especially in monsoon season. The people always have big smiles when guiding and helping you out.
My kids love this place but they only get 4 stars because they don't have one in Scottsdale, yet (hopefully).    Lots of different flavors and prices that won't hurt your wallet.  This is an inexpensive treat the whole family will enjoy.
Very nice farmers market in a nice location. Not a ton of variety, but the basics were covered. Had breakfast and leone cafe and shopped. There was even some nice live music.
This place is hit or mess. On a good day they're a great place to eat and a good value with excellent service. On a bad day they can be horrible.
Ceasar salad was great, but adding chicken cost $6. Very pricy.
3.5 stars\n\nThe venue is big for Vegas club and always has great DJs spinning. Drink prices are just as bad as NY prices (maybe worse for Patron shots).
If you know any children, bring them here. They will love you forever. \n\nIf you dont know any children, bring your adult friends...especially girls.. \nEveryone likes chocolate.
Excellent selection, prices & customer service!
Wide selection and ok prices. I've been waiting for the last 2 hours to pick up my rental equipment. No obvious system to help service people.
Once again a spendid dinner at the Outback Steakhouse.  If you want superior service Ask For Scott he is THE MAN
Everything is great great great! One of my favorite places!
Looks like they are closed for good.
Oh yeah.  I was there in the late 90s and loved it. \nMy first trip back to Charlotte in 15 years and this place was my first stop. \nExcellent meal, especially the crawfish appetizer.  No way I wait that along again before getting back out there!
I was absolutely amazed by the service and the food. I can't think of one bad thing to say . The lobster macaroni was amazing and so was the crab cake. Everything was made with fresh ingridents. It was easy to get a reservation and everyone was very friendly!!!
My big special meal was not very.Rooty or tooty! the plate looked like it was anorexic! didn't look good at all
It does not compare with it's main competitor. I often go and leave. Some of the rudest people in retail.\nI go strictly due to proximity. Not for knowlege , selection, knowledge or price.
I'm tired of coming home and finishing my car!  Even when I ask them to clean specific areas they always need a 2nd or 3rd reminder!
Good Pho, but paying almost 10 dollars for a large pho in AZ is ridiculous.  Pho is cheaper in Hawaii and Hawaii is expensive.
went here for a business meeting the food was ok not great but i loved there queso cheese the services was great
Party America is no longer open. The landlord has seized the property with everything inside and it hasn't shown signs of reopening since January 2012. Wish I'd known that before making the trek out to Chandler.
We stopped here because their dinner special was reasonable. It was about $20 for some sushi, one drink, a salad, and miso. Overall it wasn't nearly as good as the sushi I've had in LA, but the salad was at least good and I left full
Read the reviews and decided to give Corbin's a try. We had a wonderful waiter until it was the end of his shift......my wings were cooked so hard that I could not enjoy them and the scallops were raw on the inside....however, get anything with the bacon they serve it was delicious!
Awesome show.  Had a great time and kept us laughing the whole time and definitely kept us amazed.  Penn & teller engaged the audience as well in various tricks.  I won't say much about the performance because I don't want to give anything away, but it is definitely a must see show while in Vegas.
Nice and clean but there wasn't but there wasn't more than two people there. Had drinks only with great service.
yummy food
My wife and I went on 08/30/2012 about 5:00pm food not good at all but the beer was very cold if you go just get beer The staff not bad
Straciatella is bomb. S African dark chocolate is bomb too. My kids loves it. Our first\nTime here ..
I went to optic gallery after having a terrible experience at LensCrafters.  I immediately felt welcome and the friendly staff helped me find the perfect frame.  Will definitely come back!!
I was new to the area from Illinois four years ago and went there by chance because it was close and I needed an oil change. I have been going back since, Rick also from Chicago was always helpful and professional. It is not easy to find a good reliable repair shop, but this is one you can trust!
Way overpriced for a less than average meal. I ordered the steak special, at $20. it was very disappointing.   Decor, service, noise level were all good but the meal killed it for me. I was not impressed, we won't be back ..
If you have to see a Doctor urgently this is the place to go. \n\nGood location.\nPlenty of parking.\nFree coffee and wifi in the small waiting room.\nFriendly staff.\nQuick service.
Ingredients are fresh, portions aren an appropriate size (meaning no so big you enter a food coma upon departure), and their \"Street Corn\" is amazing. The staff is nice and welcoming, as well. Refreshing to go into a place an be actually greeted with smiles. Good job, you Chica Locas!
A very fun hookah lounge. The servers are very friendly and they always check up on you if you need more drinks or if your hookah is up to par.
Always seems to be an attractive place for brunch/lunch with its bright, open feel in the middle of the meadows. However, I always find myself unimpressed with the selection for brunch and you have to be lucky to get a sandwich at lunch as when they sell out at 2pm they may refuse to make more.
So apparently 9 out of the 9 employees working today were new? They all were standing around with a confused look on their face. California Turkey was nothing special.
This place has a pool!!! Best indoor stadium I've seen. But the Giants are still a better team.
I felt like I was eating uncooked variations of cat. No selection. One of the choices was \"ear.\" Maybe it was just a culture shock but I was NOT a fan. Ick!
Service was terrible. Could not imagine such a fine dining restaurant lacking service.
Foods okay.. Taste is good but too oily and greasy.. Cleanliness is okay too.. They have restroom and tv.. But less 2 star for the employees are rude not even greeting and smiling at all..
This store has a great location. However there prices are over priced and almost close to retail. Even on there 50% off days, items are still not that good of a deal compared to getting items online or even other stores.
Excellent place off the strip. Good for couples, families, friends--especially people out of town looking for something without a slot machine in it, and yet, with delicious, local food.
Love this place!  Everything I have tried is excellent!  I love ordering online and doing takeout.  Great healthy yummy food!
I have only had the pizza here.  Did not impress me, just fair to average pizza.  I have no plans to try it again.
My wife and I have breakfast there every week. We shopped around but no one matches the French toast at goldfingers.  I also recommend the pancake sandwich.  The lunch/ dinner options are ok but the breakfast is elite.
Love the food and the service! Take the grandchildren there and they love it as well!
I was were almost every day for two months studying for an exam and this place was awesome. The coffee was excellent, the baristas were very nice and they let me just sit as long as I want in quiet. The coffee is also the best in Pittsburgh, in my opinion and the patio is great.
Mr. Beijing delivers!! Just @offthestrip this place has cheap food and great chicken.\nThe fried rice was ok but I've had much better and the wontons were good too.\nFor late night delivery keep this place on the list.
Great customer service, fun specialty drinks and menu items but way overpriced. Great view so I guess that's what you're paying for.
I LOVED this restaurant. It's a great place to get away from all the hustle and bustle of Vegas. Quiet, delicious food, and Angela, the bartender is awesome!
Dry nasty expensive burgers!! I almost choked on one of their burgers because it absorbed all the spit in my mouth. If you want a great cheap burger go to In and Out. Not much more to say.
Yelpers let me down on this one! Poor service and dessert combinations that were mediocre. This place was a let down.
Only been there once but I loved it. I'll be going back to try more of the menu.
Best BBQ in town gotta get the chili and the bread pudding the half chicken falls off the bone absolutely delicious!!!!
Went for one beer on a fight night. Bad idea! It was too crowded, too hard to score drinks, and the waitresses were grumpy even to my guy friends I went with. \nTwo stars for the music, and the bathroom being pretty cool. But there are better places to go.
As other people have said the service here is hit or miss.  Like other car washes they try to up sell you other services and yes they have a windshield salesman there who tries to get you to repair any chips you have.  Just an average car wash but the kids do enjoy being able to stay in the car as it goes through the car wash.
Careful.  Scheduled for pickup and delivery to airport.  Cab driver never showed up. Dispatcher kept extending updated ETA to the point I had to cancel and call a friend for a ride to avoid missing plane.  Narrowly avoided missing flight.
Wings in Buffalo aren't usually breaded. I can't stand breaded Buffalo wings. The sauces were good, I can't deal with the breading. The redeemer for this place is that they serve Roast Beef on Kimmelweck. I did not try it, I am sure it was decent though.
Decent pizza! Better than any other chain I have tried.
Terrible service for overpriced moderate quality sushi in a roach infested strip mall. Skip this and head down to New Zealand cafe for something much better.  See my photo of the roach in the biz photos.
Not recommending. Out of 7 menu items, we enjoyed only 2. Extremely disappointing.
It was terrible. The service was slow and the hibachi chef did not seem like he wanted to be there. The family sitting next to me and my parents asked the chef to do tricks and he barely did any and that is the whole point of going to a place like this. Very expensive and not worth your time.
Took my parents to see an up and coming comic. Allow me to do some situational math. 4 people + 8 drinks(required 2 drink minimum) = $97 dollar dink bill. When is this ever acceptable??? Way over priced drinks! I feel like someone stole from me, considering the price of alcohol bought in stores.
My daughter and her junior high friends LOVED this place.  Gotta go with her rating which is top notch.
I've definitely had better tacos and pricing elsewhere, is was just ok. I'll try the one in tempe next time, maybe it will be better. Horchata wasn't that great either:( salsa and meat had no taste! The meat was dry and sad looking... boo maybe 2 stars?
Phenomenal New York Pizza! One if the best pizzas I have ever had in my life. Very delicious. The service was top notch here and very fast as well. It is very affordable pricing along with a cozy setting. :) Highly recommend this place!
Had a relaxing and good breakfast with friends on the patio, this is a great way to start a day in Vegas!
We came in when the restaurant was empty on a Saturday afternoon. The waitress/bartender was in the middle of eating king but briskly got to her feet and gave us attentive and thorough service. We were in and out just how we wanted with satiated taste buds!
Prices are STUPID. God forbid you order a Sam Adams Double Agent Seasonal beer - it's $7.00. Yes. $7 for one pint of a beer that is $8.00 for a six pack at any store. Total bullshit.
Currently staying at the hotel and no WiFi in my room...tried the Ethernet cable and no luck. Called for help and front desk was clueless. Typed this on my own phone. Stay somewhere else.
I suddenly only remember the music; which was amazing. The outdoor area was really relaxing after a long flight from Seattle. \n\nBroccoli; umm... not that great. Food was really not all that impressive. \n\nThe atmosphere won me over. Not sure I would go back.
The worst service of any bojangles I've been to. The orders rarely come out right. How hard can it be to put chicken in a box?
I've been to Coach outlets in California & have always been given coupons to use upon entering the store. I was disappointed I was just greeted with a hello here at Las Vegas. I could have gotten the exact same clutch back home with an additional 30% off. Oh well...what happens in Vegas!
The service (arrival of food) was QUICK!  The pricing absolutely affordable.  Pleasant folks.  We're going to go back one more time before we go on a road trip.    This place is more affordable in comparison to many breakfast/brunch places.
Delicious Tapas, comfortable atmosphere... definitely stop by and check it out!
I wish I lived closer, I know it is not NYC,  but I enjoyed the theater and the performance.  I had a fantastic time watching Ten Chimneys, it was a fun show.
It's one of the few places in town with good fondue and Sunday nights with 1/2 off steaks
Great spa for locals! Close to the strip but not packed! Affordable pricing and actually an amazing service. The 50 minute massage is the way to go.
food was ok however the service could have been better.. My wife and I didn't get our drinks until after we were done with our salads.
Small local Thai restaurant with great food.The customer serVice is Amazing for such a small busy place. We were greeted right away and our food came out fast and hot. I Got the drunken noodles and even my picky eater son loved it! The Thai tea is good too!
Good ice cream, mediocre service and a bit overpriced in my opinion.
Games are fun and my child enjoys it.  It is HOT and very crowded!  Lots of kids not be supervised.  Also, DO NOT EAT THE FOOD, nasty is a nice word for it!!
Great Coffee and deserts!!!
Driving range rocks
We tried this on Yelp reviews and I concur.  The service was first rate, the food delicious and the prices really reasonable.  I tried curry, this was the best I've had in Vegas yet.  Will definitely be returning!!!!!
The food is good, but will never measure up to the boiling crab EVER.  Service sucks yo.
been going here for years now and it has never disappointed-always fast service no matter how busy
If you need your Starbucks fix before your flight, all airport Starbucks don't accept any member reward promotions or any other promotions that every other Starbucks outside the airport accept. Also, they didn't accept any gift cards or rewards card.
I like this Resturaunt . It's always consistent in its meal perpetration and regardless of time of day I always get a seat. The service is great never had a bad server.  Seems priced right and could easily be my favorite neighborhood Resturaunt
I've been here twice now and I'm not impressed. The food isn't bad but there is nothing special about it either. I definitely won't be back unless someone makes me.
Although its busy almost every hour of the day, I've never waited for a machine. They have enough for an army.
Good food. Please note they do not honor their 15% off coupon. We ended up here from our several choices with this in mind.
Just had the buffet.  Not my favorite.  Poorly laid out and crowded.  Lines at every station.  Table service was poor.  I think the buffet at the Mirage is way better.
I love this place! food was great and the service was good. Pizookie is aaamazing! def  a good date night place, or even just to hang out with friends!
Previous owner was terrible, new owner is great. Food is much better than it was, and service is as well. If you stopped by before and had a bad experience, definitely give it another shot.
Good in a pinch, but nothing to write home about. For very good Thai food, check out Thai-Lana on Indian School.
Poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality. Nothing tasted bad but it was way too expensive. I would recommend Capital Grille over Morton's.
Sarah A and I came here during restaurant week and enjoyed a fantastic meal.  We both got different dishes for each course which was nice because we could sample each others.  I even got a succulent salad which was crunchy and refreshing.  I'll be back with Alex C.
Had the chili releno and white corn tamale. Yummo! For a mainstream Mexican restaurant the food was good still good. Just a bit too pricey when you can get the same or better at other places.
Good bread, decent selection and low prices. A decent sandwich for lunch. Nothing awesome..just adequate. Don't mind going here but not something I am going to look forward to.
Expected more than a broken toilet bowl lid and a dripping ceiling all over casino floor. Never coming here again. Don't even have a coffee maker
This place was fast , friendly and delicious !! Although i got a bit lost with finding it since the maps on here was directing me to a different location, it was definitely worth the bit of the hassle. Great customer service :)
Descent food, of course it's not autentico. Free chips, salsa, & wifi though.
A good place to go if you want to low roll.
I LOVE Coldstone.. When it comes to getting ice cream, I get it here. I try and go here every few weeks. Staff are great, however, I always tip and they NEVER sing. I thought they where supposed to sing when you tip them!
Super fun, interactive sushi chefs when sitting at the sushi bar! Jay's Burrito is my favorite. Very nice prices for good sushi!
Stopped by for the first time and ordered the lox bagel sandwich. It was good although they were a bit skimpy on the lox...come on man! I was surprised they offered pancakes and omelettes so I most likely come back to try those out.
wow the worst service I've ever received they mangled my finger nails I left crying no exaggeration do not go there!!!!!
We went with the all American, the roast pork tenderloin, the chorizo , sloppy Johns , and finished it off with the garlic herb fries.  Great taste and quality.  Finished our meal off with a cupcake.  You guys nailed it, great job!!!!!
Overpriced and 2 weeks later i call to find out where my computer is and they say \"It's on the bench , just finishing up\" twice this happened. $149 quote at lessors and $75 at another place and they called in one day.
Not the typical Nathan's quality and ridiculously overpriced. $28 for two people. No thanks.
Always delicious with good servers. Pulled pork, fries, and fried chicken is all really good!
Service = fast, fast, fast!\n\nI love how fast everything comes out here. The speciality rolls are pretty awesome- great selection and combinations.... I love the Harry Potter! This is a great place to go for all you can eat sushi!
I want badly to love this place but  the few times I've gone I've been disappointed:(  the cc's are fine, just fine.
The spicy yellowtail roll was decent, the lunch special baked salmon wasn't good. The salAd was weak sauce.. Restaurant is too quiet n the service could've been more enjoyable.. I'd go somewhere else next time I crave sushi
When I came to Vegas this place got so much talk but really these were the worst tacos I've ever had in my life the meat was so gross I couldn't even eat them! Not to mention the horrible service! definitely NEVER coming back!!!
I love this place. It has a charm all its own, and when a good soaking is needed outside under the stars in AZ, this is one of my favorite respites. Thank you!
Ordered the salt and pepper calamari to tide me over and a glass of pinot grigio.  No hint of salt or pepper on what once upon a time might have been calamari.  Thank god for Oregon and its pinots.  Memo to self: dont change planes in Charlotte if you will be needing feeding.
Downtown Summerlin is an exceptionally cool place to walk around, shop and eat at. Not everything was open yet when we checked it out on a warm Sunday afternoon, but you could already feel just how cool it is there. Definitely worth checking out.
I thought this place was awful. The service was super slow. The portions were small, prices were mid range but given the portion size disappointing. The food was generic. I could have made a better meal at home. I will not return.
Green & Good juice from \"J\" Love - Excellent!  Very nice staff they provided samples of various juices. All of them tasted pretty good.  I will be back for more Love Juice... aka G&G... and a few others....
Walked through this hotel multiple times when I was in Vegas.\n\nThe interiors, decorations and architectures were really nice. The shopping areas looked okay, despite them being a bit pricey.\n\nThe fountain shows were always fun to watch!
We did not enjoy the food...The staff was polite.
Outstanding
There were pop rocks in my \"popping spicy crab roll\" it literally popped in my mouth.  POP ROCKS really! Sushi chefs everywhere are embarassed. \n\n'Nuff said.
Ok place with a wide ranging menu.  Nice and relativey quiet given it is in a casino,
Zero. 15 people in dinning room. Took half an hour for appetizers. Still waiting on the main course. N took 10 min to get a beer. Shouldn't half to wait an hour to get a burger. Never again.
OMG they had the best banana foster gelato ever except it was $7.99 for  small child size!! Yes that is crazy I spent that much but it was there so I just went for it.  I could have walked away but it was the last day so whatever! So glad it tasted good!
My boyfriend and I dined in and thoroughly enjoyed it. Food was good and our hostess/waitress was great!!! Good food, great service, great price.
Thorough friendly and fast. What more could you want from your eye doc? Very impressed with their knowledge and speedy service. I will return to Dr Heffelfinger and Dr Maynard again.
Love their in house craft brews! The Ipa was inexpensive and very tasty. The food was great too. The best fried pickles I ever had.
Best when you need to escape the madness for good pizza!
These Australian guys have mastered the Motown sound.  They've been singing  as a group for 21 years and still enjoy what they do.  It was a great rendition of the Motown Sound's legacy of music!
I have been to a a lot of different places to get tires in the past 10 years, and this was by far the best experience I have had. They were fast and efficient, courteous and friendly, and I was in and out in less than 20 minutes. I definitely will come back
The colors bother me....really.\n\nLooks like a can of Chef Boyardee at Chuck E Cheeses.
This place has great pizza. Some of the best. I can understand the fan following. I just can't stand the excessive wait. I get it, but waiting 2 1/2 hours for pizza is not how I want to spend my evening. But the food is fantastic, so give it a try and decide for yourself. Just bring a book.
What great ice cream and wonderful coffee drinks! Comfortable place to hang out and food is good too! Love watching kids who go there... they seem to be smart and enjoyable. Service is always friendly. Love it.
Decent selection ok prices but very lacking on customer service. I was a good customer when they were on Boulder Hwy but this place now has changed. Too bad, I liked the old crew who were good guys.
Just ok. Tiny cupcake and the texture is too soft, and scant amount of frosting for a regular size.
Great place for the kids to hang out, eat some cheap pizza and play some games.
Good breakfast, inexpensive and fast
I always get nervous trying a new esthetician for my brows but I went in to see Erin Lavelle and OMG I love my brows!!! She keeps them still full looking with the perfect arch!! -- I am hooked!
Nice decor and atmosphere, family owned, reasonably priced, great friendly service. During the cooler months when the patio opens up, this place is gonna rock. This one goes on the \"regular\" list. Second time we showed up, a bunch of our friends were already there!
The selection is not as many as I have expected. The plastic lobsters are for display only. The pasta is very salty and the Chinese BBQ dishes look scary. The desserts are top notched so there are extra points for that.
No matter how any times they tell me that this is the friendliest airport over the PA system, it still doesn't make it true..\n\nThe good thing is that the security lines are short the majority of the time.
Terribly ran! We will never be back to this location. Food takes forever and it doesn't come out right. The wait staff is slow and management has no clue.
Overpriced. Dry pork. \nSpecials don't save much. \nTea is good.\nYou want some great BBQ, ribs, etc? Go to Hap's BBQ on Washington st. and 52nd st. Next to samurai Sam's.
DO NOT EVER GO HERE!!!! Especially do not use Laura!! Had to have redo my hair twice!!!! And I still got charged for her screw up the day before my college graduation!
Massive menu for both sushi and \"savory\" stuff. Salads and dressings are really nice. Honestly, I've been there about 4 or 5 times and the food doesn't WOW me, but it's not bad considering the location and price. Nice wait staff, relatively low wait time. Pretty decent!
This place has horrible smoothies! I basically paid $5 for a 711 slurpee, it had so much ice and was not sweet . I took a sip and threw it away! Never again! I'm sticking to making my own at home !
Cute and cozy place that we found as visitors to Las Vegas, very friendly service and the price is truly reasonable.  Def worth driving outside the main strips to find this place.
Star of India does Indian with white tablecloths and silver serving dishes.  Regardless of whether or not it says spicy on the menu, it isn't unless you consider onions spicy.  Good food, but nothing great.
this is my go to place when i'm in vegas!!! sallyann is the bomb.com waitress!!! love her!!!!!
I stumbled upon this place and was pleasantly suprised! The beauticians were friendly and great at what they do. I got  a hair cut and a steam treatment, it was awesome! And the prices are low! woowho!!!
Hmm...sadly, not enough menu... :( ... Margarita would've been awesome, till I found a \"Fruit Fly\" in my drink...hmm... other than that, staff were great and great location...
There is no self-serve kiosk at this location.  The line was only 4 people deep with one teller so it wasn't too bad.  When I got up to the counter the woman was helpful and pleasant.  I had no idea this location even existed and it's close to my home so I shall return.
Stay in Luxor towers as a free complimentary upgrade;no Wifi; use Mandalay bay's; DO NOT eat at any restaurant within the hotel!!
Best part of the meal was 3 olive dude vodka.didnt care for the empanadas like all the good reviews. The meatloaf sandwiches were bland. Sweet potato fries were hot. Beans cold. Rice was tasty. Meal for 4 people 75.00 wow
Great food, one of the best green curry dishes I have ever had. The pad thai could be a little better but that's just being but picky.
Absolutely love this place. Great group workout sessions, humongous pool, 6 tennis courts, and a yummy smoothie bar. Not to mention the sauna and steam room.
Ridiculously huge apple fritters. Delicious sprinkle donuts. Grab a milk to go with it! Best donuts in Madison.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of Los Dos Molinos.  The food is great, but hot.
Cheap,abundant food of so-so quality. Ambience is very poor. It is dirty and messy. And there is in no real service.  But dirty cheap if that is what you are looking for in a restaurant.
These guys are top-notch! Great job at a great price. We have an old Benz that they keep in perfect driving order for us. Nice guys too, (Mike is wonderful) and they have rental car service at a discount. Highly recommend!
Izzz just a fuckin hotdoggggg mannnn I don't understand what all the hype is about
The food was very good. Huge portions! So come hungry! The service was pleasant. The only problems we had were that they gave us dirty plates when we asked for extra plates and they screwed up our check.
Orange chicken is delicious! Seriously... Get the orange chicken. I have tried other things on the menu and have never been disappointed. The staff are really friendly which is a nice change compared to other places in the anthem/north phoenix area. If your looking for good take out this is the best place around.
Wow...why has it never occurred to me to go here?? I love taking pictures and this is a perfect photo op!! The line can be long so if you don't want to wait you can always stand off to the side and take the pictures with the sign in the background. There's also parking spots available
Fantastic flavoring, you can choose your own toppings and it is ll reasonably priced. They were also extremely friendly and efficient. We have been back twice since it opened! Welcome to Maricopa!
Total BS. Just don't go. Bar sucks. Rude employees. Liars. Nothing free about the wristbands, seriously a whole lotta LAME.
First time here to benefit Wildhorse Horse Ranch!  Great food and service. You have to try the \"muffins\"!
I was struggling between a 3 & 4 star. It was ok. Nothing happened to make it bad or great. I guess I would go again if I happened to be in the area.
Bobby is back!!!! Food is fantastic , happy hour is the best deal in town to eat and drink!!! Happy to see the faces that make it even better than it was at Flamingo and Jones.  Don't bother with the copy cats.... Go to the real deal!!!
Not impressed. I have no idea how they have great reviews. I have filled out the online quote request three times over the last few days but the company never responded. Guess ill be going with other movers.
Takeout takes very long some times. I usually call to order the food so it would be ready for pickup. I went there when they told me it would be ready (about 30min from the call) and I ended up waiting another 30min there.\n\nAwesome $5 lunch special on Saturdays!
We had an extra $20 added to out bill for nothing and the food is mediocre.
Almost two decades and never disappointed.
It is no boiling crab. The spices were a bit off. Service was slow. Our orders mixed up, hence, our bill took some figuring out.
Diffident waiter, over salty and over sauced food, over cooked soggy vegetables. Careless and sloppy presentation.
Always a good time for plenty of alcohol, drunk tourist, and good music! Best in the warm weather!
Come get your nails for New Year's. You will be so amazed at how beautiful your nails and toes will be
had a groupon and now kind of wish i didn't was hoping for a good dog but ended up with an upset belly
Excellent service. Wonderful menu. Easily accessible from Vegas Strip hotels. Wonderful  chocolate souffle.
Big portions of veggies which is huge in my book. The chicken and the key lime pie were both phenomenal, as was the service, especially the manager (?) Domingo who helped my mom make a substitution because of her allergies. We'll be back!
Kind of nice, but what it is ultimately is best summed up by my roommate's friend: essentially an \"orange shower curtain.\"
Went here to get my comforter cleaned. When I got it back I noticed many burn marks all over it. Avoid this place
This place is horrible. The service is second rate and the estimates are through the roof. A poorly run company by poorly organized people
The Iowa cafe is moving its location to Higley and Brown The food is good and like the claim it taste home cooked friendly wait staff good service quaint atmosphere I ordered the home made meatloaf and mashed potatoes there were smothered with a brown gravy $7.95 good food good price
The restaurant ambiance and food was very good. We are vegetarians and often struggle to find good food outside and this was a perfect place for us. We ordered Buddha's delight and other tofu curry with rice. It was delicious. The prices are reasonable.
Beautiful inside...nice rooms and some nice restaurants. Don't go to the buffet, pretty yucky.  Love the bartender/drinks at Lemongrass--ask for Shaw (sp?).
Food is really average and bland, not what I was hoping for by any means. Weird place in general, not an atmosphere I enjoyed or wanted to come back to anytime soon.
Provides a great view of the city and a wonderful landmark on the Edinburgh skyline.
I love there home made hot mustard and there won ton soup is the best i ever had. My only complaint is I wish they would make it spicy when I ask for it. Come on try to hurt me.
Great Service and Awesome food.  Everybody at the restaurant goes out of their way to make sure you have a wonderful experience.  I really enjoyed the lobster potstickers, the sushi and butterfish.  Roy's Las Vegas is a restaurant that you must try if you are in town.  I would recommend making reservations in advance.
I went to this restaurant recently for dinner.  Service was bad overall with the food being fair.  The crab cakes were dry along with the pizza crust being burnt.  Took forever for the food.  Will probably not return here.
Best Calzone i have ever had!
This used to be good, until i got a room that was well.. Musty in odor and no Wi-Fi\n\nI found a bug in my room.... Well, that was not a good experience. \n\nIt could be better...
We like the Pho Special...I don't really know how authentic the place is but we like to dine-in and carry out from here about once a month.
Update 27-Dec-09\n\nGone!  Out of business.  There is some other Pizza joint there now.
I really enjoy this place!  \n\nSomething that you have to really experience to appreciate!!
Happened along this place and saw the owner who used to cook at another favorite restaurant we love.. the anitpasto salad, and crazy good chicken are our faves. The garlic knots and pizza are out of this world.. we will be back for sure the service was impeccable..
Not even worth 5 dlls. They need to put more effort in the food.  The French Toast were really hard,  couldnt even bite. The only good thing was the fresh fruit, not even the fresh made omelets were good.  Was very disappointed in their breakfast.
I personally think its a little pricey for a buffet that taste like any other buffet,don't get me wrong I like it,the selection is wide ranging,with the different foods from various countries,just wish it was a little less expensive
Should have known better than to eat in a place so dark that you can't see the food on your plate. Underwhelming and overpriced.
Closed.
Nothing stood out to me. Passion fruit cocktail was mediocre. Passion fruit sangria was disgusting. Tacos were average. Appetizers strange.
The staff is friendly and attentive. Too bad the food is so limited and not too impressive. There's some good items, but there's better places not to far for the same price point.
Just another cirque entertaining show... lots of awesome circus acts with unbelievable props. they do let you take pics without flash... Yea..  Large cast of entertainers.
Absolutely horrible! I miss the old Brat and Brau! Freezer burn flavor burger and broken broccoli cheese soup were not worth the money.   And the manager needs to go to class learning about customer service. Not going back!
Had my monthly inventory at work. I ordered 21 burritos. 21 employees satisfied! Everything was awesome !
Best spicy chips ever....\n\nAnd quesadilla was made quite well...am coming back  \n\nSalsa verse is awesome
This was my first experience cracking whole crabs and is was great.  Fresh, tasty and extra affordable on Tuesdays. It's a great spot to eat when you have some time to roll up your sleeves and get messy.
I love this place.  The staff is amazing and the vibe is cool.  The private tasting area is pretty sweet too.  There are always a lot of great events happening here. I will be back many times!
Real nice neighborhood restaurant. Always happy with what I order. Love the nachos!! Cool live bands and friendly wait staff.
came here before the night became a blur it was pretty spacious inside and wasnt crammed full of people which is nice.
I had some issues with my car after getting screwed by another shop, I was hesitant because of the reviews but Kevin took the car and did the repairs the other shop did not do. The price was good and the service was good not the fastest but fast enough for me. I will send my friends here and my car found a new Dr.
Absolutely horrible management, added fees to my bill when I gave my mom my left over guacamole, rather then throwing it away with out telling us.  Food is mediocre to begin with and bad management makes this a place to never visit.
It ain't all that, y'all. First time I found the good rather greasy and westernized. Second time biryani was undercooked and not impressively spiced. The mango lassi and raita were very good tho! No sweets! Misnomer there...
Smoked Beef TarTar is really good with the chips they pair it with. Beef Wellington was how i dreamt it would be. Got introduce to a good Stout called Innis and Gunn, ha d great company, it was as good as it gets for me.
American sandwhich was really good, cranberry sauce, awesome cheese, hot sandwhich
The best brunch in Charlotte!  The red velvet waffles, berry split, fried green tomatoes, were beyond outstanding! Worth the 40 monwait!
My spouse was excited as we approached Cracker Barrel on our drive, and what we found was classic, stick-to-your-ribs foods, served nicely, but not particularly exciting.  The food was good, it wasn't great.
Good over all taste burger was more done than I asked for. The price was appropriate for the flavor profile. The meat was very tasty but didn't add anything to the flavor of the burger. The waiter was fast yet friendly.
Absolutely ridiculous excuse for a club... Horrible white music to an extremely pixelated LCD light/visual show. You ask for a glass of water at the bar and they tell you $8 dollars. Go sheep , go!
excellent chips and salsa - they were free. \ngood margaritas - my fave was the pineapple one. \ntacos - meh. i live in santa ana and of course the tacos here are outrageously delicious and its hard to compare. \nambience - super fun and laid back.
You must try the Tres Leches cake.  It's not too sweet and just melts in your mouth.  I wasn't too crazy about my entree, but my husband is in love with their Curry.
I love that cozy place.\nTradionnal american food with some sweet live music in the background\n\nI always take their Burger and never been disapointed
Worst motel I've ever stayed in. The room smelled like a porter potty. We found two roaches throughout our stay and even left one on the wall after killing it for proof. When I reported this they did nothing about it.
Went back a week ago to try this place again.  The hostess was rude, lazy and useless and did not fit a \"Russian\" restaurant.  We were ready to spend $150 for two at this place and they could not even do the simple job of making us feel welcomed.
Das Essen war mittelm\u00e4\u00dfig. Wir werden demn\u00e4chst lieber einen anderen Griechen in Karlsruhe ausprobieren.
Don't get me wrong, steiner's is one of my favorite places but, the \"hashed browns\" served this morning were horrible!  It was like a paste that was smeared onto the griddle & cooked.  So sad
I would not recommend this company at all. They lack customer service skills and they do not stand behind the work they do.
They cleaned up my neighbors yarn and blew a bunch of stuff into my yard.  They also left a bunch of tree trimmings in my back yard.  Thanks guys.
Sorry to discover that Joe's Kitchen is gone, as in moved out. No one seems to know where.  Too bad. The food was great, and Joe and Jenny were really nice. Hope they can find a new home.  Even if it is across town, it's worth the drive.
Food not good. Soup cold. Tough calamari. Chef in dining room not kitchen. Recipe for poor food. Very disappointing for the Wynn. If you want show with no go, this should be your choice.
Cancelled flight at the last minute!!!!! not because of weather, but because of eqipment failure.   the agents were very helpful but that doesnt take away the annoyance of \"no more flights today\".
Last night I called to order a cab for 7:15 this morning.  I called at 6:40 this morning to confirm.  At 7:45 driver called saying he would be here at 8.  At 8:15 the cab finally showed up, exactly one hour late.  Needless to say I did not give a tip.
Mussels and House pate during \"happiest hour\" was delicious.
This place had some damn amazing pizza. Some of the best pizza i've had in Vegas, and pizza is all I eat when I'm out there!
Love the pizza and wings , the place could use a paint job but I'm here for the food ,they down side is they are close on Mondays .
Carrot cake cupcake was amazing. We also got a truffle
Pretty decent sports bar. Every inch of wall has a TV, even one in the bathroom. 1.50$ PBRs and a large menu. The food was ok, nothing special. I would go there to catch a game and have a couple of beers. The french fries were pretty good.
Gotta love a warm Bloody Mary, freezer burned packaged hashbrowns and packaged chicken fried steak for breakfast.
Typical, local, cheap, dive bar with tvs.  Uninspired layout.  Average service.  Not a place I would want to hang out much.
Very middle of the road or even a little under.. Sports book is probably the nicest nook. I upgraded to a suite & honestly it looked like a regular room. I give this two stars.
Shit service. Nothing about this store is worth the time. They hardly answer the phone.
I just don't like this movie theater. Maybe it's because of all the hoodlums that seem to congregate here? Or possibly it's because the ticket prices are higher then other theaters in the area. For whatever reason, I just don't care to frequent Lowes.
The employees here need some serious training. They have no concept of customer service. They also have supply chain issues (always out of product and never know when it is coming in). I have tried Marvel a few times and each time the experience got worse. Will never go back now.
After many visits our favs are: old world salad and classic european pizza.  Also love the pastas.  Sandwiches are tasty as well.
Nice environment, laid back staff. We got an Italian gyro and Picado gyro. The meat and ingredients were excellent but the pitas were stale. Probably won't go back :(
Big fan of this gym. I love it! Very clean!
Can't beat the pricing/ plate. The food quality has been very good. Love the chicken wings.
Pete is the man! My pool is sparkling clean year round, he handles it all and I never have to worry about anything. So worth it!
Finally veered away from my usual sandwich or cold rice noodles and ordered the beef pho....darn it was good!
Awesome, authentic, Italian pizza!  I can't wait until they re-open!
Do yourself a favor and ask for Jaime (pronounced Hi-May).  He does an incredible job and my wife and I have gone to him for years.
It was okay.  It's good if you have kids and children looking for a family friendly show.  This just doesn't compete with the Cirque de Soleil acts and I think it looked ackward for the gymnasts to be doing stunts in panda outfits.
A couple of weeks ago I was here for Ignite Phoenix After Hours. I am way too old for the club scene, but I could handle it as a venue for this specific event. It's a nice set up for a club, two-stories and seemed pretty spacious. I had a great time!
Sarah is amazing! Great customer service! Friendly establishment. It's nice they offer wine during your service. Love the shellac mani and pedi! They give great recommendations
Poor customer service ruined the entire experience. The coffee was about average, the decor was adorable, but the barista's were so rude that we just took our coffee to go instead of enjoying the ambiance. Won't be recommending this place to others.
I thought this place was good, but service wasn't that great. I liked the atmosphere and what I did eat, so I'll be going back.
I love this place. Gyros, spinach pie, fries and hummus. Way better than any other gyro place in Pittsburgh.
Called Adam to tint my VW beetle.  He called back immediately with a quote and even beat the current Groupon price, plus he comes to you which made the deal even sweeter.  The car came out fantastic and he cleaned up all the overspray and left the car cleaner than it was.  Highly recommended! Thanks again Adam.
Used them for catering a business dinner for 20.  Marvelous food, great service.  Highly recommend.  Thanks!
Love this place. Tasty and a good variety. I have only tried their lunch buffet. Under $10 including tax. Check it out. It's right next to Starbucks off Baseline and Gilbert.
Would give a -star if possible. The woman that works here does not know how to read or treat first time customers with any respect. Did not get to try the over priced food. The door says open till 9 pm but tonight she was closing at 6:45pm. WTH
Vanisa is the only person I let do my nails, she is super fast and does a great job :)
The best little cupcakes in the world
The 8oz Victorias cut was one of the best steaks I have ever had. Coconut shrimp and blue cheese crumb crust ess gold as well. Blooming onion was subpar.
beware when purchasing drinks here with a debit/credit card. they will try and run your card for money. they tried to run an $80, $100 and $40 charges on my card that i did not personal make.  fraud!! fraud!! fraud!!
Amazing thai! Don't miss this little hidden gem! Singapore noodles with chicken is our favorite!!
The place has nice ambiance and it is very  romantic. The place does not have that great of food for the price.  VERY over Price
It is clean and open and things are pretty much easy to find.
Awful.   Ordered enchiladas.   Tortillas not properly prepared.   Bland, dry filling.   Sauce lacked seasoning and good flavor.  What a sad enchilada sauce.   Beans were bland and should have been refritos, but were not.   Cardboard seems more appealing.
I like this place Mary Anne did a great job on my nails I got gel French manicure. I will definitely be a regular at this salon.
Where to start ? The food is bad and overpriced,, I love pizza and will gladly pay extra for great pie butt. Brixx is not the case!
Ambiance yes.... sushi not so great!\nEel was fishy tasting, not very fresh same with Big eye tuna.\nA few other sushi places in area offer fresher fish but with less ambiance.
First time trying Fix, not gonna lie it was great. The finger licking wings, adult mac & cheese, & the filet were on point! Any time I have friends or family in town I will definitely recommend.
I used to like Sundance when it just opened, but it has really gone downhill. \n\nThe service is awful and the food is just as bad..
Simply wonderful! I have nothing negative to say about this restaurant. The service, food, and ambiance was nothing but lovely. I would recommend ordering the \"Top Chef\" tasting menu.
I've learned to lower my expectations when it comes to Chinese buffers. However, I have to say, I was a little impressed. The food was fresh and quite tasty. Not a fan of the Hot & Sour soup though.
Mug club 70360
used to be a great place - however went back this last weekend and my steak was barely edible...the drinks and other items were OK...but this place like the rest of the property has gone significantly downhill
Good coffee, decent prices, love the atmosphere.  Only complaint was that the Wi-Fi is a bit spotty.  I found a new study spot =)
The food at Hash House A Go Go is fantastic and we love their menu! Give them a try today!
One of the most authentic Italian restaurants in the states.  Not a fan of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, but Scarpetta e veramente delizioso.
the staff there is usually rude and its always pack I had to change gyms. I like the one off freedom better.Thank God for choices
Breakfast was only ok but the sweet potato \"tots\" were really good.  The coffee tasted flat and was not hot due to the glass mugs it was served in.  Maybe I should have brought in a Starbuck from down the street!  The service was just ok.  I'd probably try some place else for breakfast next time.
Hotel and room were fine but I was very disappointed that they wouldn't let the shuttle take us to or pick us at the light rail station. The other hotels in the area had their shuttles running without trouble. Probably won't stay here again.
Delicious dessert last night! We sat at the bar, which was perfect, and drank choc-tails and ate the famous heart-shaped chocolate molten cake trio. \n\nDoesn't get much better than chocolate overload!
I really don't understand the fuss about this place. Food was food. Nothing special. A little bland. Not my style.
Great pub just east of the strip.  Megan is one of the best bartenders in Las Vegas and she will take great care of you.  Stop in for a visit and enjoy great food/drinks & service.  Loose slots too at the bar that actually pay off.
A hipster dive. Better than Starbucks. Relatively inhospitable if you're not a hipster yourself.  Don't order food here -- just stick to coffee.
Everything is so fresh and flavorful! 1/4 chicken with two sides is less than $9 and very filling. I had the chicken salad on my second visit which was delightful.
I usually eat lunch here and have enjoyed each visit over the last three years. The ambiance is fun and bright along with efficient servers and fantastic food! This restaurant is located in the Arizona Center complex so park in the garage or along the street.
Helpful staff, quick with trades and great selection of Blu rays. This is my favorite location.
I had the trainee waitress. Yay me. I wasn't a regular so I was more or less ignored. Fish and chips were mediocre at best, was hoping for more. All waitresses were easy on the eyes so that's a bonus..
We were excited to think that we may have found a hidden gem in our neighborhood. We love pho!\nHowever,  we were dismayed when my fiance reacted terribly that evening to the apparent MSG that they use. Obviously, we will not be returning.
Marie and her staff are awesome! Marie gives a fabulous massage...I LOVE the Mu Xing technique! I'm thrilled I found Marie a few years ago and just tickled pink that her spa is doing so well! \n\nIf you're looking for an awesome massage, this is the place!
No Reservations available after 5 o'clock which totally sucks. They have no phone charger station which sucks. The waitress was phenomenal and extraordinary. But had to deal with a new bartender tonight who took forever to make dreams because he was new. Outside of the waitress I will not be back here again after 5 p.m.
Awesome shop! amazing candles that are hand made in the shop! Great local made art and gifts too!
Delicious specially the lechon!! Try it!! Our server name is michael! He's very nice!
I don't remember what I had,  I was in a hurry but it was amazing, I'm extremely picky but this is what it's all about. Good job! I will be going back with my family.
Looks like this place is out of business.  The phone is disconnected, but I haven't been by to verify.
Tr\u00e8s beau cin\u00e9ma, assez m\u00e9connu des Montr\u00e9alais.
Perfect place for a late night taco craving. They also have a decent salsa selection.
Had a fantastic lunch here today!  The server was upbeat and friendly. The food was served quickly and tasted delicious. We were so happy with the service that we took the server up on his suggestion to try the warm cookie and ice cream desert. Yum!  We are definitely coming back for seconds!
Had a lot of fun!  nice club.  but yes, extremely crowded, getting drinks became an issue, but what can you expect?  Came to have fun, and I did.  Wasn't anything amazing, but fun~
Stopped by for a drink and to check out the karaoke. The drinks were terrible. Out of the 7songs, 5 were Disney show tunes. It was like being in a kid's clubhouse. Not going back.
When I walk in the spot (yeah), this is what I see (ok)\nEverybody stops and they staring at me\nI got passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it, show it, show it, show it
This is a really nice place for a romantic dinner and meat lovers. The uptown atmosphere suites the d\u00e9cor and the food was superb. The service and servers were top notch and well worth a visit back when you want to indulge. Nice ambiance, welcoming entrance. I would recommend to anyone.
Overall, decent food and dessert variety. Much smaller in comparison to the buffet at the Rio. Service was good.
Free slurpee day for the 11.7 oz special size...cups no where in sight and they made me pay for my small 12 oz slurpee...if you run out of cups, take the signs down or make an exception...seriously...
The account was finally fixed. It took four months and several phone calls. It appears that I had to find the right person to complete the task.\n\nOther than that it is a basic facility. It gets the job done.
Waited for over an hour and a half to be seen, only to be told they couldn't do the bloodwork I needed because I wasn't fasting. I was never told I needed to be fasting. Very unprofessional behavior and didn't really listen to what I needed.
I have now been to this restaurant 5 times. I have taken my staff, my wife, a client, a vendor and just stopped for breakfast one day.  Always good, always friendly! It is also always very busy so go early; it is worth the hunt to find it.
Waste of money.  The Maze takes 10-15 mins max!  The Laser Maze is beyond lame. Huge waste of time and money!
it was a brunch and it was taste less and it made me a little sich so not a fan wont be back!
It was soooo good!  The meat dish was delicious and the desseert crepes were yummy!
Typical mall with decent shopping for all walks of life. Decent food court populated by underdressed/over made-up teenagers.\n\nIt's nothing short of a miracle that any of this mall's kiosks are still open. Every person working was either on their cell phone or the internet.
The food was overpriced for something you get so little of and the food tasted like it was frozen not fresh. Service wasn't great but there was only one guy doing everything. Of course everyone has their own opinion. This is mine
Great wings and atmosphere.  The place is new so it looks good and feels good.  Service is a bit slow and food can take a while to get to you when they are busy.  This is something they need to work on but that won;t stop me from returning to this particular one.  (Go Bears)!
Took 10 minutes to even get to the drive through window, with only one car ahead of me.
loved the apple beer when they had it. PLEASE make again!  \n\nToo expensive for food! WOW.  Big(ger) portions or not...it is rid-i-culously high in price
Very friendly staff , food was okay
Cro-nuts are awesome! The coconut creme filling is light and doesn't over power the dream stic or the filled donuts. The cake style donuts are moist and light. The icings are homemade and not thick nor too smothered. I had purchased a dozen for $8.50, which was reasonable.
This place is okay but the price bumps it down to a two star.  I will say though the oysters were some of the best I have had in a while.
Delicious! I've eaten inside the restaurant however I usually order take to go. They do not deliver which is a bummer. The food is always quick to come out and the service is always prompt and courteous. With large portions.
Solid for drunk munchies or really anytime.  Friendly staff in our two visits, drinks were average.  Chicken and waffles are highly recommended.  Benedict was forgettable.
$11.50 compared to others that charges $10. Why? not sure other than the location which is predominantly middleclass income. hey! in LA its $17 or a lot more, can't complain.
Stuffed!!!\n\nAttentive service, bottomless drinks which includes Goose IPA on draft, great prime rib, good selection and all appeared fresh and presented to standard even in last hour of service. \n\nDefinitely worth a try and for the drinks alone you get your monies worth.
It is quite difficult to find reasonably priced, good quality food on the Las Vegas strip. La Salsa Cantina is one decent option. The food is fairly good, I had the fajita burrito which is a nice variation from your typical burrito. The service and drinks leave a bit to be desired unfortunately.
Good selection of... Anything and everything. Other than that, this place is awful. The staff are rude, they don't know what they are doing, the prices aren't better than anywhere else. They suck.
The food is tastey and affordable.\nThe atmosphere is friendly.\nI promise you will be satisfied.\nA hidden gem.
Love their healthy beast options great value for your money especially after a workout!!!
There is only sometimes when I travel and would like to expect a great time, but this time wasn't one of them due to the worst customer service from the ticketing to the flight attendants, to the baggage claim and back. Never would I suggest there services.
The food quality at this place is good but not fantastic. The only reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because of the very short line and to go option :)
Amazing Pastrami Burger and Friendly service. I will eat here every time I travel to Las Vegas!
Good natural food. Healthy choices. Like a Trader Joes.
Never been to a chiropractor before but am glad I tried one out first here. The chiropractic adjustment takes about 10-15mins. After that, the assistant taught me some stretches/exercises to complement the adjustment. So with a reasonable insurance co-pay this helped me over the few months I made appointments here.
Just waited twenty minutes with three bartenders for no service...sorry I got a guy with me! Never Again I understand the low rating
we call it the crack house because they have to be putting something in it to keep you craving for more. Unbelieveably delicious. I'm about to run out right now and get me some more. love love love my caniac. One love. xoxoxo.
Starting to get really annoyed with Bona's unsolicited junk mail crammed twice-weekly into the doorjams at our apartment complex. \n\nNO SOLICITING!
This place closed permanently in Dec 2011. They are replacing it with a bunch of condos. Probably for the best, it had seen better days.
they are now a drop-off point for Chef-to-Chef bags. (one of those organizations that you pre-order bags of local farm produce from).
Awesome selection of cooking woods in logs chips and chunks.  An absolute must visit for anyone into outdoor cooking
Slimy sales people. This is the quintessential scuzzy, slimy auto shop. I've gone here twice- for breaks and tires, and I've walked out every time and gone to a different shop. They will lie to you to sell you anything.
Wow these rooms look like crap. The only difference from Sahara is a cheap paint job and really really really tacky cheap decorations. When compared to the SLS in la this is an epic fail. The brand has officially been destroyed with this location.
Worst ever. If I could put -5 stars I would. \n Decor is so old and selection isn't that great for the price.. \nJust got entire family sick with food posioning. What the hell??\nNever going back there. Gonna stick with standard and go to wynn instead.
I love this place. The dealers here are always really nice and the staff overall is very helpful. Very lovely green property.
Wow.  Despite the great reviews of the doctors, it isn't worth it!  I hope the office manager realizes what a terrible staff this place has.  Please note that I don't give low ratings very often.  It was just that bad.
I live nearby and this place is an easy quick takeout. Last two times here I ordered BEEF enchiladas only to find nothing but cheese.  caught them the last time and ended up with the cheese ones for free.  just make sure you're getting what you order
Good food. Poor service.  We were seated in the bar area due to a long wait.  Our bartender/waiter forgot to put our order in.  We had to ask for refills of coffee and soda, and we had to ask for cream, jelly and butter.  No compensation was made for the forgotten order.
Great food! And yummy run punch.
My last 2 visits has been very disappointing. My husband and I use to love and come for lunch and have a few beers, Snakebites are our drink of choice. Lately their beer selection has diminished. To bad you use to be a favorite, unfortunately not anymore.
this place is awesome. best pizza in town.
They have good deals goin on. Perfect for when you are craving bar food. Their artichoke and cheese dip was good! I tried the Asian wings and they had a nice tangy taste to it. Not as spicy as I expected it to be.
I go here like once a week. They have a whole play place in there for kids. The food is authentic, tasty and i love their prices! Friendly staff with great service. They also have great groupon deals pretty often.
All these locations are just true crooks let's file class-action lawsuit against them for being thieves!
Eh. I've had better.
I'm not really sure what to say about Denny's. It was deadest Denny's I have ever been to. Service seemed fine and the food wasn't bad. I would go back.
My husband and I went here because of all the rave reviews. This was such a disapointment. The fries were cold. The cheese steak meat was disgusting. Our waitress was completely cracked out of her mind. I feel like I drank a pint of oil. Just oily nasty greasy disgusting.
Food was decent, but overpriced.  The drinks are great and tropical.  The atmosphere is like a latin american bar, but it's just not my style.  Overall, it's good just a tad bit overpriced.
This business has closed.
Gas stations have notoriously filthy bathrooms. This one might be among the worst I have seen. Ever. After using this bathroom, I would be wary about ordering food or anything consumable at this place. Disgusting
It is scary when they know what you're going to order as soon as you walk in? Yes, I've been here more than a few times
Nice place and great customer service just pricey
This place used to be a breakfast and lunch place. A couple of years ago the redid the place and made it a bar while leaving the majority of the intact. The issue now is the quality is going down and they don't have enough people to take care of you. I don't think we will be going anymore.
It is your classic Walgreen. Nothing special but they have a nice variety of medicines, supplies, electronic, and food.\n\nThe people working there are very cool and they help y a lot!
Food's ok, love the drinks though. It's more of a sports bar feel.
I had great hopes for Yummy based on the Yelp rating.  Unfortunately, I have to rate them as so-so...  I still believe Narita at Cheyenne & Tenaya is the best Sushi in the NW Las Vegas area.  Of course, my reference for all Sushi is Tsukiji market in Tokyo.
Sometimes they have decent djs. Otherwise it's typical Scottsdale superficialness.
It was really yummy, the waitress were so sweet and truly flowed our order, going back for sure.
Love this place!!!  Yummy!!! Friendly owners/staff. Open early!  So, get there early to get the best hot doughnuts before someone else beats you to it!!  Good coffee!
Very good customer service. Food was fantastic. Sorry no pics...we were starving. It was a little spicier than we anticipated but not unbearable. Would definitely eat here again. They also have a great $5 Happy Hour items. We got coconut shrimp & satay chicken. It was yummy.
Took 4 days to get a return call for a reservation and then told they had sold out
I love this place.  The sushi is so good.  The prices are great and there are always a lot of people there.  Its also very clean and very fresh.
The food was suitable for a \"premium steakhouse\" but the service was lack luster with an apathetic vibe.  I got the feeling they didn't really care about me as a customer since they had a line of people waiting to get in.  I would stick with Morton's or Ruth's Chris.
Le burger cinq-napkin est super bon, accompagn\u00e9 d'une bi\u00e8re fraiche... \u00c9quipe sympathique et tr\u00e8s bon service.
Busy Christmas Week, Service was good...Ordered Margarita Pizza and Caesar Salad... Salad Was Great !!!  but Pizza was Ok....Not Very Tasty..Had Better Pizza...\nBonannos @ Luxor has Great Pizza !!!
The staff is very friendly at this location and they always go out of their way to say hello to me and give great customer service. I live far from this location but only go here because the prepared foods worker at the one by my house is a major twat.
Nothing to brag about for the price.   Needs updating badly.   Location is decent which makes it appealing.
I made an appointment for someone to come out and give me an estimate.  Waited for over an hour for them to show, then called numerous times.  Never showed, never called back.  At this point, my experience coincides with Joe P. much more so than Ella W.
The service here is AMAZING but the food so-so.\nthe servers were very understanding, just have no idea about the food?\nwe were a 5 top and not one person enjoyed their meal.... ehhhh
One of the best dive restaurants ever. The portions are generous and the quality is consistent.\nThe corned beef hash is amazing and the service is efficient & friendly. Great value and worth the visit.
Amazing service, food, & decor. Best Thai food in the hood!! Check it out & thank me later. Spring rolls, Yellow Curry & Pad Thai were top-notch!
Having gone back twice, I can now state that their food is terrible.  The salsa is uneven.  The bean dip is good, but it tears me up inside.  Won't be back.
Yawwwwwwn. Another boring corporate Vegas hotel with a ridiculous casino. Table games are all jacked up carnival games with horrible odds. This place will make you miss the Vegas of old pretty quickly. Rooms are nice but so what.
Pros: smoked salmon, braised beef ribs, dessert\nCons: king crab was lacking, prime rib was rubbery and didn't have much flavor, sushi was average and lacked selection
This place is not there anymore.
There was a long line at 10 pm. Definitely worth the wait. I ordered the smoke meat. The first bite was so heavenly. Smoked chicken and coleslaw were quite unique. It was fun to talk to the servers and locals about Montreal and the food. Overall, This is quite good!
Caramel frap and hot chocolate were good but very disappointed in vanilla cappuccino half of the cup is foam and not a lot of vanilla.
Been to this place many times last year. The only problem with this place is very very over price for what you get. Spend your time elsewhere and save yourself tons of $$$. The food and service is okay nothing to write about.
had dinner there 12-13 it was terrible,chicken wings were barely cooked& took foreever and the place was not crowded.I dont know whats going on but they are an f on my list will never go ther again!!!
Riva's has great food, large quantities for low, low prices.  They're open 24 hours a day w/a drive through...I eat here at least once a week!
Wild Thaiger celebrated its 10th year anniversary this weekend!  This is a neighborhood restaurarnt with first class food.  The chef and owner consistently refreshes the menu to great delight!  You will not be disappointed.
The staff at this Safeway makes it great. From the world's friendliest butcher to the responsible kids that manage the checkout lines. Competitive prices on organics, a Starbucks to boot and some items have \"introductory pricing\" that save you more than a discount retailer would.
This place is the perfect place for large groups!!! They have great food & excellent service! We had my niece's birthday here in april & my moms birthday last night. Jakk was our server both times. He gives the best service. He goes above & beyond!!!
Its a hardware store. Not the greatest service ( no one ever available)
The best part of the meal was the dipping oil for the bread. I found the Bonedish Grille to be an upper scale Red Lobster.
Pretty good Chinese food. After living in SF, I am somewhat of a snob when it comes to my Chinese, and so far this is the best I have had in the area. Very good potstickers!
super good and fresh and fairly priced-wonderful!
I stopped in here with the owner's girlfriend after she cut my hair. She kindly treated me to anything I wanted to eat and drink. wooo hoo! I ordered a Grey Goose and cranberry and a Las Vegas roll (my all time favorite sushi- even if it is fried). Both were delicious. Thank you!!
Wanted to have some seafood so I decided that this place would be a good option.  The food was good but nothing special for the price. This restaurant has been in the valley for awhile and I expected it to be a little better. The food was fresh however I wouldn't make this my next seafood choice.
I have been here numerous times. It is beautiful with waterfalls, etc. On this go round, the food was average. The main reason for only two stars was the price. This place went though the roof! $70 for shrimp and fried rice! After multiple visits, I won't be back.
Awful wings,  filthy tables. Good luck getting drink refills... and on a Monday night,  hate to be here on a busy night
3rd trip here and I'm still loving it. Had the breakfast sandwich again and it was awesome. Waffles are perfect and the service is great. Wish I could bump this up to 5 stars but they really need more sides besides potato chips.
Technician was great,  she didn't miss any spots.  Bring cash because there is a small credit/debit fee.  \nI almost always tip my technician, \nI had a small issue and the owner approached me and solved it quickly.\nI will be going back for sure.
My goodness, their gyros are STUFFED w/ meat.  Excellent value for the money.  \n\nWe have not really tried anything beyond the pitas and fries, which we really like.  We tend to take out more than eat in.
Had a reservation and got seated right away. Our server took ten minutes to come to the table, asked if we wanted water then vanished. After waiting 20 more minutes in this claustrophobic restaurant we ended up walking out before ever even getting our water.
Cool place for kids 3-8 years old.. I have 6 and 8 yr old they had great time... Would not recommend for older kids nothing for them to ride.. There is about 8-10 rides
Overpriced, boring and dry! Need I say more!
better than expected healthy delicious food, awesome salads, call it in though cuz this place gets packed around the hot times.
Food was exceptional for a brew pub.  Beer was some of the best I've tried.  Service was prompt and courteous.
I loved the Chipotle Ranch blackened Salmon! I could eat another one right now.. Very tasty, fast, and fresh meal! The staff was very friendly and helpful as well. I live their fresh salsa bar as well. They have the friendliest manager, Steve!
The same com tam as the location in Westminister...flavors don't suffer at all but the portions and price do a little. Still, delicious and cheap Vietnamese. Love their crispy eggrolls and their che ba mau.
I use to love their concert but tonight it was nothing but soup with large globs of what should have been 'mix ins'.  At over $5 a container it was very disappointing.
Fancy looking but\nBartender is a douchebag\nDrinks usually suck.
Overrated and pricey, with a combination of bland food\nAnd complete lack of service. Avoid this place, unless that\nIs what you are looking for.
I ordered a cheese enchilada combo to-go. It took about 25 minutes. They were not particularly busy, maybe 10-15% capacity. Several people were seated and served while I waited. No priority for to-go orders.
Great Monday special (cheeseburger & fries). Customer service always good. Owner even checks in with patrons.
This pizzahut is probally the best one in town, its always clean, the employees are always nice  and the Pizza is cooked perfectlly. \n\nThe thing I dont like aboit it os that it has a small waiting area tjat is always full.
What a mess. Came here for breakfast before golf. Waited 45 minutes for our food, which was just ok. Then we couldn't find our waitress to pay and it took another 15 minutes to pay. The place was less than half full. Worst managed place I've been to in a long time.
If you like soggy, mediocre burritos and rude service, this is the place to go. This is the Southwest.  There are too many quality options out there to waste any time or money on this place. Go to Gadzooks or Filibertos if you're looking for some fast Mexican food.
average quality of food, hostess cold has the north pole, service ok, prices dont make sense to what you get, it is a no, no, no...but probably there is not much offer of japanese quality in Vegas, except Yellow tail which was much better when I went this summer
Good easy way to get outside and exercise in the same amount of time any normal person would spend at the gym. Great alternative for older folks who can't do Camelback. Get out there!
Ordered to go. I advised them pick up time at 1130 and it wasnt ready till 1145. Cheese steak sandwich was ordered with the works. It came plain. The food tasted good but the sandwiches seemed they where made without pride.
One of the lady was extremely rude and was unable to identify  a 2003 silver proof quarter repeatedly saying it wasn't silver and dropping it on a glass counter. Then they proceeded to offer me 50% of spot value on 90% silver. Bad service, bad offers, bad business. Stay away!
The breakfast options are crazy here.  Huge portions.  Service fast, cool building, food fresh and delicious, I can't wait to go back to try more.  Problem I ate too much and felt like crap after.
You get what you pay for. Although the location and price is amazing, I cannot nearly say the same thing about the quality of the pizza. If you've got a few extra bucks, 1+1 or euro deli both on st laurent are the way to go
Coffee sucks!  It's just tan water.  Brought it to their attention .  They said it was all remeasured and there was nothing they could do.  Don't drink the coffee!!
I wish I could give 0 stars... Got here @ 8:55 and the door was locked... The sign says they close at 9.... This has happened more than once... Good thing TCBY is across the street!!!
Flavors and portions were spot on but customer service is lacking. While the service leaves much to be desired it wouldn't prevent me from frequenting the restaurant.
Vegas food doesn't impress me too much but this is off the strip and good. One star off for bad/slow service. Another star off since the food is good but it wasn't too memorable. The only thing I can remember (and the reason why we went) was the stuffed dates (get that).
I had a business dinner here tonight with a party of 7. Wonderful meal, super service, private setting and a convenient location. This place is one of the most consistent restaurants in all of my work travels. Definitely a stand out in the Palm chain.
It was pretty good diner food. I enjoyed it and looked at it for what it was. It is just like a lot of comfort food chains. It was good and The service was good. Good place to stop off to eat at. Exceptional Pancakes.
Worst place ever.  I feel like I was at a homeless shelter. I don't try to sound like a rude person but this is my opinion about this place.  Food has no taste to it.  Service is bad.  The staff looks like they were pick up from the streets.
Too bad they don't have parking and require you to use Valet, and wait it line too? There must be a better idea. Sorry I didn't get past that rule and see what was inside.
Great location, close enough to walk but far enough away to feel like you are away from the smoke and noise. Room exactly as pictured but with some wear and tear. Concierge was great. Blue Chip was fine but had delayed response when calling to ask about early check out and never responded to call about late check out.
10-15 min wait for server as no one seemed to know who had which tables. Slow to get food from kitchen. 30 min.  Food barely okay. Not rushing back anytime soon.  Disappointed.
family of five went there wednesday night.\nseveral websites state kids eat free Wednesdays.\n\nwe asked our server was that still the case and NO was the answer.\nfelt jipped.\nfood was decent\n\nbar had nice styling
Ended up here for our 10 year anniversary after we discovered our original choice had a set menu for the night.  Overall fantastic experience with great service and even better food.  Do yourself a favor and ask for Frank.  He found out it was our anniversary and couldn't have treated us better!  Go Calvin Knights!!!
Why did I even go here?..I feel sick..I really would much rather have Panda Express and that's saying a lot!..never again
This was a very cute place and the food was good for the price. There were three of us and we had the taco salad, rolled tacos, and chicken quesadilla. We were all pleased with our food and the service.
The Schwartz's of Shawarma baby!. We eat there twice a week or so. Everything is great, but try the \"creation\", spicy, with a side of garlic potatoes. Keep you going all day.
I bought a car for my daughter four years ago from Chris, and the payment was very low and the car still kept its value and is running good. I am planning on buying my next car from Enterprise. They are a great place to buy your next car.
Wow Saturday is busy with Glendale Glitters.  This is our go to spot for German food.  It is fun with a great atmosphere.  The food here is worth trying.  They have great sides to go with their meals.  The chocolate sauerkraut cake is so perfect.  You should go and enjoy the food and ambiance.
We had a steak panini and the grill chicken panini, nothing special. Just a regular panini. \n\nThe place looks really good, would be a nice to sit outside and have a beer. But not my style of food.
Mall pizza at Las Vegas prices.  It was fast - and that was our goal, so on that account it met our expectations.  It wasn't bad pizza, but it wasn't great either.
Normally I love the food here for brunch but the eggs Benedict were horrible. I could barely cut through the toast and the ham was non existent but my moms bananas foster waffles were delicious
Awesome FREE ( well donations accepted) thing to do in Vegas!! Very interesting history!!! Must see!!!!
Constantly have TV channels go down (Sorry for the interruption, error codes, etc.), internet speed varies or gets throttled down too much, and WAY overpriced.
When you ask for HOT it means hot. Not take it home and add more hot sauce and sriracha... WTH?
Great second time around but on a weekday, no crabs but still great shrimps, muscles, cheese bread, cheese tortilini w/ ham, breaded pork, kalbi beef, ok ribs, whack mac n cheese n ham. Still great value and excellent desserts.
I found a Groupon for this place and decided to try it out.  The place is beautiful.  It is a husband and wife team.  They are very friendly and put you at ease.  I had a 90 minute massage.  It was one of the best massages I have ever had.  I would recommend them to anyone.
I am a fan.  Bread is fresh baked.  Breakfast sandwich rocked my socks off.  Small place in industrial area.  Well worth a visit.
I returned and tried the liverwurst on white bread again.\n\nTOO MUCH LIVERWURST.\nSigh.\n\nI feel bad wasting so much.  I wish they had half portions available.
My husband and I usually love this place. The last time we went a few weeks ago on a Friday night the BBQ was undercooked and the waitresses seemed to be more interested in gossiping than doing their job. Hopefully next time we go it will be a better experience. It might be awhile.
Sehr sehr lecker. Sauber und nettes Ambiente. Der Service manchmal etwas chaotisch, was in dem Gesamtkonzept aber ok ist. PS: Nudeln mit extraviel dicker So\u00dfe mal probieren...
This shop sucks. Bought a $35.00 lighter, within one hour realized it was broken tried to exchange it and they refused telling me I had a attitude problem.
Awesome pizza.  Perfect every time.  Addicted to the magical mystery pizza.  Beer selection great as well.  Service kind and attentive.  My goto spot for great pizza.   Salads average.
The hot and sour fish cost $24.99 not $7.45 light the guy say. Service is really bad.
Don't come here if you're hungry. Pizza  quality is nothing special. Better off going to a typical place like Pizza Hut or Round Table.
If you want to be threaten this is the place to eat.  Horrible service, manager is extremely rude.
Every time I go there is empty shelves throughout the entire food section no matter when I go... have talked to managers so much about this they know me by name now, still not stocked as any busy store should be...
Love this place - Anissa is my hair stylist and she's amazing!  I get compliments on my hair as soon as I leave the salon.  The stylists are the cream of the crop and worth the money!
This one is not in walking distance of my Apartment as I mentioned earlier....LOL...it is however a very good target. I just wanted to update this review to get the facts straight. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
food was ok. nothing special. just over-priced vegas food. nice if you get a seat on the patio. we were shoved in a corner in the main dining room.
Not a female friendly bar. Seriously lacking in customer service skills, a few of the female bartenders are just downright RUDE. The food is good, but sad the experience is ruined by unfriendly, unprofessional bar staff.
Worst service I ever had in Vegas. Waiter is rude and we waited more than half hour to even get the water. The steak we ordered was midium but had a well done steak which is disgusting! Will never come back. EVER!
It was awful.  not even sure that it was beef.  really, really bad
The food is awesome! And they open seven days a week. If u like thai food, highly recommend \uff01
Great wood fired food
Ya.  Canned corporate response.  Way to go Mandalay!  Way to address my statements with a non-statement.  I won't be back.  But thanks for the heartfelt and sincere apology.  It means a lot.  Corporate robot...
I love the PV Mall location.  All of their flavors are great, although I'm a purist and stick with regular aged balsamic vinegar when I actually purchase.  This stuff is addictive!  And the staff is very polite, helpful and friendly.
Great location and great service! I take my daughter to Karie for haircuts regularly and I have gotten trims by her. She takes the time to listen to what you want and provides feedback on what may or may not work. I highly recommend this particular location.
Good BBQ. Not great, but good. I'd go there more often if everything was just a little less expensive.
Pretty average, nothing special. It was okay.
First time here. Went with the craft 2 menu and thanks to the team member, I followed her recommendations. On the fence so I will try again next time I am in the neighborhood. Have to be honest- I am very loyal to Chipotle so there was a lot of comparing and contrasting going on.
Loved the original Renegade, but guess I will write this new version off.    Seafood in a bag was average, at best.    Our guest was offended by our edgy waiter (gauges in the ears, tats).
Had to wait about 35 mins to seat 5 but the smoked meat was fantastic. As was the service once we were seated. Don't forget the black cherry cola!
This place is great! Immediately when you walk in you have someone from the staff talking to you. Actually I'm pretty sure almost every employee that worked there asked me how the food was. Whether you are coming for lunch or dinner, this chicken is always a great healthy option and it was delicious. I hope they open a spot in Charleston.
There is a reason this show is going away. Not very creative but rather dull. The video segments seem cheap and looks like footage any Elvis fan has seen a hundred times before. Cirque should stick to spectacle acrobatics and artful designs... Unfortunately this show has none of those.
Take out tonight; 2 pasta dishes to go. \n\nProbably could've put each $11 Entree's contents in a red solo cup.\n\nWeak and wont be back.
Excellent!  Great food and outstanding service!  Thank you yelpers, I didn't even know it existed!
Decent place, stopped by for dinner for a friends birthday.  \n\nFood was good, but the real winner here is the service!
As good as the one in new York.  $20 for a snadwich that you can eat for three meals at least!  Best deli around.\nInside the mirage hotel
Terrible I waited with my friend for 20 min. Could not even get a hello and we sat in the middle of the bar in front of 3 bartenders. Worst ever so we moved on. Over crowded and over rated. I would skip this stop.
I'm very protective of my 04 MR-2 and would not trust my car with anyone, but I'd just about trust my first born here! Highly recommend this shop!
Looking for breakfast or lunch? Eat here. Cafe food with a Yoli twist.
Nicht besonders gut. Gerichte sind oft versalzen und generell \"minderwertig\".
This is the best place to relax and have an amazing sandwich.
Entered the store to really friendly helpful staff...The store is packed full of fun things to buy. You are able to buy the Tonto pass at this location. I need to go back just to be able to look at everything.
I have gone here a few times in the past because its the only place around. I have since began just ordering online. The customer service here is terrible and they make you feel really stupid. Avoid it if you can.
Mushrooms on the pizza was so burned.  It turned off my appetite. I mentioned to the waitress and all she said was \" oh, really? \" not even a sorry.\nThat pizza ruined my last meal of vacation in Phoenix.
They are rude and lack knowledge of dog behavior. They talk to customers like they're incompetent. They obviously don't have any idea what they're doing. Apparently when a dog has a \"growly bark\" it means they're aggressive and can't be with other dogs.
Got my oil change there tonight. Friendly staff didn't try to push products on me In N Out 30 minutes would recommend this location to anyone
Worst service. Two hours for a tire change them when nearly commpleat they take brake for 30 min.\n I'm the only customer waiting. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE\nLunch is more important
Very stylish restaurant and bar. I prefer to have drinks here or lunch, dinner can be a little disappointing. Overall a good place to drink but would suggest eating elsewhere.
People are right about this place. Overpriced and disappointing. We paid $41 per person for the meal and it was definitely NOT worth of the money. It was about golden coral quality + snow crab legs. Oh well I'm done with buffet binge eating now between MGM and wicked spoon ruined my appetites
Website does not reflect accurate stock levels, company fails to inform customers of out of stock items and processes the order short, when you call to address the matter, they very rudely talk over you and hang up. I take that as a sign they don;t want my business, I will be happy to oblige.
$3 ZUMA juices are the shit! 9pm happy hour  burgers are dec. This place is perfect to start a night of bar hopping on Mill.
Came here with my family for my mothers birthday and it was very delicious. I love how their portions are made for sharing family style. Prices are reasonable and service was great. One thing I did not enjoy was their red Sangria, overly sweet and I was really bummed about that. But either than that great place.
A lot of fun with all the right equipment. I think by it's nature these items are expensive to rent but the amount of fun we had with a little blue baby life vest and sea machine is just indescribable.  Making memories one day at time!!
Great spot to relax and enjoy some frozen yogurt. Love the toppings selection. Brought my kids here and they loved it!
Amazing food and Margaritas! You will not be let down, try the puerco en chipotle!
I stopped in here on a trip to scotland in May. What a great little find. The potatoes were awesome and the gentleman working that day was wonderful. Definitely worth a pop in if you're in the area.
Amazing airbrush tan, the best in Arizona. Professional, excellent attention to detail. I would never go anywhere else!
Poor service and out of products. The donut I did get was stale. This is my second bad experience here so I thought I would warn the masses.
The service was good and it seemed like a fun atmosphere, salad was good but chicken tenders were awful, no flavor tasted like frozen breaded chicken.  Probably wouldn't go back.
Always excellent service, whether eating in or stopping in for take out. Love the hot and sour soup and the house special lo mein
I have tried various bread and pastries from this location. The cranberry bagels and scones are huge and packed. Good stuff.
Solid! Good sized portions, decent quality meat. Better than Samurai Sam's.
Amazing food from beginning to end. Don't miss the quinoa stuffed avocado. The Classic Saltado is scrumptious! Great kids menu too :)
Great happy hour. $1 for hot sake. $2.50 for large beers.\n\nCheap rolls and apps. \n\nIt's not the best sushi around by any means but it'll fill your craving at a good price.
Great Food, Great Service. Better for Date Night than dinner with 5 Kids. Not Kid \"unfriendly\" just not kid friendly if you get my drift. Oh, did I mention they have GREAT FOOD?
My breakfast tab alone was 75 bucks. The mimosas were 14 dollars each and teeny tiny. They need to let people know this. The food was meh. I get that its the strip, but there is a limit one can take.
I have used Martinez and Shanken for many years and would highly recommend them.  They do great work and nobody knows taxes better than them.  They have great customer service, a friendly staff, and perform high quality work.  I have moved to California, but I continue to use there services because they are the best accountants I have ever had.
The food was Amazing! Excellent service! It was my first time eating at Egg Works; my server \"Donna\" was freaking Awesome! She has great customer service! Loved my experince at this location, will be coming back!
Still in Las Vegas. Very late dinner yesterday at Sushi Samba and great experience. Wagyu beef carpaccio fantastic. Samba roll. Pork belly and kampachi neck were amazing. Waitress was very nice, service impeccable. A must try guys
Definitely a little gem!  Fantastic food, wonderful happy hour and certainly affordable.  This might be my new favorite!
Meh. Not as fun as I hoped it would be. Basically 4 floors of overly expensive M&M crap. I was hoping for more history and interactive fun.\n\nIt looks like they have a free 3D film but when we came there was an out of order sign.
Camp Bow Wow is perfect place for dogs to socialize and get there energy out. The Staff are very kind and loves all the dogs. I feel comfortable and safe taking Hawool to Camp Bow Wow. They also have all different size of yards for different size of dogs. My puppy and I love this place!
I went here with my foodie friends and we universally agreed the appetizers were spectacular but the entrees were just ok.
Not mind blowing but the Cellar Door still delivers a great punch. The food was flavourfull yet a bit small for the price range. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is quite relaxed. Worth a visit but not necessarily a must-go restaurant.
I made a few trips to this mall during our week in the Phoenix area.  \n\nThe Nike Outlet was great, but otherwise, there weren't that many quality outlet stores.  Most (or so it seemed to me) of the stores in this mall are not outlets and there just weren't the deals that I was expecting.
The food is not very good. Better than some of the chains, but I prefer Big Buddha at the 303 and Greenway. Better food and lower prices.
Beware gift cards expire. Who does that anymore?  If I pay you $100. Why should it expire?  Stupid!
Good quality food without the outrageous Las Vegas strip prices.
some good beers on tap and a couple tables for stick---good buffalo chicken sandwich.
Short wait but the ER has seen better days, at first glance you might be tempted to leave based on appearances. But hey, you're here for an emergency right?  It took two visits to the ER and what I can only imagine are astronomical hospital bills to find what should have been found the first time.
Deeply awful supermarket. Fresh? If you think fruit-in-a-bag is fresh. Industrial salad bar. Lame bulk section. Local nothing. At home in Seattle, they'd be shuttered in a week. Plus, to add insult to injury, they only validate parking for purchases over $20
I have been using them for years! Wonderful work and great attention to detail.
I'm in love with the snickers pancake, must try. Portions big, at a great price and good service.
Not so impressed. Sticky tables, probably one of the worst comedy clubs I've been in for ambience, they had 4 pre-show comedians only 1 that was any good. I liked the headliner on TV but in person not so much.
This carls jr is on the corner of tropicana & mtn.vista...the dining area is huge...I come here for lunch sometimes,and get the dbl.western bacon cheese burger...I give this one 4 stars
I love this place. It's so fun to make your own bowl and then watch it get cooked!  It's the best to get the udon noodles and tortillas! Mmmmm!  The staff here was always awesome.  I totally recommend this place!
Man I come to doh 2 time a weeek. I'm really disappointed to manager doh.. I have call her 3 time to get her attention. I love all the sushi man but bo is really disappointed.  Make sure ur waitress is other than bo.
Calamari is very good. Did not like pot stickers at all and normally this is one of our favorite dishes. Chicken rice soup is absolutely delish!  Great Happy Hour menu too!
My first brunch in Mtl! The crepe avec jambon et fromage was good, they gave a lot of fruit with it. The coffee was good too! Internet doesn't work, but the place was nice and quiet
Good bakery, has a smaller selection of baked goods and they are delicious. Had the macaroons which were good and the cupcakes which are also good. Each had a good burst of flavor, so this is not some store bought tasting place, if you have a sweet tooth, make sure to stop by and try.
A good place to eat but a little pricey and not sure I cared for the food i ate.  Maybe another menu choice would have been better.  Not certain I would choose going in there over the other restaurants after my experience there.  Just so so, I guess.  I would not recommend it.
This place is overated juat because its a celebrity owned business, but honestly you can get a better burger at BLT Burger (the best on the strip) or Gordon Ramsay's Burger. The burgers at BBP are nothing special.
It's cheap and has a halfway decent menu but I received absolutely horrid service here. Pretty so-so for a Mexican restaurant.
Food was good,Oysters were small and a little understaffed when we went this past January (2014). The restaurant is not in the best part of town but has a lovely ambiance, I would definitely go back and try some of their other dishes!
Super yummy food! Great service. Street tacos are the best. Take out food is well executed as well it's our new go to place!
I'm about 50/50 on Fatz. My husband loves their salmon so we eat there often . I love the Calabash chicken but if I'm dieting I feel pretty left out . Service can be hot or cold . I'd actually give them a 2.5 if it were available.
This was one of  the best food experiences I had in AZ. The mix and match sliders are a great idea! The Lamb and duck were my favorite! Service was great, and they are especially accommodating for big parties. I wish we had a Stax in my home town.
Ambiente top.Bedienung nett.\nEssen leider nicht. Nur zum saufen und chillen gut. Preise zu hoch.
Really nice joint in the Epicentre....stumbled upon this little gem on a Saturday night. Exciting bartenders, cool atmosphere, and feels really low key. See for yourself!
I try and eat here as often as I can. The food is fantastic and the wait staff is excellent. They are a small business that I am proud to support.
Wow!  The happy hour is AMAZING!  If you're a fan of burgers...  try the Gladiator!  Friday happy hour is half-price burgers.  \n\n I fear I've ruined myself from ever enjoying another burger, now that I've had this one.
The chick at the daiquiri counter was awesome! She recommended a mix of the coral crush & pi\u00f1a colada to make a dreamsicle! Very good!
Very good food but I had to take off a star because their latte is so weak it is insane. I ordered tea and it was stronger than my husbands latte. We had to go out and Get coffee at caribou afterwards.
Our family has been going to First Watch in Cincinnati, OH and Northern KY for years and it was a pleasant suprise to find it out here in Scottsdale/Phoenix.  This location is fine, we get seated quickly and the food is good.
Took my wife on a surprise date here! We loved this place. The food was extremely delicious. The green Chile Mac and cheese is one of the best dishes I've had in forever and I strongly recommend! Only thing was, our particular waitress was not the best, but the other employees were fantastic! Will be back!
Place is good! No complaints for me. Has a good selection of food choices and service is not that bad.
Great place to go hang out with a group or grab a quick lunch solo at the bar. The atmosphere is almost as good as the food. The Depot is my favorite place to go anytime I am in Tempe or near mill but is a must have after races to refuel on fantastic fish tacos and a few Coronas!
Steve at the Scottsdale location is the best.  My mother and father introduced me to Fletchers and I have been a customer myself now for a number of years.  They have always treated us in a friendly, helpful manner and I have had no experiences that I would classify as negative.  I fully trust Steve and highly recommend their service.
As a partner in the property management industry, I have to say that this property has already seen so many positive changes in the past few weeks.  The staff is very welcoming and it has become one of my favorite places to visit.
$6 on Tuesday. Can get really crowded fast. Go early for seats and line up.  I went to the washroom and came back to a huge line..but I didn't cut the line! Younger crowd here.
This place is ghetto assf#*k! There are methers, prostitutes and scum that frequent this place, they do offer a AAA discount that brings the total to around $50 after tax. If you need a place to stay this will do, just don't leave your valuables in your vehicle.\n\nGood luck
Unfortunately everything was overcooked, catfish, rib tips, and baby backs. Service was good, staff is friendly. Yelp deal. I haven't been here in a while, the food was much better a few years ago
Loooooove the garlic shrimp.....I actually went for the first time yesterday and im debating going back again today!! Great atmosphere and experience so I think I will end up going....very soon.
I love the Chicken Marsala here. I've had Chicken Marsala elsewhere and I always seem to get some gravy mess, but here it's just like a wine sauce, like it should be. They make it with their own Marsala wine, but they don't sell it to the public.  :(
Impeccable food, great vibe, and quality service. I went on a recommendation during my last vacation, and couldn't have been happier. It rates up there with the best steakhouses at which I've eaten. While it is pricey, anyone going in should know what they're getting into. A really great place!
Terribles isn't really that terrible. They have decent food at. Heap prices and they offer a few games with low limits. Drop by this place if you're near by.
This place is fantastic. My wife and I came here during our 3 day stay. The must get for breakfast is the Cinnamon Roll. \n The staff are friendly, the food comes out fast and it's good! \nThis is must place for breakfast while you're here.
I like to call this place El-Sucko.  I'm sorry, no matter your place of origin this place just flat out sucks.  The waitress was very friendly and hence the two star rating.
Golf course is challenging,  but terribly rude staff by keeping customers waiting at the counter and not recognizing that putting a tournament in between a group of 18 and thus splitting us up was bad. Also, said something to staff member who didnt say a word and just walked away.
Great staff, open 24-7, clean, and they have security there at night so when things started to get shaky with certain customers they fix the issue fast
Good food. Worst dining experience ever. The waiter was extremely rude. Will never go here again.
Just walked in and Wendy waited on me. She gave me a very nice cut after listening to what I was asking her. She took the time to ask me what I wanted done and talked with me throughout the cut. She was very pleasant. The store was very clean. I would recommend Wend to anyone. It was a nice experience.
too many smokers
Lunch specials.  Compared to other thai restaurants, I think this one is okay.  I used to frequent the location more often than I do now, but it seems that the quality of the food has diminished a bit. Not my favorite, but still good.
Won't be back.  This place was horrible. Not even kidding. Won't be back at all. The bagel was stale and tastes horrible. When I asked for a new one they just have me excuses and finally gave me a new one and the new one was still horrible. Won't be back.
Terrible customer service. The branch manager Abigail does not seem to be able to offer solutions  I'm moving my banking to Bank of Nevada
Pretty hotel with awesome views. But minus one star for the construction out front that has been there forever. It's also not immune to hair in the shower. Drain was so bad I had to shower quickly so it wouldn't overflow.
Delicious!!! I love the entire staff! Service is FABULOUS And food is FANTASTIC!! Best Brunch in Vegas! Bottomless mimosas are kept flowing. We always order off the special of the day menu. It's never a disappointment, and always fresh.
Best pizza in ahwatukee hands down. It's also the kind of place that reminds me of home which is a great compliment.
PERFECT! Got my rock and roll groove thing on in a big way! Love these guys.
Saturday morning breakfast. .no wait. Had Britney as a server. She had our waters and our order in under 5 minutes.  Our food came out in about 10 minutes.  Pretty good considering that its early on Saturday am. But this place isn't packed? Anyway the food was fine..it is Dennys so dont go crazy.
This place is AMAZING!!! I have had Pizzeria Bianco and really feel like this was better!!!! The service was excellent and that wait was not bad at all.  I love taking people who haven't been here!!!!\nLook forward to eating here each and every time!!!
Love the Jade Red Chicken.  The Chinese Mexican food fusion is unique and delicious!!
Love the pizza here.  Frequent this place a few times per month.
One star is too much for this lazy joint.  Walked in at 11 am and they had on display 2 old Sicilian slices and garlic knots covered in plastic wrap that were definitely from the day before. Really...you can't make a fresh pie and throw those out? What other corners do they cut? Pizza was not good.
My family and I have been seeing  Dr. Bazilus (Dr. B) for a few years now. He is a great denist and recommend him to all my family and friends. His office manager Deborah is very helpful and sincere.
Stopped in here for a quick hand wash.  I had them wash my black car on the side rather than running it through the tunnel.  For $25 not a bad job.  A few swirl marks but overall pretty good.
Long wait but the food was very good.  Cheese curds were wonderful.  They ran out of hot dogs which was surprising.
Very good appetizers and pizza. We had a big party, and the staff was very pleasant and courteous. A few members of the party ordered sandwiches and enjoyed those as well. Would definitely recommend if you're looking for some good Italian in the area.
this is a regular buffet for us we like the variety here and the food is good and fresh and that the bathrooms are in the restaurant is a plus and don't have to go looking for it.
Dispatch was terrible and rude. Called for a cab said they were sending one in 20 minutes or less.  30 minutes passed called again they said they didn't have anyone and to just wait longer.  Finally a cab showed up, nice guy. Confirmed he was only dispatched to us a few minutes prior.  So dispatch sucks, driver good.
I have been taking my children to Dr. Milne for about 5 years, and they have always looked forward to going to see him.  His office staff are pleasant and efficient and Dr. Milne is knowledgable and kind. Going to the dentist doesn't get any better than this.
Terrible. Long line for shuttle and long line for car. Avoid.
Great 1/2 pound burger for 5.50. And the wings omg the wings. But best of all the homemade potato chips! Great deal.
Eggs Benedict as good as it gets!  If you want to experience a nice breakfast in a swanky yet not pricey cafe, I recommend Jacqueline's hands down.  Great service and friendly environment.
Terrible place. Drug deals and fighting at all hours, noisy neighbors and police are there so much they need their own unit! The fire department is constantly being called because children play with the alarms. Management is horrible!! Try to make this a last resort and only if you are desperate!
Servers were charming and smart, food was delicious, fresh, beautifully prepared. We had a splendid time, will always eat here when in Las Vegas.
Cute little coffee place with wine, gelato, and some food items. I've only came here for a mocha Frap but enjoyed it every time.
Hard to spot in the corner of a easy missed strip mall.  Worth searching out!  Great service and the food is really good!  The value can't be beat... Thought the owner will remind you of this value EVERY time you go in... I say if your looking for good fresh Greek try it!
Is this the place where they had green cotton candy in the buffet? To me, how could a place like that not get the highest rating?? Haha, more later.
The food is ok, nothing very special.  It would be worth at least a three or four star rating if they were able to take orders consistently without mistakes and then acting like jerks about it.  As it stands, I will avoid them, plenty of other mediocre pizza places around.
Great addition to the neighborhood!
Fantastic find. I had the eggs Benedict for brunch, very good. The chorizo was delicious. I will have to go back soon for tapas.
Great food... Can not even explain the enjoyment from the Greek pizza! So delicious in my mouth! And the Guiness promo! The boyfriend got free glasses! AND for the desert... Berry cobbler... YUM! Just moved from beach area CA... So not biased! Please enjoy this place?
Thursday night Date Night is a great special.   This is great food at an easy price.  Staff and atmosphere are comfortable.  Love the Pizza and Anti- Pasta board.
We had a great experience this week at the bar with Ricardo.  He made some great menu suggestions (chile verde pork plate and tamales) and spun up some delicious drinks.  The salsas and dip (trio which comes with the chips) were amazing, and the atmosphere was friendly and nice.  We'll be back!
I love the food here, but I am completely baffled when I arrive and there is a line out the door, about 20 empty tables and one lone cashier taking orders. \nAre they trying to space orders out?  If so, they need to work with kitchen on timing!  Irritating.
Horrible service. Jason has a horrible rapport and rushed us through like a herd of cattle.  Food was less than average. Service even worse.
I want to give them a one star.  Ordered the French dip and pot roast sandwich.... Both lacking in appearance as well as substance.  Service was good and everyone was very friendly.... So I give them two stars.  Mcalisters would be disappointed in this effort!
We ordered the lobster, a seafood soup, Chinese vegetables and a fried fish with tofu. All was great. Portions are generous. The service was prompt and nice most of the servers speak little English but not a biggie.
The bagels are great but the service is not. Everyone is very nice, but they often get my order wrong. If you can get past that, the bagels are delicious.
Moira  updated their menu and took off those frozen potstickers that I mentioned in my earlier review.  Service was terrific and their new offerings were delicious.  They have a roll topped with a coconut shrimp that is very tasty.  Also enjoyed the $5 bombers that were on special for Halloween.
We absolutely LOVED this restaurant!  The service was impeccable!  I had the all you can eat pasta trio which was lovely and delicious!  My husband had the cacciatore, which he makes himself at home, and he said it was the best he'd ever had!  We will definitely be back!
Rib eye steak is the business after a night of hard drinking and throwing your money away at O'Sheas!
The food was excellent.  Nice selection of food.  I truly enjoyed the atmosphere.   Additionally the staff were very polite and around frequently enough to provide great service.
Theres not much to say about this place. I live less than a half mile away and they deliver fairly quickly, so it's definitely my choice over pizza hut and dominos. I wouldn't go as far as to say the food is amazing or anything, but it's great for pizza cravings in a pinch.
Very friendly service for this early in the morning! Coffee was great and all the food looked fresh!\nI got through the line of about 10 people super quick!
Excelente guarderia y escuela, el staff, la limpieza y el profesionalismo siempre los han destacado!!!\nsuper recomendado
We waited for 20 minutes before we left.  Nobody so much as said hello. Have never gone back!
Very hit and miss. Some items a great (the appetizers) and pulled pork, while others are bland and lack flavor, the fish tacos and chicken sandwich.  Decent Draft list. Best to go in summer and chill outside.
Honestly the worst place in every shopped and completely over priced I've always tried avoiding coming here milk is much cheaper at Walgreen's and circle k and the staff is really rude, honestly if they ever have any good advertised deals I just get it at Walmart
Most unreliable airlines ever.. Cancelled a San Francisco flight saying it's bad weather when two other flights are going to sfo airport. They wouldn't compensate or do anything. This is my second time with US airways and have had similar experience both times.
Good shit. Good all around service. The food was prompt and the beer was ice cold.  Fuck it don't need much more. Plus is happy hour till 6am. So can't complain.
Great food and very thoughtful employees!  Might I suggest the buffalo grilled sandwich.
The slices are absolutely huge and there are heapings of oils, sriracha, tobasco and spices to help allay the bland taste. Alas, it does not save this pizza from itself. I rather have a slice from Two Bros or Settebello. The size is a neat gimmick though.
Pizza was not a great as we had expected and service was well below.  Pomo in Scottsdale is better and closer.  Probably won't go back. \n\nThe staff were not friendly and it wasn't even that busy - we went last night.  To much success has gone to there heads.
As always the teriyaki chicken Bowl was fantastic! But Apparently today was not customer service day, the lady taking my order took a phone call in the middle of completing my transaction and I was forced to mime can I have my drink cup to the lady. But I will return for the chicken!
The place has a cool atmosphere and people are generally nice but beware of the incredibly slippy tile floors - not even kidding. Also, the area with the DJ is far too small so don't expect to stay on the dance floor unless you want to feel like a sardine
Permanently closed!
Absolutely terrible service.  Waited over an hour before any food arrived on the table.  Anything that was supposed to be warm wasn't.  It's a shame because the sushi was actually decent.
meat and salad ok but nothing special\nvegetables overcooked\neverything else not worth the time or money\nother reviews very misleading
The menu is not nearly descriptive enough. I ordered a chickpea Mediterranean salad expecting falafel on a bed of lettuce. What I got was curried chickpea cakes on swiss chard and kale...disgusting. Not to mention two salads and lemonade cost $46. Never coming here again.
I had heard good things about the restaurant.  Some items are good, but the pizzas are extremely greasy.  Service is very polite and punctual, but it feels as though the service isn't even required because of the Chandler restaurant's layout.  I was not impressed with this pizza, but have not tried other offerings.
Consistently delicious Peruvian food.  Three visits here and it's always good.  I think it's tough to do Peruvian food well, and Contigo Peru does.
Amy and her staff are fantastic to their customers and their owners. This is a locally owned business and that is another reason I take my Maltese to them. I love supporting small business owners!
Poor food with below average service! What could be better? \n\nIf you are waiting for someone at the airport and looking to eat do yourself a favor and go to the Paradise Bakery across the hall.
Snobby golf course. Overpriced. Lots of golf courses in the valley that are much nicer and less expensive. No GPS, the course is not well maintained. The ranger has a power trip. This course is a novelty and that's about it.
The woman at the cash register taking our order was very rude. I won't be coming here again.
I like going to mama's because they make a good dirty gin martini and because they have amazing singing bartenders. My favorite bartender is Dre because she has an incredible voice. I requested Amy Whinehouse- I'm No Good and she sang it very well without looking at any lyrics!
Gross. Rude and gross.
Decided to give this place a second try. Much better and on the rotation.\nGot the pork/brisket tacos with Grits Souffle, and Mac and Cheese. Everything was awesome.
The sub was amazing and if I would have had just that I would have given 5 stars but I also got a salad to share with my daughter and it was brown and disgusting. We asked for a new one and that one was brown as well. So stick to subs at this place!
The Rumbi Island Grill restaurant is no longer open at the 4280 E Indian School Rd location.
C 2 tactical indoor shooting range the staff is very knowledgeable and the Ranger Masters are very helpful. The selection of firearms are some of the more popular models such as Glocks Kimbers Benelli just to name a few.
Great breakfast / brunch spot. Love the newspaper menus, friendly service and egg-ceptional omelettes. Natasha, our waitress was friendly and attentive.\n\nNot my first time here, will be coming again.
NEVER USE THIS COMPANY!\nSimply called for a quote on a simple door repair and was turned down because Owner/Manager did not think it was worth his time??\n\nUse Vortex and save yourself the headache!
Very disappointed.....had to wait 1 hour to see the PA for a not even 5 minute visit.  Prescriptions they prescribed were no longer an available drug.  Had to wait over a week for a new prescription and response.  Horrible..will never return here...all about the $$$$$$.
The dr is alright. But that bitch in the front bugs. I've been here a few times and have not waited less than an hour from my appointment arrival time.
Good quality Pizza. They look out for the customer every time. Each time we have gone they have offered up free coupons with out us requesting them. Pizza fills you up. I recommend the turbo crust!
This Dennys has great service, its open late, its clean and hardly crowded.
Always great, always consistent.  Servers need to smile more, too many long faces.
Menu is plenty big yet the food is pretty consistent.  Happy hour is short but good and lunch has never disappointed.  Oh did I mention they have beer?
Wanted to love it, but don't.  Don't understand the hype.  Didn't even finish my ribs.  The definition of \"meh\" for me.
This place is horrible! It's overpriced and the service is bad. The food is a poor imitation of bar food. It is also a cop trap so be very careful when leaving.
Food was good decor very nice not your typical buffet!
Our group somehow hit this place at their worst.  Our order was lapped by neighbouring tables that came, ordered, ate, paid, and left before our food showed up. When my french toasted arrived it was raw batter on one side and the blueberries where still frozen.
Tried Skillets for the first time. The prices were very reasonable and the service was good and we didnt wait extremely long maybe about 20 but it was a Sunday morning. I tell you the wait was definitely shorter than iHop on a Sunday morn.
As always, it was out of this world delicious.  The customer service was outstanding too!
It's still 168 Market as of January 2010, but it's also still pretty much unchanged from Diho Market.  I bought lots of interesting things--got carried away buying bao.  Their little prepared food/lunch section wasn't open today (a Saturday) and looked like it was being remodeled.
Ok- I can't even write a review on the food because the service was so bad!  We sat for 10 minutes and was not acknowledged/when we left,I said we were leaving because no one talked to us for over 10 minutes!! They replied,\"have a nice night!\"  OMG!
I read the new ass't governor gave a speech there invoking God.  Please, spare me, now I will pass.\n\nPlease save that shit for church.  The rest of us will pass on this crap.
this is a fun place to go for a cosume if you are an entertainer or just for fun! They have some new and almost new quality clothing and you can get 30% off if you bring a donation the staff was cool sometime you can find some cool stuff antiques other random stuff.
We went to get the a phone for the daugther.  We got someone to talk to us right away but after they sold us the phone and service, we had to wait 15 mins before someone can check us out.  They don't have a system or a line so people are kind of wandering and leaning displays everywhere.
Fairly expensive. The food was OK, but could be a lot better. The samosas are baked and covered with yogurt. Not what you'd expect and pricey at $7.99.
Great. 5 pools and 2 small hot tubs. I loved it.  Chairs aren't to comfy but hey.....
It was fun, I paid 16$ for a crepe omelet and a latte,\nI was happy. It's not very speacial but if you like crepes and omelets try it for sure
Good for any Beatles fan but there were way too many things going on for me.
This restaurant is no longer a Buffet.
It is a long wait but truly worth it. Everything was flavorful and delicious. Just what my tastebuds needed. The oxtail chilli fries were great. A must try.
I have a sweet tooth and unfortunately love all things sugar. We got a 6 pack of assorted cupcakes for the mom's bday. Verdict: disappointed. Icing is extremely sweet/rich and cake is dry/not much flavor. Trust. I gave multiple flavors a shot.\n\nMer...
Horrible service. Drinks were made incorrectly and the food wasn't that good. Walk across the street and go to hi fi or whiskey row
Dinner buffet. The food look old. Crab legs and carving station look like some 9.99 buffets. Dinner is 50.99. But I would not eat here if the price was 20 bucks. I was smart enough to ask them to let me check out the food first. 5 stars for me.
went there for saturday morning bufett. food cold , dirty place , restrooms old and moldy. wont go back !!
OH MY THEIR CARNE ASADA IS AMAZING! I notice it's usually pretty empty, but once I gave them a try I realized that they are my new favorite authentic mexican food! Five stars hands down
I kind of hate this location because it gets packed so early. I love Chipotle but everyone's office, including mine is right by it. I know I should get here by 11:30 or after 1 to avoid a crowd.  Also, I never get water here because it taste disgusting! It's so weird!
My favorite theatre for plays. Small and up close to the action. Love it!
This is now a weekly treat for pizza. This is authentic New York style pizza, indistinguishable from pie you'd get in NYC. Lots of places claim NYC style, this place actually comes through 100%. Nice staff, pleasant decor, an outside searing area, and by far the best pizza in Charlotte.
Finally I got to try this place. We walked in and the friendly service sat us down to enjoy the the beautifully decorated place. Everything from the pot of bread to my own customized omelet was amazing. I would highly recommend Rise & Shine to anyone who likes quality food and great service. Now I need to go back to try lunch!;)
Great people work here and never had bad service here.
A go to for a good dinner.  We have been there twice and both times were awesome.  The service was always prompt and courteous.  I have made recommendations to people I know, and have always been thanked after the fact by those who have eaten there.
YIKES! I was hoping for a better experience. We had a late dinner here and the food was not very appetizing and the service was not friendly. The only good thing is the wide selection of food at any hour. It's like a Denny's/IHOP, but pricier.
Worst employees in the world!!  Rude, uncaring, BS with each other while you wait, not familiar with the store, what they have or where it is.  Safeway, as crowded as the store is, they are more willing to be of service.
Good service and good food. I recommend it.
30 minutes to make 4 fish tacos and they screwed up the order.  Never again.
New pumps that take way to long to pump gas! Took 15 minutes for my 16 gallon car! Long lines does not mean good prices! Means extremely slow pumps
Great atmosphere.  Awful food.  Everyone looked like they were working hard to make everyone happy.  Except maybe the cooks.  The food was gross.  Good Ranch dressing and fries though.  Thank goodness.
Tammy did my nails. I usually go to a different nail shop but this one is near my house. The wait time was 15 minutes. They do an ok job. I would go back but prefer Nail Bar. The price is good for what you get.
Another disappointment in the valley. I was hoping the reviews on yelp helped but no success.
Went on opening day, they had tons of staff but were still slow. We ordered two hot dogs and fries and they forgot the fries. I got the chili dog, it was ok. He got the Chicago dog and liked it. Fries were good. Price is moderate.
It was okay, very clean, nice atmosphere but the food itself was a little disappointing.
We were very disappointed.  The food was ok at best.  The menu was limited.  I can't recommend this place.\n\nThe wine list was good and the service was good.  The setting is great (everything at the Wynn is nice).
One of the \"Great Edinburgh Mystery's\" Why does everyone Que outside Lucas in Musselburgh for a cone in the summer ?? when a far superior Ice Cream Parlour is just round the corner, many more delicious flavors ??? Oh,and hand made chocolates on offer too Which are v yummy !!
Love port of subs. Great subs, that are always fresh! Good location right on the edge of campus at Arizona State.
I went back to Luna's today and tried the Fire & Brimstone Quinoa Burger.\n\nOne word to describe it: HEAVEN.\n\nSeriously, check out the pics. I am a frugal gal but would splurge and spend $10 on that again.
Mug was a great place to work but it is time for me to move on.  I am now at Fantastic Sam's off the Gilbert exit on the 202.  I'll miss my regular clients...good bye n God bless.
Too much expensive and they also sold expired milk to us. I am suggesting to everyone not to go. \nrecently we moved from California as compare to that this shop is double in rates.
Super cute restaurant, friendly staff, and great pricing! Just had the diavolo, recommended by Cory at the bar, and it was delicious. Definitely a place to try if you haven't.
I got the western omelette with their potatoes and wheat toast... I LOVED their potatoes and toast... The omelette was pretty standard. Service was great and good was out quick. The atmosphere was nice And I liked how it looked. I will definitely be returning since I live right down the street.
I came with my sister yesterday. I've been here before so I already knew what to get and what not to get. As you can seen in the reviews below me, there is sushi included. The people that work there are very nice and helpful.
I would have been great but they somehow mixed my orders with the other customers. This place is also a bit far from where I stay and I only managed to try this place out on my day off. My work starts at 8 so its impossible to go here every morning. Still they have great coffee here. It was still worth it going here.
I do like to come here, but the drinks are way overpriced. Been here many many times. Love to watch the shadow, but not sure its worth the price.
Great compliments to the chef!! Not only was Marigold Maison's food spectacular, so was the service. Very professional service and knowledgable of the menu. There was a variety in choices of dishes and also in how spicy you can get it. My friends and I enjoyed our evening there. Will be visiting soon!!
After my hair dresser moved away, I had a hard time finding someone who was *really* good with blondes. 3rd times a charm I guess because Amy did a really great job. There was no brassyness and my hair came out feeling really healthy. I highly recommend Tonic. Great atmosphere, music and people working there.
Amazing service!!  Ask for Chloe, she is the best server in town. The food was great...you have to order the cheese cheese curds.
Table was dirty floor was worse. Dinner arrived with no utensils - attention to the basic details of restaurant management seem to be missing based upon our experience & previous reviews! Sorry we can't be more positive.
I wasn't thrilled by this.  I am sometimes overwhelmed by prix fixe dinners.  But this one was not my favorite of all the ones I have been to.  It was awhile ago, before I started blogging, so I cannot remember all teh details of the meal. But I do remember being decidedly underwhelmed.
My husband and I went to see the show and we're amazed. What a talented group!  Outstanding!!!
We went here on Halloween with my baby and mother and father-in-law. The service was really friendly, the food was great and the prices were reasonable. \nWe will go back.
Paid for an Americano and waited and waited and waited. I got my money back after 10 minutes of waiting. \nNobody who works there appears to care. It's an airport, people have places to go. I wish there was a zero star option.
As one of Michael's first clients (4+ yrs),  I can attest to his professional and friendly approach. My wife and I get treatments on a regular basis. His knowledge and skills \n\nYou are missing out if you do not choose Michael.
Service was very friendly. They are missing the mark on food. Salad dressing is store bought. Meats are tough. Hummus is bland. Menu reads super but tastes less than average. Would not come back unless they became a more authentic Mediterranean restaurant.
Came in at 1pm on a Sunday. If I wanted pre-made, reheated pizza I could have gone to Sabaros and not waited in line. There are too many great places in Vegas...don't waste your time here.
Nothing spectacular, but decent atmosphere, strong drinks and slightly above average food.
I think they removed my review :(  Run far away from this place...
Love the wings, service is cute. We doubted our waitress would remember our order because she didn't write anything down but she was SPOT ON.\n\nYou know what you get in Hooters. Well done.
Delicious!  Great service, good prices and tasty food.  Echo what previous posts say about the hashbrowns!  Breakfast burrito is really good and gigantic
secret pizza, thank you for being open late and located next to Marquee. \n\nThe line sucks but the pizza is pretty damn good. My favorite was the white pizza hands down.
Great atmosphere on the patio. The food was also amazing. A relaxing end to a long day with a good drink selection and good, upscale food.
Wie alle anderen auch... Sch\u00f6ner Bereich zum drau\u00dfen Sitzen, k\u00f6nnte aber mal wieder durchgeputzt werden.
Not a huge fan of the \"Merry X-Mas\" on the wrapping paper.  Not everyone celebrates Christmas and by doing that, you alienate a part of your clientele.
Only good on Fridays. The other days it's just venders. Friday actually has real people selling their own stuff.
In this part of town...it would consider decent compare to Panda Express. It's a hit or miss at this place. Wish it could be more consistent on their flavor.
BLEH!!!!!!!! Never go there. Loud, TERRIBLE SERVICE
Came in to play some golf, started the trip off right.  Awesome ribs, brisket, poboys and sides.  We got a bunch to share so we could taste different options and I think that is the way to go.  It's all good.
This place is the bomb. Fan-freaking-tactic pizza. Truly some of the best ive ever had. The owner is a really nice lady who made my pizza herself. I would recommend this to anyone. If only I lived closer I would have it more often.
Paid $6 for a PBR can. So many bars and so many choices. This is a bad one. Everything is meh and the bar is lifeless. At least you get free chips and salsa for checking in.
I had the amazing privilege of sitting with the absolute, kindest bartender Everitt! He made my drinks to perfection was knowledgable about the area and goings on at the bar and had a million dollar smile that he flashed often. Thanks Everitt, for such an axing experience.
We love this place. Always friendly service, and we like the food better than the bigger BBQ chains. My son loves the ribs and the brisket is outstanding!\n(FYI. The food at this location is far better than the Westgate location)
A Starbucks is a Starbucks but this one is difficult to find parking
Worst restaurant in Vegas period....\nI can write a book about there offensive quality of food and lack o service but I will not waste another second getting angry over this sorry esss establishment... big rip off... these crooks should be jailed
Good experience. Sat at the bar during the day. Ordered wine and some appetizers. Service was good and attentive. I want to have the dinner experience next!
Do not use this taxi company! Mean drivers with tempers. I won't be calling them ever again!
Like every other Olive Garden. This time around the staff was super friendly and attentive. Not something I'm used to. Made th experience much better. Great location.
Their buyers must be in the habit of purchasing ripped and damaged clothing. I don't care what label it is, ripped and dirty? Come on, you used to be much better than this. And snotty cashiers to boot. Hmmmm. At least there are other places to shop.
Bomb! Every time! So good.
Such a great alternative to a bar! Being active or just hanging out people watching. Love this place, we will be back!
The original kettle corn is awesome.. Sooo yummy. They have soo many different flavors. Great place for popcorn lovers.
Didn't really feel welcome. However, the roast beef sandwich with blue cheese was outstanding.  Probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
I had the fish and chips and ended up very sick for the rest of the day, I wanted to try it for the sake of it being on Restaurant Impossible. However I have been extremely sick to my  stomach for the past 24 hours.
Great food, friendly staff. I live close by and will be a regular for sure. Love it !!
Loved the seafood buffet on Sunday. The food was always stocked and tasted amazing. So many choices. Nancy at the bar and Jeff at the carving station were wonderful. Will be coming back again!
They forgot what I ordered, my omelette was dry, and the waiter never came back to refill my drink our give me my check still waiting for my waiter nowhere in sight service is extremely slow and sucks
The salmon on the rice bed was delicious.  The sad part was no scallops.  This is a menu item we were disappointed.\nThe music was very loud for  dinning room area.  I hope out next visit will be better.
I enjoyed the cafe au lait I drank here, but I wouldn't recommend this location for a place to study or relax.  It has a couple small tables and a small countertop space by the window, but otherwise the seating area is small.
The manager privately message me and gave us a buffet credit back which was nice of him!  I gave them one star extra for now and if we do ever go back?  If my husband will?  I hope next time their service and dinning will be better!  Thank you!
Lobster Quesadillas are to die for! 2pm - 7pm happy hour 50% off apps and drinks! So dank!
Best cappuccino I've had in Charlotte. Counter Culture Coffee (I ordered this coffee when I had my machine and imho the best around) and baristas that know what they are doing.  Will be back to try the drip and/or pour over.
Go here and get the green curry beef. Shh...don't ruin this, just do it. You'll be thanking me in your mind.
I've tried this place a few times, that was my last time. The food is not good to me.
Excellent chile rellenno and carnitas taco. The place looks rundown on the outside but the food is good and they're friendly. This is a good choice for Gila Bend.
dont ever go
This placed closed a while back.
Great place to buy onesies or pajamas for infant to toddler. Good prices especially if you sign up with your email and address. They'll send coupons in the mail and have punch cards where if you spend $100 you get $10 off!  Sometimes other clothes are cute and sometimes not, but definitely worth the trip.
Okay, I love this store.  You have to visit If you're looking for an ultra cool rug (simple geometric patterns) or end-table... Anything related to the home- but especially those.  Prices are phenomenal.
No.
I've been involved in Martial Arts for over thirty years and have known Instructor Chris Lopez for over 20.  He is by far one of the most talented Martial Artists I've ever met, period.  An even better instructor.  Couldn't give a higher rating to anyone or a better recommendation. Call him today and schedule a class.
Famous Dave's is a typical corporate barbecue place - heavy on the barbecue sauce to cover up the otherwise tasteless selection of meats. On the plus side, the bar is nice and well stocked, but I wouldn't suggest going for the food.
Horrible service...forgot to bring me my mustard I asked for (had to ask twice) and then forgot to bring our J\u00e4ger bombs! No thanks, glad I'm just passing through and will never be back
the dentists are wonderful...the staff and billing people are a nitemare. If it wasnt for the fact that payment in full is demanded before you even walk in the door, I would stay because the dentists are that good. I believe the staff must be incentivized to collect money.
Had the BBQ Burger for lunch. Too much lettuce tomato and 'fixings' to steal the taste of the burger away. \n\nLet the meat be the star of the burgers, not lettuce.
It's a small mall but if you want to see the largest Louis Vuitton in North America, Gucci, Cartier, Miu Miu, and the like this is your place!!!\n\noh yeah--BRING YOUR WALLET
Nothing to make me want to come back.  There are much better places to eat in Madison and other places have the added benefit of not being anywhere near the mall.
They charged me a dollar more than menu price for a bean burrito. It tasted good, but I do not enjoy being overcharged.
Terrible Prime Rib. But the drinks were good and the French Onion soup was pretty tasty.
The prices were a bit much for what you got. The server we had was nice in the beginning and then at the end seemed annoyed. Service was alright along with the food. Expected just a bit more from... Wasn't impressed as I guess this place is ranked #1 in Arizona.
look - this is a kinda divey bar right next to PNC park. loud music indoors. no idea of the food, but the drink poors are decent gievn the prices. We loved the outdoor area and acoustic guitar player.
We come here pretty much weekly. It's a bit of a drive (we have a Good Egg about 10 minutes closer) but well worth it. The service is prompt and friendly, and you are always warmly greeted at the door. Protein pancakes are our favorite, try substituting apples for the blueberries for a new experience.
I am very happy to say that our issue has been resolved, Rhonda the photo department manager was wonderful in assisting us and we have received all of our photos. Rhonda has exceeded our expectations in this matter and I am quite thankful!
Tiny, lukewarm portions and scatterbrained service at ridiculous prices.
Amazing...and they deliver.
Very friendly staff, tacos are amazing, Guac and salsa were fantastic.
I usually have the older Indian lady do my brows even though I'm not picky with who does them. I noticed that when she does them, it doesn't hurt. Lol!
When I got to the pickup window and paid, clerk said they didn't have Original and to pick crispy or grilled. Didn't he know this when I ordered?  Didn't he know this when I paid?  When I got home, box didn't contain what I'd ordered. Very in satisfying overall.
Took my boyfriend's car here after getting a quote from multiple other places on some semi-major repair work. Our experience here was great. Amazing service. Quick, cheap, and quality work. They tell you exactly the way it is and won't try to add on unnecessary services. Highly recommend them for all your car needs.
Their ramen is ok. I think the killer for me was how extremely salty their broth was even though I tend to eat most foods on the salty side. I also think they're overpriced for an average Japanese ramen house.
Really too expensive for a fast food !!  The burger was ok and deco is nice but we paid over 30 usd for a 2 people.. It s too much
Oh my goodness, I have a new fav wing place! The wings were well cooked and seasoned. The sauce didn't drown the flavor of the chicken, just enhanced it. And their fried catfish sandwich was simply delicious. My family loved it and this our new wing spot indeed!
Best authentic Japanese in Vegas bar none!
Love the breakfast. Wish they had bangus for breakfast
Didn't like the entire experience and the result. I asked for acrylic and went home with gel paying way more. Nice surprise at check-out. Nails were all different shape and length - I rectified that myself at home. I was really excited to try this new place and was very disappointed. Would not go back.
Simple question, what is so hard about making a dipped cone, that looks like the picture in the restaurant.  Sometimes they make it so fat, that it attacks my clothing.\nI love your dipped cones.  Addicted to it.
pork chop was excellent and so were the sides. flour-less chocolate cake was delectable. \n\nwaiter was a little...quirky. he sounded like napoleon dynamite.
I enjoy the salad here. A very casual atmosphere. Pizza used to be better. Wings are good! I like mine double fried. They deliver which I like on my lazy days.
Horrible experience at bottega - told the staff we are leaving and the waitress said 'perfect'. Stay away - they do not deserve your business.
The snails and bread were good otherwise don't eat dinner here.  Slimy undercooked farmed salmon and greasy cheesy pasta.  No one at our table liked the various other entrees. Great view of the strip though!
Great Food! Really enjoyed the \"Combo\".  This is kinda take-out style, but does have tables.
In LOVE with my blowout and makeup! Next time I'm in Vegas, DEFINITELY coming here for hair by Owen and makeup by Amanda. HOOKED IT UP for our wedding party! Feeling beautiful! Thank you!
The food was awesome!! I would highly recommend the coffee rubbed steak. The service was great and the waiter was very helpful. A must go to in Vegas!!
I'm constantly serching for quick healthy lunch options. This place is exactly what I was looking for!  It's basically like a Mom and Pop Chiptole with Mediterranean Food. Everything was colorful, fresh, healthy. I will be adding this to my frequent lunch spots!
This was a great buffet, no doubt at all.  However, for the cost-equivalent to some of the excellent steak houses on the strip, I would go that way next time.   We showed up at 430 and waited ended up getting seated about 6 on a Saturday.
Third time in a row no pizza ready waiting as it use to be.\n\nAlways have to wait it use to be fast now you just wait.\n\nGoing to start going to a different one.
Ordered delivery through Yelp and was worried due to the previous complaints but within 40 mins there was a knock at the door. Chicken Philly is really good! I'll definitely be ordering delivery again
Disappointed. Food was mediocre and service was slow. This is a southern place and the chicken gravy was brown!!! Meh.
Have eaten here a couple of times and thought the hamburgers were good. Service was fine too
First time going to cc's and it was great! The guy who did my nails fixed the shape and was very quick yet they look perfect!
Ehhh? Just so so, Like kind of going to wendys but they bring your food to you . Only reason I tried it was from a friends reccomendation and he must have been hung over that day that he thought it was so great ?
I went in to see an old coworker who owns this joint.  Although he was not in I found the staff very attentive and the food was quick and very tasty.  Looking for a cold drink and tasty mexican, I suggest this resturant.
I came with a group for lunch.  It's a nice place to take a date; it's beautiful in an old house in historic downtown Glendale.  The food was ok, took a while to come out and was a bit overpriced for the portions.  I was still hungry after I ate, but it was a nice atmosphere.
I have used JUST-IN TIME twice now and they're great. They treat your time as if it were theirs, and the same for your belongings. Quick, efficient, pleasant, and not a scratch on anything. What more can you ask for?
Not too bad. The service is great and the food is good. The drink list is limited to say the least, but I would go back.
Its ok. Food was ok, service was ok, atmosphere was ok. I do not see myself going back.
This sushi bar is wonderful. Marlena was our bartender/waitress and was great. She was so helpful in picking out items that were gluten free and delicious. With allergies its sometimes difficult to tell what's in everything. Both the sushi and drinks were good.
We had a party of 6. Five out of six steaks had issues with one served raw. Horrible experience. The manager was not apologetic at all. Very disappointed.
Really hideous food.  Got a chile rellenos combo and it was like rubber and in watery liquid.  They guy at the register was also grumpy which did not add to the experience.  I asked if I could have one flour and one corn torilla and was told a flat \n\"NO\".  Not going back!
Went for a girls weekend two years ago. We stayed at the Bellagio but had dinner here and then went to the Marquee. It was a wonderful time. There were mermaids at the Marquee which was incredible and made me want to change my career path. All of the women I was with were happy and would come back!
Good, unique small dine in with simple flavors.
Old school pub in Tempe. I like the patio with Christmas lights and heaters. It is the last bar on that side of the road so cool views of Mission Palma Hotel and Hayden Butte mountain. The fish and chips are bomb. Good happy hour food prices.
These guys r awesome!! Super nice they drilled out my wife's octopuss for us had us try some of the best juice they offer. Great place to hang out and just talk with the guys! Awesome selection of mods and rda's !
I am a hugeeee sweets lover so I was pumped about this place...unfortunately I was let down. Me and my girlfriend split a big ice cream sundae surrounded by cookies. The ice cream was nothing special and the cookies were so stale!! What a let down. Should have done there famous frozen hot choc I guess
I've never eaten at the restaurant but myself and the people I work with always order take out from here, and it's amazing!  The sa-te beef dinner is to die for!  Highly reccommended!
great food friendly staff pad kee mao how was amazing
This BK stinks like throw up and shit. Their burgers were bland and not so tasty at all.
Classic drink food. Just Noodles, no frills, open late, cheap as dirt, served super quick in massive heart-stopping portions. I don't know for sure that it's MSG laden, but the hallucinations suggest that yes.
Great place to go if you don't want to wait for a table at the other food spots.
Food is great here, but the service need a great deal of improvement! Ex: never check back, refills, dirty dishes all on table.. Don't know if a manager is working or not oh wait she dropped off one of our burgers.
Carey the lady who answered my call was definitely helpful with her sarcastic answers to my question given that they just came back from lunch hr. Thank you for giving me much information with my insurance questions.
This salon is one of the best in town. Their customer service was phenomenal and they always remember your name.  They have a Hot stone spa pedicure for $19 and many other pedicures at reasonable prices.
Steak has potential. Too salty. Too much pepper. You can scrape it off
This place is slow as molasses for fish. There are crickets on the floor and occasional doggie accidents. Grooming is good tho.
Went here last night. Everything was amazing. Tom yum roll, udon noodle soup and tempura rice bowl!!! Try the pork dumplings and honey toast too! :)
Cheap eats - 2 course lunch for \u00a37.95 and cheap pints of beer.  We had the chicken strips and meatball calzone.  Both were tasty.  Very quick service for the middle of the afternoon.  Looks like it could be lively in the evening.
We arrived an hour before close and there was barely anything left. Everything else was Luke warm and just tasted old and gross.  Pretty much a waste of money.
closed - july 1 2013
I always enjoy chatting with the counter staff.  They are friendly.  The coffee cups have shrunk since it was Mama Javas.  Large isn't so large anymore.  Charging $.50 for almond milk instead of cream in my coffee is petty.   I stop in occasionally because of convenience.
Not at all worth it. Front of the car was not clean at all. Paid an extra $5 to have the wheels cleaned and the brake dust still remained on the rims. Will not be going back
Went there for the first time with a group of 6, excelent service, food was OUTSTANDING!!! will definetly be back soon.
Great place to shop for grandson. Time to start buying his back to school clothes and also some summer clothes.  This is a newer store very clean and staff ate nice.
Awesome customer service. Love all the choices. Favorite, chai tea latte!
Stay there.  Great customer service, great experience.  Beautiful all around and I have to say I don't want to stay anywhere else ever again.\n\nPlus it was probably icing on the cake that I left UP $150 when I was gambling.
I am a fan of Culvers, but this location is not as awesome as the ones in Minneapolis and Wisconsin.  However, good service nonetheless, excellent burgers and mmm Culvers frozen custard.  It just can't be beat.
Toujours agr\u00e9able de se prendre un petit lunch \u00e0 cet endroit. Toujours bon toujours abordable.
the soup and salad were good\n\nthe entrees were mediocre\n\nthe prices were strip high\n\nthere are many better choices
Worst experience!\nWe sat and ate here. The service was ok but their chicken sandwich was absolutely terrible. I'm not a fan of McDonalds but their dollar menu sandwich is probably better than this $7 something piece of tasteless food.\nNever going back.
I love this place because it always nice people that help you if need it and I most like coming after 10:00pm cuz there not a lot of people they also have a McDonald's inside and clean also they give your food fast and hot
If looking for a quick bite in New York New York, this place will definitely fill you up. Big, heavy slices, loads of cheese. Definitely better than chain pizza joints.
Shouldve stayed as subway. Hovel of a place but it had more soul than what it's become.
Brandon and Roberto are awesome! I only trust this place in all of Pittsburgh to do my fianc\u00e9's hair ;) AND THE PUPPIES super cute!
This is the best hotel that we have ever stayed at.  You feel like you are on top of the world.  Huge rooms, nice views, great location.  Can't be beat.
This place is horrible. I ordered take out and after getting half way through each of my take out boxes realized my food was swimming in oil half the box was food and half was greasy oil.
They don't carry bagel chips anymore and everything in there is easy found in Hawaii.  If you're from the mainland and looking for treats from Hawaii, I'd recommend asking a friend to send it to you.
Got a Groupon for 25 dollars that was good for archery practice for two. The gf and I went, we had tons of fun. The employees were informative and gave everyone pointers when they saw we needed them and I needed a lot! We will definitely be back.
Indoor & Outdoor dining with drive in and drive threw type service.  Food is always good.  Never had slow service.  They have 1/2 off drinks between 2-4p
Unfortunately, we didn't have dessert.  Instead, we had brunch, and enjoyed it, although the potato pancakes were weak.  If I go back, I'll try dessert or go late in the day and sit at the bar.
Katie is an amazing hair stylist! Not only is she really talented, but she has a fun, energetic personality to boot. Great location also. Go to Salon KT for all your hair/makeup needs for sure!
Dr. J is great.  He truly cares about his patients; he cares about me.  My wife and I love the office, Liz is amazing!!  I highly recommend Dr. Justesen.\n\nKenny
Burgers and fries are good. Service was good. The cheesecake is nasty!!!!! $3.99 for bottomless drinks is ridiculous!
I will edit/elaborate soon.\n\n5 minutes to get our order taken (only people waiting to order)\nFood was bland.\nDead cockroach on table next to us.
Delish!!! Top notch service and food. The meatball is to die for and can't complain about the chicken parmigiana, calamari or gnocchi either.
The hotel is pretty cool...not bad.  It's a more economical hotel and you're still on the strip!  The people in this hotel aren't as chic as the other newer hotels, but the theme is so fun and you can take great pictures here.
I paid $17.50 for an inside-outside cleaning and was given a dirty car. After agreeing that the car was dirty, the manager refused to have them vacuum it again.
It was ok. There are better pho places in Phoenix like pho thanh or 43rd express. I thought I give it a try since the reviews gave it a good rating.  Nothing special here.
Had the blackened Mahi Mahi tacos - Yum!  Was nice to have a tasty option to fried fish tacos.  Will def be coming back :)
love it.  i have been comming here with the rents since i was little, so its nostolgic for me.  i still get the same thing, a scoop of lemon on top of a scoop of chocolate in a waffle cone.
I have tried twice now - NO BUENO!!!!  I had such high hopes for this place.  VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!  :(
I thought this place was not that good for Indian food. \nThe place was not that clean. Overall I have had much better Pakistani/Indian food and wouldn't really recommend this place to anyone who would want very good food.
Over priced, Over rated\nService was slow, Steaks were over cooked and Lobster was like eating a tire!  Very sad!
Cute place for kids but overly priced. $20 for my 5 year old boy to get a buzz cut. Not worth it to sit in a taxi.
I Love Fat Tuesday's!!! If your in Vegas you must grab a 99 octane, hurricane or both as a 44 Magnum. Be sure to add a few extra shots of everclear and 151 rum for only $1 more. Best deal in vegas!!!
Berry Good is a tiny little yogurt shop tucked back in a not very busy shopping center.  It is cute and friendly spot unfortunately their are not many choices of flavors and the yogurt is on the bland side.
I thought it was very boring considering the price. They have 1 dish and it's a basic salad and steak and fries. The steak I had coated $20 and was thin and tough.  The fries are pretty lame too. I don't understand the great reviews.
Do not get the juicy Lucy! It is not juicy. \n\nI think the only good thing here is the mac and cheese potato balls, and the fried cheese churd (like mozzarella sticks).
The best place you'll ever eat at! The  service is amazing, I highly recommend this restaurant.
The location is really nice, they seem have a lot nice restaurants and shops to walk around. I went there with my boss at 11pm for a secret screening from one of our clients. The theatre is kinda old. Also it is really difficult to find a cab after midnight. You will have to call for pick up service.
Have you ever asked a cab driver to take you to a good place to party? This was my first time and most likely the last.
What I like most about this dental office is that Dr. Parsanko and his staff put me at ease during my visit. I usually get very anxious, but this visit was efficient and pleasant.
Good food but we lately they can not get the to go orders right! \n\nNothing worse getting home with your order and it's not right! TWO TIMES AND A ROW!
ugh not a fan :(
This is just a great place to get a cup of coffee, some food, and get some work done. Plenty of seating, including comfortable chairs at the tables, and nice furniture to kick back on.\n\nThey make a pretty decent breakfast burrito too.
Disgusting!
It's okay. To me it seems a tad over-hyped but that's just me. Our hipster server forgot my glass of wine and brought us the wrong order, but in all fairness I think he was having a bad hair day and we've all been there at one time or another.
LOVE Dyer's and go there whenever I'm in the area for a fix of the caramel and cheese mix. But Carlton keeps adding other flavors so now I'm going to have to branch out...it's good I bought the jumbo container to refill...
I can't imagine going anywhere else for my glasses! Shaun/Sean and the entire staff is great!  The doctor is fantastic as well.
Good comfort food, reasonable prices, great service. Excellent burgers and breakfast entrees. This is a good establishment if you want to avoid some the higher priced restaurants in the same area.
Delicious & friendly staff! The baguette used for the sandwich was extremely soft and the potato soup was perfect for today's gloomy weather. Only downside was that the coffee was slightly acidic/sour but that's only a preference. Will def be back for lunch soon
this review is for their coffee shop.  One of the best kitchens in town.  Always a great meal.
Elite Nails is very clean, and serve clients in a very warm environment! If you decide to go, visit nail technician Apple! Simply the best!!!
Great food fast.  Clean place.  Good service.  Try the shrimp burrito and fish tacos.
I was looking for something quick to eat for lunch and stumbled by this place between the Mandalay bay and luxor.  Food and service were ok. A good place if you're looking for something to eat and get in and out.
I think I was overreaching a bit with a 4 star review here. In fact, I prefer the coffee at a few other coffee shops on forbes than the coffee here : /
once you've had indian food from amar india in dayton, ohio, everything else is just bland.  this place is okay for a fix i guess.  still waiting for a place that serves indian food as good or better than amar
Very delicious chicken. They ran out of bread when we were there (...it's a bakery...?) but we got the chicken plate (which came with a massive sub roll on the side so we ended up with sandwiches anyway. Very good food, good value and I would definitely go back.
Plateau lounge: good, but could be better.  \n\nMontreal is definitely in need of better places to get a nightcap, and this certainly misses the mark by NY standards.  The music was forgettable and the bartender had no idea what vodkas they served, but otherwise, it's fine.
Great food always. Service slow tonight, but will always come back as we love this place!
Sushi is terrible. I am so sick to my stomach. Will never eat there again.\nFish was frozen!
Well executed.  Each course timed well and tasted great.  I recommend it.
Mediocre sushi, that is priced above what it should be at.
Love this place!  It's got some great clothes, shoes & kitchen stuff!
Best burger ever... It's been over a month and I still think about ways to get back and have another one. Delicious!
I told my daughter she'd get to see lions. WHERE ARE THE F'n LIONS?
Goodness.......... Possibly first bad review I've given on yelp. Manager was incredibly RUDE. Apparently you don't matter as a customer if you are close to their closing time. Can't believe the rudeness of this supervisor when asked simple questions. Will not return.
This might be the best burger I ever had. Clean, fast, affordable, and fresh. This place is awesome!
This place was pretty cost affordable. The pool is nice. The employees are great! It's pretty quiet at this hotel! It's close to the strip and the monorail, which is awesome if you're looking to be on the strip, but not actually staying on it. Overall, the hotel was great!
A famous restaurant. Good service, very juicy and tender steak. While, the beer collection is not so good. Almost only canned beers are available (I just saw one beer tap there, which is not on the menu).
I love the phillycheese steak sandwich and also the BBQ chicken strips my second favorite is the meatball sandwhich with jalapenos in it.. i dont eat pizza much because im lactose intolerant... at last have to try it one time
Awesome station that plays everything. Well at least everything that I like. From the 80's to Today. Not to Lite and not to heavy. Just right.
We have been to the Haymaker 5 times now and it never disappoints.  It is nice to have a non-chain restaurant in the area that has very good food & service.  The decor is great also.  I would highly recommend.
Best buffalo \"chicken\" wings ever.
Really not impressed here. Server Lai-hai was uneducated on the menu, unpleasant and acted like having us there was an inconvenience. She never came back after we received our food. \n\nWe are staying here in the hotel. \n\nThis would be a four star review but crap ruined that.
This place was horrific. Horrible food! Breaded to death. Barely Enough Sauce And poor response to my complaint. This place should be avoided at all cost.
Cute little shop. Lots of cute outfits for my teen. Affordable. I have even bought a few things for myself.
This place is now a mexican bakery.
I was here for dinner on a Saturday night . The place was crowded but not jammed . I had the seafood tasting and my date had the chefs tasting . We were both pleased but I felt the portions were small . The only draw back was that the service was slow but everyone was professional and nice .
The wings were disappointing; not crispy and just okay. That is all I tried. It was a take out and the service was good. That's all I got to say right now.
called business to order lunch and no one answered after several placed calls.
Great goods for crossfitters
This place is horrible. They nickel and dime everything. I asked for an extra cup and they charged me 64 cents. That's why they never grew up to the stature of sbux. Sucks.
Best Sandwhich I've had in Phoenix ever!! Oh and I've lived here for over 3 years!!
The worst customer service I have experienced in my life. How is it possible you are even in business?
YES. Eat here. Don't ponder, just do it. \n\nSo good. Friendly people. Fast. \n\nThe Greco is one of my favorites here. Happy eating! :)
Awesome!!   Dr. Josh spends ample time explaining everything to his patients, and has extensive knowledge.  This is not a 2 minute back crack, we will see you back kind of office.  LOVE the ice therapy before and after my sessions.
Worst hotel in the area... Never stay here... Worst service.... Bathroom tap lickeage... No toothpaste... No shampoo.... I paid $580 for 2 days... Worst worst hotel
Lindsey was very nice and attentive! We tried the picnic pack..was enough for 3people.food was okay! Bread really dry.we try brisket and pulled pork.meat was dry...
It's a normal corporate gym. It gets the job done.
This is a good pizza. Went with two slices of cheese and honestly one was all I needed. These are huge slices. Big enough to fold.
This is my favorite pizza place in Charlotte!  The crust is crunchy and the sauce very tasty.  The tiramisu is amazing when it's available.  I wish they delivered!
Delicious kabobs and fresh bread...\n\nAnd Free Wifi...what else do i need:)?
First time over there. The patio was very nice and I was with a friend that I have not seen for years. I was expecting so much from this place and I was disappointed. The food was ok but I was expecting much more from this place. First and last time ... Too many good restaurants to waste money at this one .
Ok but nothing special. Ambience was like Applebee's. Food was bland.
Jesse Marco? Main Act? 30 bucks? Honestly? Who contracted this guy? Worst DJ ever...\"la la la\"...\"party people\"...\"la la la\". Get style Mr. Marco!
It was closed even after they had taken reservations from us. So either their reservation system was off (OpenTable-ed it) or they had to close for that day.
The fry bread was flat out amazing! I wasn't sure what to expect the first I ate here and I was pleasantly surprised with my choice. I got the beef taco with red sauce.. literally to die for. Unfortunately it's more unhealthy than I would like but sometimes the best tasting food is bad for you.
Daphne's salads are soooo fresh!! Chicken is out of this world.  Cooked to perfection!  I love this place for take out lunch i eat back at my office!!
This place is all right. Check in was a breeze (maybe because I came at 4am!). Yes it's old and outdated, but there's free wi-fi, so that's a plus for me. :)
The groomers there werent very nice to my dog, hes very sweet and well behaved. When I got my cat groomed she still had loose hairs all over her. However, there hours are great! 8 am-8 pm. It cost about $65 bucks to bathe and groom my cat. More money for my dogs.
Tried just about everything during Christmas.  I thought it was overpriced for BLAND baked goods. No reason to come back.
Bland burger. Very disappointing. Long wait, bad service, bland food. Gordon Ramsey would have not been happy i can assure you. Ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and there was very little spice or flavor. Even had the stem of the jalepeno (the rough non-edible part) in there.
It was ok, it didn't wow me but I'd come back if I were in the area.
Never again, just avoid it, I felt like I was ripped off.  Of course I only have myself to blame for that.
ILLY COFFEE that means its good coffee.  Little Pricey but there is a price when you pay for good coffee...
What a joke! Got a mailer for 2 free nights here. Have called twice and left a message in the last week. No return call. Gimmick.....
The concept is interesting, its like subway but with Sushi. I think I will go back again. You can call your order in also which is great when your on your lunch break
Butterfish is pretty amazing.
One of the best I have ever been to.  Great stage and performers. Great atmosphere and drinks.  Place is kept up and never had an issue there.  Just don't be a jerk,  perv or stuck up and you'll have a blast
Vegas has mediocre indian food. Butter chicken and tikka masala were both watery and spiced weirder than most tikka masalas ive had. I cant stress this enough- dont go to vegas to get indian food
I been to Mon Ami Gabi before and their food is really good too and i want to come back its just i don't really go to the Strip much but once i go to the strip again i will come back and try new menu.
Holy crap on a cracker... The Bobbie sandwich is a little bit of heaven on a plate.  Perfect stuffing, the pulled turkey a fantastic touch, just the right amount of mayo and cranberry...\n\nHighly, highly recommended
I finally went to the pool party I was more than I expected...so fun!!! Beers are 6.50..so drink up before you go
Great beer. Great service. Great food. What more is there to say? Highly recommended.
As a Texan and an afficianado of prime beef, Carnevino is bad beyond belief. The signature bone-in ribeye was flavorless, excessively fatty (even for a ribeye) and not tender. I would not have paid five dollars for this $70+ steak. A total disaster.
This place is amazing! The food tastes just like it was made in Detroit. And the service? Completely friendly! I would recommend this place to Michigan natives and anyone who has never had a coney dog before. You will definitely be back for more!
Very poor service today. I've always heard good things about Kabuki, but the service was terrible. It took forever to get drinks, which is even worse on 105 degree day in Vegas. I will say the lunch specials are tons of food, and tasted pretty good, however the crappy service killed it for me!
Terrible service I mean terrible didn't even refill our drinks at all and I could see the waitress flirting in the back while we were waiting to even order our food.
I barely watched the burlesque show and I didn't have any bourbon. That being said, I still enjoyed 1923. The cocktails were tasty, the decor plush and sexy, the cigar room cool. \n\nI'd love to return to watch the show in its entirety.
True diner breakfast!! And it's on our way to work! Friendly and fast! Who need a nasty McDonalds breakfast???
There's not a whole lot left to say except that great customer service, delicious food and very affordable prices make this place an amazing find and one of my favorite places to eat. Oh, and the Vampiro and horchata are truly to die for.
This is my second time here at thirteen! My last visit was great! Food was great! As well as the service! From what I heard they have a dog friendly patio!!! How awesome! Would recomend this place to anyone in the area! They always have great lunch specials!
They actually open at 11:00 am , not 9:00. Also, the address listed is wrong. It is actually 2630 rio solado parkway. Other than that, the facility is okay. Staff isn't very tentative.
Horrible! The burgers are extremely small and not even very tasty I will never go here again! Ok service but the food was nothing special. Also over priced for the tiny portions they give you.
Great place to be creative.
Not bad! The chicken brochette seemed to have a Dijon-honey mustard glaze which I found delicious!! The portions are large with each plate being filled with salad and large potato wedges. I'd go again
My fave place by far for Pho, its my fave place also for comfort food. I love the #11!!!
This is just another sleazy motel like Casino worst than a highway motel \n\nPlease STAY AWAY from this place. This place is not even worth a try.
I saw Yuki tonight, its the first time in almost 5 years since I've had my nails done and she was awesome! Salon is comfortable and clean.
Really good food but super slow service.   Takes way too long for them to come and even bring u a drink or tea to start with.    It's just too slow of service.  The girls primp more than they focus on good service.   Like I said I love the food.  But will get it to GO FROM now on.
Got to store checked in...then found out you have to buy a mattress in order to get two free pillows...not cool should have been up front about that
A decent dance club...alot better than margarita moma or matrix.  Sometimes there is a line but it wont last longer than 10mins.  I havent been in almost two yrs but it is somewhere I would def check out again when im home
They have fast friendly service. The food is always so good and cooked fresh to order. It's a little loud but the view of the strip makes up for the noise. Love the salsa and bean dip.
These people were so rude! No regard for patient confidentiality whatsoever. I was treated as if I were a second-class citizen. I walked out.
I wasn't expecting the turnaround on a sign to be so fast.  Their pricing was way better than anywhere else as well.  The staff is awesome and amazing and ensured everything was just right before I left.  I will be back for sure!
Stopped in for brunch and now it is dinner. As is sit here with my empty drink I would love to be able to review the food but don't think that is going to happen. \n\nI guess it needs to be 5 in the morning to get good service.
What better way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo than with warm chips, fresh salsa, authentic Michoacan dishes, yummy margaritas, Don Julio girls passing our free shot glasses, and an awesome Mariachi band.\n\nNow this is a Mexican restaurant I can vouch for.
Not impressed.\n\nExpensive, mediocre food. Slow waitress.\n\nOkay... not INCREDIBLY expensive, but not worth it for average food.
It was okay. No big wait but I had a groupon deal. I wouldn't go back unless I had another. And even then if I saw another groupon I probably wouldn't bother buying it. The food was nothing to rave about. It was just blah.
Definitely won't be back. Prices are ridiculous for the quality. Not to mention the service ( I'm in the industry). The pumpkin curry entree was $18 and mediocre at best.
I stayed here at an incredibly cheap rate via hotwire. I was quite pleased with the value, although the room I stayed in (on the fifth floor with no view) lacked the character found in the grand hotel lobby below. Nevertheless, the room was quiet, clean, and very comfortable.
It isn't well known but each Manuel's is owned by one of the children of the original owner- the best one is on Peoria, that is one that you hear good things about.
Great Thai food. Happy to have a good Thai restaurant around here. The chicken pad Thai & Yellow curry (hot) were perfect! The Thai ice tea was soothing. Service was good too. Yay for Thai food!!!!!
very typical dim sum. i don't know why it's still called a buffet though since they are no longer a buffet.
I ordered their Angel Wings and for $11.30, they served just two with nothing else.
I loved the food. Healthy and delicious.
The place was awesome. Food was EXCEPTIONAL. And definitely reasonably priced. Check it out. I know that I will be going back.
Fun hipster bar that's always got some interesting people to chat with and a decent band lineup...but you'll wait FOREVER for a drink if it's busy. Order two at a time is my recommendation.
The best view in the valley! The patio overlooks the valley,  what a great place to relax and sip on some wonderfully prepared cocktails with your significant other.  The food is always something special,  artfully prepared.  The staff is always on point and ready to please.
This place is whack. The worker was a total weenie and pretty creepy too. I'd go to one of the other places down the street.
Bouffe extr\u00eamement sal\u00e9 !! Bi\u00e8re d\u00e9cevante m\u00eame apr\u00e8s quelque essaie !! Mais ambiance cool !!
Great service, great drinks and their custom glasses are awesome.  I personally recommend getting a Zombie in a Bearded Clam glass.
First time ordering from this restaurant the orange chicken was awesome the hot and sour soup was a little spice to it But it was really good and they delivered all the way to 39th Ave. and Northern.
At one time Mario's was the place to go in the southside, when it was the only thing in the southside.  But now the food is below average and it's just for a place for drunk immature assholes. There are better places to go now.
Unfriendly staff and horrible hot coffee the iced coffee is good apparently they can't sell coffee because they are always giving it away for free I like free stuff but you get what you pay for and I would go somewhere else for coffee
halo halo and ensaymada baby! salamat.
Great atmosphere. I was there solo and ate at the bar. Friendly patrons and staff. Their homemade pappardelle with bolognese rivaled my favorite at Piccolo Angolo in NYC. Will definitely become a regular here.
Every time I go to this place I ask myself what I am doing there. I rarely find anything there that is a good buy and the staff is completely ridiculous.  They usually talk down to me and they aren't very helpful at all. Even more so when I try to sell very good items to them I get very little back. Not worth it.
Didn't have matching bottoms:\\
Decent burritos and friendly staff around the clock. Its a whole in the wall but it will do. I recommend their breakfast burritos! Wish I could give it 3.5 but I might change to 4 stars after I try more dishes.
Great food! Their Lechon has the authentic Cebu taste!
Amazing !! You get so much food the fajitas are enough for 3 because you get so full off everything else you get this place is amazing hands down! And get free soup love it
Recently had my nephews 6th bday party at pump it up.  Everyone had a blast however felt like we were rushed from room to room then rushed to eat... Staff was very nice nd friendly....
If ur looking for quantity not quality this is for you. There seafood buffet isn't much better.
Cibo is delicious! I especially love their dessert crepes. They have good service and a great atmosphere!
Everyone looks for that little hole in the wall that turns out to be a gem in the rough.  This isn't it.  it's closer to rough than gem.  Food is iffy at best.  Service is borderline.  They have good hours and the chips are relatively fresh so all is not a loss.
This place needs a makeover!  Out of date and very dim golf at night.  Putt putt courses are lame....run down and needs upkeep.
I have been going to hard rocks cafe all over the place, my wife going today, for a bite to eat, food was so so have had better, staff looked like they didn't really be there, one guy had to wear his sunglasses, and if your a pin trader FORGET about. I probably won't be back.
\"Pad Thai was incredible, and the appetizers were tasty food art.\"
A 5 year old could do this.  They had a mock up of a crime scene and then you look at the \"lab\" that consisted of basically a picture match of things that any kid could do.  The mock up even had flaws in it and there really are no clues or anything to figure out.
Their burgers are delicious. Fast service too! My boyfriend and I thought we'd have to wait a long time in the long line, but 30 minutes is pretty average for popular restaurants. We were surprised and pleased by the overall experience.
The pizza was okay.. We ordered a large and there was nothing great about it. The customer service (phone) was great though and for under 9 bucks you kinda can't beat it.
What a waste of $11! We were walking back from a club, and needed a midnight snack. FAIL! Chicken Sandwich was dry and bland, and chocolate strawberry was not sweet. If we go back, we'd have to stick to their sweets.
My boyfriend loves this place. $25 haircut and a beer. Yeah.
Great place to get some unique items or the basics all at good prices. We usually only get a few specific things here, but are always pleased. I love the \"loosy\" beer section.
CLOSED.  They do have a Charlotte location not far away in University City that is still open. Good food, used to be a favorite in college (Boone) eat there less as I don't frequent sandwich places that often and their non sandwich offerings are limited.
Our favorite Thai place in the east valley.  Wish we lived closer so we could visit more often. Great place to eat family style. It gets busy during dinner time and not many seats but worth the wait.
Awful greasy Mexican food; margaritas from mix; no decor\n\nDon't understand what restaurant the other reviewers went to.
Cornbread here is best I've had. BBQ is decent but the fried chicken was soggy and lacked flavor. I've had better in California. Not the best soul food representation for the south.
We had  pound hot dogs that were pretty good, but I would avoid the  the prepared food in the deli case which looked pretty nasty.
Very pricey for what you get, and their burgers were burnt. Definitely not coming back.
Food was OK, tried the BBQ chicken and the brisket.  Both were dry, and the BBQ sauce was average at best.   Only got one biscuit, inspite of  asking for two.  \n\nProbably will not be back.
The food took twenty minutes to arrive, and then the sweet potato fries were cold. The ketchup still has the foil inner seal. The bun was barely toasted and the pork was over salty and dry. Just terrible. Will never return.
Endroit super sympathique pour d\u00e9couvrir des p\u00e2tisserie du Venezuela ! Le caf\u00e9 y est excellent aussi et le personnel tr\u00e8s accueillant! :)
3.5 stars 4 for sports bar. \nFriendly staff good wings burger.. It's a sports bar for god sake..
Cool atmosphere, very modern and chic. Prices are kinda high, but tuesday nights are $3 nights so I suggest going then. Good place to go have a drink, but don't go if you're looking to get hammered - you'll go broke and they'll probably kick you out.
Finally shampooed the dog myself. FYI Casper's, she does not have any naturally yellow fur- it's as white a new fallen snow and very shiny now. I have told everyone how you lied to me about shampooing my dog,and I will continue to let people know about your dishonest practice.
The food was actually pretty good.  I think I had the country fried steak sandwich and it was pretty good.  A lot to choose from, and friendly staff in the nice sized dive bar.  I would come back.  They say the burgers are good.
Best Chinese fast food I have found in the area.  Had Dragon Phoenix (1/2 shrimp with veggies and 1/2 general taos) --- plentiful, flavorful and fresh! New favorite take out place.
Very impressed.  After a few failed restaurants at this location, I'd bet this one is here to stay.  Their other location is in Lake Las Vegas.
Raspberry Rose Macaroon, How I love thee!!!\n\nNever disappointed.  Attempt to try something new everytime that I visit.  Croque Madame, soups, mashed potato cake, sandwiches, baked goods all fabulous.
The only boba place I go to!
Staff was great...food was average at best.  Not much more to say...
This place has gotten much better than the first time trying it the year they opened.  Now, the food is much tastier.  We usually get the shrimp dishes: fried rice, lo mein and shrimp with lobster sauce.  All tasty and as good as you can get for chinese food in Surprise.
Excellent service, great food, very super good!!!
Incredibly good bread, pastries, and coffee.  The croissants and baguettes are just like what you can buy in France.
Beer menu is nice\nBeware! Chicks behind the bar \nHave bad attitudes.\n\n\n(b)
Moki's won't blow your mind, but it's a decent place to satisfy your Hawaiian food cravings at a reasonable price.
Beautiful and relaxing.  The waitresses are attentive (considering the amount of people they have to deal with) and the drinks are really delicious albeit slightly pricey but it's Vegas...
A bit small inside. Bathrooms are clean and food is always great. The boy at the register is nice. There are Roberto's all over town but I prefer this one because of the cleanliness and food consistency.
I love the staff at this location. They always make me feel welcome, the night shift all know me when I walk in the door. I wish they wore name tags so I could compliment them individually, but they all play a part in making this my go to burger in las Vegas. Thank you Five Guys (and girls!)
Went to sammys so we could try the big ass cheeseburger. This place should be on the strip, the burger meat is nothing special and the bacon is basically just fat. Not worth it at all. But the milkshakes, soooo good.
Finally stopped back here tonight on my way home to get some gas.  I think it's been years since I've been to this Cogo's/Citgo.  I remember coming here in my 20s when I lived in the neighborhood.  Still the same good ol' Cogo's!
Not worth the wait or the price. I didn't find many dishes of value and a few things were quite salty.
Great coffee, nice breakfast menu, food is tasty and certainly reasonably priced for a Vegas hotel restaurant. No wait at all on a Thursday morning but this could change depending on local events.  I would definitely come again for breakfast.
The pool looks nicer than it used to. Music still sucks.
They took forever & messed up all our orders! \nThanks guys you have terrible service.
Terrible service on a Saturday night!? Watch your check. They add 18% without asking and it is hidden in with the meal charges. Don't know how I caught it but will not be back-ever. Oh and the food was bad all around. Spend your money else where!
Average food on a very limited menu.  Service was barely adequate, and the prices were very over-priced.  Location is convenient, but parking can be an issue.  Seems to be very popular with the trendy high school crowd [something I shied away from even when I was in high school]...
The only reason I come here every now and then, is because it's close to our home. Otherwise, this place is known to mess up your drive-thru order.
The servers were nice but it took AN HOUR for my food to be served. Horrible. And it doesn't even taste good. Not even worth the wait.
It's closed. It doesn't exist anymore. I went all the way there to find that out
Ordered to-go. The breaded pork cutlet tasted ok but the texture seemed like it was defrosted n over cooked?? Too much rice in bowl. The soft shell crab roll was good though but too big diameter-wise.
Went to lunch with my college class, We had the buffet. Lots of choices- salad, rice, potatoes, vegetables, soup, fresh mozzarella. Service was good, very attentive for such a large party. The wait staff was always there with fresh meat, the quality was 5 star. would highly recommend!!
Nice place for some pre-flight drinks! I can't speak for the food, but the menu looked very nice! The prices were very reasonable especially for an airport bar.
I have been here twice for haircuts. Both times left me feeling confident and refreshed!  Mandi is amazing and so is Kim (an instructor). Can't beat the price or the customer service!
Wasted time and money, and damaged my hair because of extremely bad advice from one of the staff. Had to chop it. Afterward, I went back to return the products I didn't use and explained what happened to the cashier and received very unfriendly customer service.
The staff was friendly and extremely helpful. The food in the conference meetings and the restaurant was very good. The grounds and site is well kept and relaxing. The rooms could use some updating and it looks like some of that may be going on. A short drive to shopping.
Eggs Benedict:  meh - kinda dry biscuit, potatoes were tasteless and strangely uniformely sized cubes\nLatte:  good\n\nNice space and service was good.  Maybe come back, maybe not.
The chicken Panang was very good.  I had a 7 spice level and it had a nice kick.  You will not be disappointed.
Most disappointing sushi experience I have had in a while. The sushi was not goof at all. I'll pay good money for good sushi, but this was not. Had a spicy tuna roll,  it was horrible. Tried a couple other unique rolls they offer, they ok. Will not return.
These guys saved me big time.\n\nI broke down outside of Phoenix on my way home to LA.  they fixed my car in a timely fashion and worked with me when I could only pay half the total bill.  Thanks for your understanding Sergio, and thanks for fixing my car Diego.
This is the only place where waiting 10-15 minutes for fast good is WORTH it!! \n\nI'd never heard of in n out till about 6 months ago and never understood why people where willing to wait so long for burger and fries. But after one visit I understood!
This place is an awesome dive.  No more words to describe.  \n\nGet the mamosa!!
We had bad experience. The burritos were cold on the inside and the soda machine was not calibrated correctly. I would skip this one.
Having been born and raised in italy, i have to hand it to this place -- super authentic. The food is amazing, home made, and reminds me of home. Love this place!
I almost always find a tshirt or two here. This place is very comparable to Buffalo Exchange or Crossroads that you'd find in other major cities, but slightly cheaper than those stores. One of my favorite thrift stores in the burgh.
took my puppy smash, this was his first visit to the vet and I received great service. the staff Was nice and kind not only did they love my puppy but they were nice to my son and myself. the doctor was extremely helpful he did a great job. nothing but positive experience cannot wait for his next visit I definitely found my vet
Service too slow with four people working and only two customers. Drinks are delicious though!
Disappointed. Not the usual Chipotle experience. Food did not taste fresh. Place was not clean. On the plus side, it wasn't crowded.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE! I know it  gets busy, but seriously an hour wait for a cup of coffee?! And you forgot the breakfast sandwich I ordered!
This is a food lovers paradise.  It was simply fantastic.  You can really tell they have a talented chef that cares about his food and wants to give you the best they can.  They deliver on that promise.  There is not a better restaurant in this area.
Great place for trailer trash,tweakers and cheap drinks. Dont come after dark.
RIDICULOUS!!! foods are over-priced!! It shouldn't be that expensive. I went to others Japanese restaurants which I got the same taste of sushi and food and they are way cheaper than this place!! the service was totally bad, the server didn't take care us.
Horrible service. Not sure I can put it any other way. Just horrible. Compared to the excellent hotel it is in, even more so. The service was so bad we just left without our drinks. Place has potential, but they need to look at their staff to see if they can get a drink to a table within 20 minutes. Too bad.
My new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas/ Henderson area. This place has a bowl alley , arcade and a movie theater for the kids. Room were very clean . Customer service was fantastic.  Sport book was a great place to kick off week 1 of Nfl season
AHH BEST DONUTS EVER!!!!!!!! Bosa is amazing, and anything you get there is fabulous. They have a drive through too!! It's awesome. Nothing bad to say about em!!!
Worse service ever sat at the bar for fast service before a flight good luck \n\n20 minutes later no beer or order after it took 15 mins to place order \n\nGot up a left \n\nRidiculous
Amber was a great server The food was tasty and the three dollar Margarita happy hours were awesome.   Oh ya. SHES HOT TOO
I only came here to see the Siegfried and Roy exhibit but as I was standing in line to buy my ticket someone leaving the exhibit unhappy said that there were only a few tigers out. I assume it was because of the high wind. I wonder if they were going to tell me that at the ticket office???
Love this place. My favorite is the royal turtle. And their ice cream sandwiches are awesome!
This place is excellent! The service is always quick and polite. The food is fantastic, always tasty. One of my favorite spots! For great food at a great deal Alex H is the place to go!
Went to an afternoon show with my Dad (he's 76, I'm 52), and we both loved it. Only issue is that there are no servers, just a self-serve bar. Kid-friendly, too.
Such a unique and cute place. We had dinner at the Restaurant next door which was delicious, we sat on the patio and could see the water fountain show in front of the bellagio. Then after we hit the candy store and got a bunch of treats!
Had the Gold Standard with Skinny Fries... all were pretty good, Place is a little tight for a person in a wheelchair but managed through the lounge area. \nWould definitely go back again.
This place obviously got those poor puppies from puppy mills. The owner should be ashamed of themselves! People who shop there shouldn't be animal owner in the first place.
I could not have been more pleased with my experience here. They are fast, prompt, and extremely thorough. Make sure you ask for Taylor as your hygienist. She was absolutely amazing and you can tell she has a passion for her career.
I found my happy place.
I have dined in once and our office has ordered delivery a couple of times (suprisingly, they deliver to the Ballantyne Corporate Park!).  The food is always really good quality and is served in generous portions.  I like the salads as well as the chicken melt.
Good deal on happy hour- but service absolutely sucks. Finished a drink waiting to order food.
Had a blast getting an express service done by Victoria! Very friendly service, I'll definitely make this my store to shop at.
Had a flight out at noon so I decided to check out this place.  Breakfast is only served here until 10AM.  So placed my ordered for a cheesesteak sandwich.  Definitely had better.\n\nBut the wait staff was awesome.
I wasn't a big fan. The floors and the tables were sticky and the ice custard I had although tasted good gave me an upset stomach.   I did like that you are able to sample the many different flavors that they offer.
Not the best quality product and unreliable installers . Wish I had gone somewhere else.
Sunset cruise with entertainment! Great way to spend date nite :)
I waited almost 2 years to eat here because being drunk in vegas and chasing down a moving food truck by twitter with strange hours do not mix!  But when I finally got the tamago burger...it undeniably lived up to its hype!  So delicious! I haven't had a better burger since.
Really bad seats, low and uncomfortable.\nThe projector is of high quality, so it's a good place to catch a movie on the strip. Concession stand is expensive but OK.
Happy hour value is exquisite! $5 Moscow mules that were amazing! Great sushi rolls and the baked mussels were fantastic. Overall 5 stars for the food and drinks. Wish I could give ten stars for service... Christy is knowledgeable, friendly, and very attentive. We couldn't ask for a better experience!
Had multiple stains in my living room and master bedroom. Due to the last minute urgency, they fit me into one of their days that was really busy and although they showed up later than their original scheduled time, they gave me a discount and did an excellent job on my carpet. Definitely will use them again.
Breakfast with Rob,  The food is good.  I had eggs, bacon and pancakes.  Not my favorite pancakes, but ok.  Love their sausage gravy however.
Never ordering from here again. They took way longer than an hour to get to our house and there wasn't any icing on the cinnamon sticks I ordered, nor the extra side of icing or strawberries.
Great pizza! The only place in the valley with anything close to true blue NY style pizza.
Food is good but the service is awful!  Every time we want to go there, we always think of bad service!  One time they took an hour to serve us and it wasn't even busy!
I came here for my first Brazilian and haven't found the need to look anywhere else. Customer service is great. In and out within about 15 minutes. The facility is always clean. I would definitely recommend this place!
Good food and service. Easter Brunch was very good.
No, no, no, no, NO. Do NOT come here. I wish i could give it half a star. This place is outdated, gross, and depressing. Drive the extra couple of miles to Talking Stick. If I never go here again....it will be too soon.
Hands down, best diner food. Cheap good food, the waiter and waitresses are always extremely friendly. Forget Denny's or ihop, this places beats them every time!
Sadly this place got me sick.. not once but twice. I decided to try it one more time more than a year later and of course I get sick again. Not sure from what particular thing that I ate. I'm disappointed because their food used to be great but now not so much. \n\nNot going back again.
Not the best place to get your toes done. They use cheap polish, mine smudged like an hour after I left the shop. The massage chairs are nice and they do have plenty of great magazines. Just go here if your desperate!
Aside from the fact that our server totally forgot about us, I sort of loved this place. The happy hour specials are pretty good. I highly suggest the taco sampler and margaritas. YUM!\n\nThe ceviche was so fresh and clean tasting.
Always great food  and service, we started with the wild west shrimp and than we ordered the surf & turf cooked perfectly.\nand no wait on a Fri night.\n\nGreat Meal
The got my order wrong and then blamed me. I got vanilla cream and there was not enough cream in them. I had a chocolate glazed that was good. I ordered and iced coffee drink and the charged me for a medium before even asking me what size I wanted. The coffee drink was awful.
Great tacos (I recommend the 'crunchy') very nice beer selection. I was surprised and pleased...from the plain jane name was expecting a dive bar.
A decent buffet, not terrible but not 5 star. They have a special right now. If you use comps Sunday to Thursday, the buffet is anywhere from $4-7 depending on which meal. Service is decent.
Went for Lunch food was good but I got mine 10 minutes after my co- worker got hers, had to ask for our drinks 2 times. Went for coffee before work it took 15 minutes and there was 5 people behind counter they need to have a sense of urgency..We were getting plain coffee too!
Extremely poor customer service - the owner lied to me when I came to pick up my clothing and it wasn't ready. That was after calling the night before and getting attitude for inquiring before he originally said it would be ready. There's nothing special about this place.
Staff is very knowledgable about their products and what shoes will fit my lifestyle.  I always walk away satisfied and with shoes that are perfect or me!!
Beyond unsanitary. If I am to do my service as a citizen by serving on a jury, I would appreciate not having to out my health at risk due to communicable diseases simple by sitting in this room. Gross.
Called up for take out and ordered a Sgt. Pepper.  Was told they no longer had peppers and onions so that sandwich was off the menu.  For that reason my rating went down to 2 stars.
Walked there for the roller coaster because I thought it was cool.........it was kinna short, I've seen better.
Dine there for lunch and dinner  frequently and am never disappointed.  Recommend! If healthy eating is your thing, this is one place you can stick to your plan.  Vegan and Gluten-Free Options are available and in a variety of items.  Enjoy!
Great, fast enchiladas. It feels like the enchilada version of Chipotle. But less corporate!
I live this place. Has great food and very friendly staff. We not only get the delivery but we go there as well. Usually pretty empty with customers but they have great food.
Mhmmm too smoky. Food is tasty but too smokyy and little hot. and my friends and i didnt know they already charged tip in the bill so we just accidently tipped them more. If you are craving for bbq its actually not really bad. i would give it 3.5* if i could.
After being a chef for almost 20 years, I am usually not wowwed by much but this place is great. First off the kitchen is super clean which is a huge deal for me. And the food was fresh and amazing ill be back often
5 stars only because i ALWAYS order the steakhouse burger with added grilled onions. Said burger is the business.
Great hotel, I can't wait to stay here again when I'm in Vegas.  First off, the coffee shop serves Illy coffee.  The showers are great for tall people (yes, I said shower, not a shower tub, although there was a tub too).  The bed was very comfy.
Over rated! I can't  believe I need reservations for this place. The food was good, but not great, especially for what I had to pay. Plus, my napkin smelled like old socks, or a wet dog. My expectations were very hi going to this place.
Nice place to go climbing. For first timers there's a mandatory video - not too bad, fairly short. As a first timer, they were friendly and patient with teaching all the basics. Nice staff, and nice rocks. Good times. \n\nFree climb on your birthday. Good stuff.
Great selection of truly fabulous product - anything and everything for the home, indoor and out - very well priced.\nGo and shop! or shop on-line.
they always do a good job, but the wait in line at the entrance is poorly set up.  Too long of a wait.  I understand from a business set up, you have to upsell, but they should have more than 2 people checking in when it's busy.
The Tom Kha was thick and syrupy instead of light and citrusy and my food was so peppery that I could barely eat it.
Kara is absolutely wonderful! She does a GREAT waxing and I am going to have her do a facial for me very soon. \nThe atmosphere is very relaxing and Kara is an absolute doll of a person. I would highly recommend her!
Awesome atmosphere. Great food. Service was awesome and the menu can be catered to any size group and their food choice. Outdoors is great with the heater too. Five thumbs up.
Taste really BAD.... Maybe my expectation for a 4.5 star icecream shop was too high. It kills your appetite for real icecream.  Don't recommend for anyone who wants a good taste icecream.
What a wonderful restaurant. Patio is fantastic with live music in the background that you only sort of hear. Service was outstanding. Only possible complaint was that it was too dark to see your meal but it sure tasted great!
Big mall, with all the good shops just like down in H-town. Hollister and abercrombie. They even have the ABC store. You can buy like chips, drinks, and shirts and hats here. The mall is nice, and the convenience  that it was within walking distance of my hotel.
Great atmosphere, friendly staff go during happy hour and save some $$$
No wait (versus the very long one at the Wynn).  Food was decent (for buffet), though far from spectacular.  Bottomless mimosas.
I'm only giving this 3 stars because I unfortunately didn't try the food but it looked delicious! \n\nNice view of the Canal shops in the Venetian. They had Happy Hour each night with really good deals on Margaritas. Interesting unique flavors. Staff was nice and I'd definitely suggest it for drinks!
The food was average. I will not ever go back because customer service was horrible. There was this bald guy who was really rude to me and my friend today and seem as if he hated his job. If he the manager (not sure if he is one). He should work on his customer service skills.
Try it if you like e-Coli poisoning and a evening spent on or near the toilet. The Pozole has the taste and texture of a barbecued sock, and comes with a side of salmonella. In the interest of fairness the guacamole was good and the service was decent.
if you want to shoot and not be by the strip this is a good alternative. Good amount of guns to try out and they even have a nice variety that they sell.  Guys working here are knowledgeable and helpful. Ammo is a bit expensive but i will definetly be back.
Great diversity of plants and they have Christmas trees this time of year. I'll definitely be back to check out the rest of the grounds. Very friendly staff that helped us with putting the tree on the roof of the car
Worst cab service ever experienced. Waited over 1.5 hours for a cab that never showed up.  And, what's even worse, for the 1.5 hours we waited, each time we called the dispatcher they kept saying the cab would be there in 10 minutes.  Awful service.
I love froyo, and this one had some good flavors. Bananna and birthday cake were my favorites. The prices are just right, and the atmosphere is rather youthful and fun. It sets the mood to do some other fun things in the mall plaza that it's set in.
Sad, just sad.  \nThe makeover ruined the atmosphere!  Where we had a special place to walk and enjoy the shops, now we have a unforgiving parking lot.  What once was special now is just mundane.\nSad, just sad.
I'm sure you could get a great haircut here if you have the whole day to sit and wait. Way more conversation going on then actual hair cutting. 45 mins of sitting there and only one person got done. AINT NO BODY GOT TIME FOR THAT!
The place was clean.  They do encourage you to take out. Order was wrong peirogies mislabeled asked for mushroom  was labeled mushroom got meat.  The stuffed cabbage was undercooked  hopefully it was just a bad day for the kitchen.
Very friendly staff! Always make my coffee perfect and never run out of donuts. I went I'm to get 10 gift cards they were so nice about it and even gave me a free coffee while I was waiting! This is always my dunkin donuts of choice even though there is another one closer to my home.
There are so many better burger places on the strip.\n\nThe malts and buffalo chicken dip were unique and tasty.\n\nMost likely will not go there again.
Nice, big international airport.  Close to Phoenix, off sight rental cars and great restaurants and amenities. Tram service because the airport is so large and spread out.  TSA lines were abnormally long and short staffed to say the least....15-20 minutes to go thru security is too long!
Two terrible Manhattan's in a row remade.  I wanted to like this place but the bartender chomping on gum and giving me a tasteless Manhattan, not acceptable.
I have been her several times for both pedicures and eyebrow waxing and have had great service. The atmosphere is pleasant, with wonderful leather massaging chairs. Everything is very clean. The experience is great and when I leave I can't wait to return in two weeks.
Margaritas and Nachos appetizers thats all we had \nand we enjoyed it  cant speak of much else quick service \nwe did not have dinner i didnt think it was a place i would have dinner\nbut apps and a cocktail A-OK
Love this clinic since I came here.great and helpful doctors and all the staffs are caring and respectful.my mom been here for long time she was treated very well but due to lack of transportation I have to change the clinic.i will be in this clinic till I'm m here.i recommend for everyone .
What is not to like?  Yummy food, good people, funky vibe....Wed night fun Flamenco fest!  Doug is a really talented chef and a lovely person!  Go check it out!
Just okay: Room, service, pool, prices. Preferred the Flamingo from previous trip. Nothing terrible, just no reason to go back.\nFYI: if you want free WiFi go next door to McDonald's.
Dry n small tamales. I had high hopes because it seemed legit. Keep looking if you wsnt really good tamales.
Gustav's doesn't comp drinks if you're playin video poker. Sucks. And service is kinda-really slow! \n Not very friendly service. But it's better than the bar near the registration area!\n Extra star because they pour drinks here a 'lil heavier!
It was fantastic! We were visiting Scottsdale and found this place by accident. It was so good that we went back the next day for seconds!! The owners and staff were lovely.
Simply one of the best shows I have ever seen. The detail in this show was amazing. I was into the show from beginning to end as was my gf who does not know much about the Beatles. It's truly one of the treasures in Vegas and a guaranteed must see!!!
After a two hour wait, a mediocre meal. Good appetizers, but salmon burger was bland and burgers greasy. Server was the best part of our dinner.
My store. They  know me, I know them. They treat me right. I go through sometimes to buy something as a treat for someone else and I say- make it beautiful it's a gift and they do! Awesome!!!
beeeeeautiful softball complex.  Spacious, clean, and lots of parking.\nThe grounds are well kept, fenced in dog park, skate park, and basketball courts.
I used to love going here, but recently every time i call the phone has been disconnected.
The sandwiches are a rip-off.  Hardly any meat but lots of bread. The chicken is a much better deal if you want to pay close to $15 bucks for a half chicken and drink. I'm glad I went, I won't be going back.
My favorite car wash place in Phoenix!
I mean, it's in a mall.  How much can you expect, really?\n\nThe drinks are great.  Food 'aint.
Just left Komex, first time there.  The place is great, value, good people and most of all good food.  You can not eat ambiance.  Had the burrito, saw other dishes and they looked great also.  All the customers were happy.  Will go back when I am in Vegas again.
Good fun place to watch games while drinking and eating chicken wings or sandwiches.They have a good selection of wings and decent beer. I try different kinds of wings  every time  I go in but so far spicy garlic has been my favorite. This is a typical sports bar.
Really stupid that they wud charge 99c to substitute fries for a small side salad !!!! That's y everyone's becoming fat lol
Tried to find this place Friday night 9/28/12 and it appears it's closed... ??
I have been shopping at this Fresh & Easy for months.  I love the place.  It is clean, cheap, and everything is fresh.  From the flowers, to the fruits, and to the vegetables.  The staff is always so friendly and helpful.  The location is so close it is nice.
Pretty average Indian buffet.  Not enough vegetable dishes, everything had meat and we can't eat meat.  Green tea was $5.00 which seemed high.
Joey and Cam are the best bartenders in old town!!! Dos is a great bar to bring a group of friends !!!
Dingy, dirty, dark, ghetto, poor customer service... The worst bowling alley I've seen in a long time!\n\nThe pro shop is dusty, dirty, and empty.... What a sad place... Needless to say, I won't be back!
Service is touch and go here.I will not be coming back. Tony did my fill last time and he was rude. He also burned me a few times with the electric file. Very rough with my hands and gave me an attitude after he stepped on my toe and smudged my polish.
I won't even try to put this show into words. Just go see it, soon!
Perfect for starting early at your hotel. Easy access, open 24 hours. A little pricey but better than 10/beer at the casinos.
I love the hip, chic lounge atmosphere at Nikko's! The atmosphere makes me feel like I'm in New York or Chicago.\nHowever, the food is just ok. I've had much better.
I ordered one ado ads, two lengua, one casa asada with pi\u00f1a colada drink cost only $10.27. Excellent food and I went at 11:45am, it has no line.
First of all, it's in front of the Bellagio where you can watch the water show while dining. (Well if u're seated outside) I love the food. The waiter recommended a drink and it was delicious. Will def go back here next time I'm in Vegas.
Loved this place, especially the all-you-can-eat Taco Tuesday.  Unfortunately this location closed down, apparently.  The location in Silverado Ranch is still up and running, I believe.  But if you're in the North part of town and need something tasty, I recommend Alfonsos which is right up the street.
Wife and I had date night there a while back and had a lot of fun.  We painted Van Gogh's Sunflowers while sipping mimosas and chatting with our fellow classmates.  Very friendly atmosphere, and welcoming to the unskilled newbie painter.
Good gyros; good desserts; reasonable prices.
Cathy is amazing at giving facials.  My face is very sensitive, breaks out easily and her facials cleared up my skin.  Keep up the great work Cathy. Thank you :)
The space between the frozen yogurt handles and the crepe station is limited. I enjoyed the Strawberry flavored frozen yogurt and Banana flavored frozen yogurt topped with multicolored mochi and frozen fruits (e.g., mango, kiwi, etc).
If you love lobster and \"real\" champagne - for $85 pp, it's worth it.  Otherwise, it is overpriced with a limited option of choices.  Service outstanding.
Pasta Brioni in a nut shell: Hot waiters. Mediocre food.
I had the salmon which was the best ever. Carlos had the black cod which was amazing. This is a great place . You must go!
This place has gone down hill, loved outback back in the day, now the food is blan and overpriced
i got a gigantic burger from here and it was pretty good. I was a little surprised that the girls are actually walking around in bikinis but i guess i should have yelped it first. lol. the service was ok but not that great I guess because i'm a girl.
This tram is located in the back of the two casino resorts. \n\nThe tram itself is nice, but the ride is quite short. But, if you don't feel like walking across from the one resort to the next, then this will help you get over. This is also free too! \n\nHave fun!
I enjoyed the experience very much.\nThe mechanical bull was fun to watch people fall off.\nThe food was good for a BBQ and reasonable priced.\nIf you like BBQ and enjoy western theme stop by
Came here to soak up my whiskey-infused self with some bean & cheese pupusas, mmm. I love Beaubien for it's wide range of food, but this place is always spot on and the drinks are cheap.
I love this place and there drink menu the atmosphere is very nice and the locals are welcoming. I will go again! Probably become a regular! Love bands on weekends!
Wasn't good wasn't bad flounder was kinda mushy. Stuffing was bland. Service is great hush puppies are nice and salad was great
Great atmosphere and excellent service. So many restaurants have struggled in this location, I hope Orgeganos makes it. Dave took great care of us. We'll be back!
One word.\n\n\n\nBomb.\n\nIts a must try when your in town. For lunch/Dinner
The bartender is a pease OF shit.. he tryed fighting me over a joke..  fuck that mother fucker
I like the birds.  Everything else was all right.  The board of meats and cheese was good. But for myself, it's not my go to place.
Food not that good overpriced. My Calmari was very tough must have been old. Sauce was good\nSkimpy salad.  Service not that good. Will not go back, very dissapointing, and the place was empty.
This place is a staple lunch spot for us. I have rated this place highly before. Today an order mix up became a very uncomfortable situation. Really too bad.
Food was tasty.  Didn't like the roaches living in the crack between the fridge case and the sushi bar scurrying inches from my plate. Its dark in there so you may not notice but they have a bad roach infestation.
The food is alright, but the wait to get the food was insane.  We waited over 2 hours.  Supposedly there was a staff shortage, but nobody told us until we had almost 2 hours invested.  You will not see me eating here again!
Don't go. I got more problems and sounds on my car after I spent $800 there. unbelievable!
Had a good experience here.   :)))
I ordered eggplant tofu mix with vegetables. Its sweet flavor as a south Chinese style.
I like the large selection of tapas.  My husband and I tried many several different plates, 1-2 from each section.  Favorites are deep dried artichoke and the foie gras.  The deep fried beignets (bunuelos) were delicious!
I know the food is great-but-the maitre d' was so rude about the seating that we did not stay for lunch! That does not happen very often!!!
One of the better sushi restaurants in Phoenix.  I have had good experiences dining there, except one time they over-charged me.
Another great place for lunch.  Nothing special, just good food.  Always consistent.  The Mongolian beef and cashew chicken are always good.  They always have good lunch specials.
It was really good, I want here to try the food out and like I expected it was amazing. The only problem is the carne adobada has lots of fat and grissle which was no bueno
Delmonico steak is my favorite. No. 1 steakhouse for me! I love everything....atmosphere, customer service, lobster mac and cheese! Can't go wrong at Capital Grille!
Food is ok. Service was slooooow. Misters made it cool outside for a summer night in AZ but ppl were gettin soaked. The d\u00e9cor and ambiance was cool thoh
Thought that I was able to take my family to enjoy authentic food in Vegas but boy was I wrong. Horrible service.  Waiters are rude, yelling at customers if the customer says that the order was wrong. Can't enjoy the food if the service if so bad...horrible experience
Beer was good but food was just ok.  Ordered the Gouda dip and paella.  Dip was luke warm and paella was over spiced.
Ok food- overpriced. Cool  atmosphere.
Only place I go to put gas!!! Always has the best prices.
Dear Lord,\n\nWhen I die, if I go to heaven (and lets face it I've been good most of the time....) can it please be catered by Martin Wishart.\n\nKindest\nAmen.
The men's locker room needs a lot of attention. Some machines don't work properly.
Wasn't terrible,\nBut certainly wasn't great.\nSave your hard-earned cash.
NIGHTMARE. Poorly designed. Poorly organized. Disastrous dining experience. But the food . . . Dammit the food is good. Less hipster service, more ambiance, and no screaming children would make this place a winner.
Ordered several items and drinks to try.  Some items tasted a bit salty to me. But overall had a nice experience.  The waitress was extra friendly. The high ceiling tuscan dining room was much more impressive than anticipated. Next time I would love to try the crab cakes.
The grilled pork spring rolls were good but I found the Pho Dac Biet just mediocre. I ordered the x-large bowl which had more noodles then my cousin's large bowl - but with the same limited amount of meat. The  service was prompt and friendly. All in all, just an average Vietnamese restaurant.
The food tastes good but for $6.10 you'd think they'd give you more than half a spoon of rice and half a spoon of beans. It's just rice and beans, people.
I would give this place 5 stars but it's to hit or miss. The flavors are always spot on. Just sometimes if you order a burrito you either get a nice amount of meat, or just rice and beans. And for $10 a burrito I want my F-ing meat.
We went to Plaza Bonita for happy hour.  Drafts were only $2.75!!  We stayed for dinner & the food was great.  Everything was very fresh and flavorful.  Try it - you'll like it.
So I came here last Saturday and tried the Cantina chicken burrito and loved it. I came here today and ordered the same thing, and seriously thought I was eating a veggie burrito there was hardly any chicken in it. Boo... not sure what gives
You really can't go wrong here. The beers they have on tap are always spectacular and the ones brewed in store are even better. It's an all-around homie environment, haters are stopped at the door.
I have been 2 the press box 6 times and have been approached once by a waiter. If u c one, it's only once. Forget refills..... if this place is in business next year I will b surprised.  It does look nice, but that's it
Was craving Sushi and called another Sushi place to see what time they closed and they never answered. So I went to what was best and that was Momo! Always delicious and prices are moderate!
Fantastic bread! We'll definitely be returning here for more tasty carbs.
The worst Mexican food by far...go to Taco Bell if you want better food.
I haven't been to this buffet since it opened but it was the best I ever tasted.  It was better than Bellagio and I've been there several times.  As a person that use to live in Vegas, I know my buffets and this one is the best.  I hope to go to this one on our next trip!
The service was slow and our waitress unattentive. The manager didn't seem to want repeat business.\n\nThe food wasn't anything particularly special either. There are much better choices.
just wanted a quick bite to eat really nothing today just got the xxl nachos and freeze -- I think I got food poising not feeling good will call in am and report
This has quickly become one of my favorite places.  We often have business acquaintances in town and this is our favorite place to bring them.  It's fun, great environment, phenomenal food, and a fantastic price.  Add in free valet and this is the place to go!!!
An equally impressive version of the Hawaiian classic.  Great sushi, entrees, and drinks.
You can totally tell they are cutting costs everywhere.\nThe cabin walls vibrated loudly beyond normal while we were flying.\n(I travel every month so I know what a plane should sound like)\n\nNot to mention that the pilot landed crappy and us passengers got whiplash
Underwhelming service, overcooked greasy food.   It's a great location, good views but I won't be back.  In a small town like FH it won't be open long unless they get those two items turned around.
i always would rather go to a Target but wally world carries items that target doesn't . thus , i am forced to shop here , the store is clean except for the restrooms. wally world has the ugliest shoppers ever, ya should check out the web site on walmart shoppers pics .lol
I enjoyed the burger I ordered, but the cheese fries were completely inedible. I mean this literally, we ordered for delivery and by the time i got them they were practically a fried potato cheese soup. I didn't eat them at all. However, the burger was delicious and I would certainly order another one in the future.
Stopped in and got me some delish ginger beer. Cured my stomach ailing from all the Haggis. They seemed to have specials all throughout the month of July for various independency days (July 4th, Canada Day, Bastille Day). That sign was cute.
What a fantastic park. I wish I had my mountain bike but hiking with non-hikers and a small 5 year old we were very limited in what we could explore.\nFrom the couple of bikers and hikers though this place was perfect for a simple kid friendly hike. We did get to see a road runner.
Hands down the best buffet I have ever been to in Las Vegas.Sets the bar very high! There is plenty of variety to choose from and the quality of the food was excellent. Awesome experience! Will definitely go back.
After just 2 visits, I'm done with this location! To- go meals were sloppy and wait time was much longer then what I was quoted. Both times felt like I was being an inconvenience going there. This place is just not well put back together.
The breakfast buffet was just ok,  but when they asked me to pay to refill my coffee I thought this was very cheap of them!! I have never been back since,  there are many other restaurants out there.
Awesome place! Great variety of flavors and nice set up. Lots of open space for sitting, too. The cake batter fro yo is really good. The toppings are fresh and plentiful as well. The price is really reasonable. I will definitely be back!
What I expect from a robertos. They have good service and good food.
Just back from the range. Outstanding experience. Shaun was my wife's Range Officer and did a fantastic job for her introduction to Glocks. Highly recommend these folks!!
Typical \"bertos\"-style Mexican joint, BUT.... The $1.99 red chicken burrito on Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday is the bomb.  Ginormous, meaty and just spicy enough. Can't beat the value.
Best dry cleaner in town. Unbeatable service. Competitive price. Local family business. I drive a few miles out of my way but it's worth it. Faster service and on Site cleaning. They carry my finished clothes and hang them in my car. Very nice service.
Consider it's a knock off ate at another place the other day slightly better, but really a knock off and they don't really do it that well. One visit only and only in a pinch if there's to be a next time.
Love the view its not filled to the max with people and room to move around.  GREAT SPOT FOR VIEWS. They have a membership but you can get in several different ways.
Been eating here since before I was old enough to pronounce \"cheese crisp\"!  Whenever I visit family in Arizona I always have to stop at this gem of Casa Grande.  Call ahead and go through the \"drive through\".  There are tables to eat out front, but most people get take out.
Good gyro and boti chicken.\n\nNice surprise in an otherwise seedy area off Fremont Street.\n\nNo ambiance, but the owner is polite.
Service is excellent, quick, and efficient. The noise level precludes serious business discussions. The food is good and they present a unique variety of unusual choices; however, I am allergic to MSG and I reacted to something in the Herb Spiced Hummus - why do restaurants still use that . . . ?
Just got back from dinner, and had the best time there! The mahi I had was so beautifully done, also loved the music and live dj they had, was a little warm for my boyfriend but hey it was busy. Overall this has become my new favorite restaurant in old town Scottsdale.
Love this place. Garlic knot meatball sliders are the bomb. Pizza can be a little greasy depending on the toppings, but always very good.
Really good coffee and nice staff. A great place to share a little moment with friends.
the KFC on el camino del norte (mlk) and craig has the worse food ever. don't even bother to go
$4.99 Steak and Eggs... that's all I gotta say.\n\n-Steak\n-2 Eggs\n-Toast\n-Potatoes\n-Awful Kareoking next door\n\nNot Bad.
Drinks was good, entertainment was fun but wings were undercooked and chewy:(
Good pretzels. We shared a few varieties. All were very good. Standard pretzel was nice and still warm, cinnamon sugar was oh so sweet, even enjoyed the pepperoni pretzel.
One of the best zoo! Has so many different animals and is well maintained! One of my favorite places to go in the summer and fall! The new red panda is so adorable!! I hope the zoo can only improve, it truly is a gift to the city of Pittsburgh! Love love love it! I could go everyday!!!
Best BBQ in the valley!
Service was poor. When I arrived the hostess looked at me like a had 2 horns sticking out of my head. Waiter was missing for 20 minutes. Food was great
In impressed! 6/3/14 The staff were less than happy to see me. The sandwich was small and there is too much cinnamon in there sauce. The pulled pork was lacking flavor. Fries were ok.
The pharmacy is really slow and this is based on multiple experiences. I have used their services 4 times for and they always have to order what I need I never had these issues with CVS.
The pasta ordered here was nothing but carbs  - almost no vegetables, etc. - I would not suggest this place - it's a huge rip off.
My favorite froyo place in the neighborhood. Good prices, good selection, and very clean. My only wish is that they had more tart flavors.
The Manager contacted me personally to offer us another meal and his apologies which we really appreciated. The manager formerly ran the Tucson location which was a great  so hopefully he can turn this location around.
Great food. Good prices. Excellent service. Best Mexican food in the area. Chips and salsa are delicious. Make sure you try the cheese dip. Shrimp fajitas are my favorite. Plenty of leftovers or to share with someone else.
A coffee shop with a goat for a logo?  Now that's crazy.\n\nCompletely solid, middle of the road, way-the-hell-better-than-starbucks coffee shop.  \n\nAlso: About 100 feet from where I live.
Their unique \"sweet sauce\" is what keeps me from eating there. If you want sugar on your pizza then this is the pizza for you. I think I'll pass.
Service could be a little faster- but it's a tiny place so I understand! I got the strawberry and pineapple smoothie blended with mango nectar... YUMMY!!!
Most expensive brunch in the history of brunch.
Came here for lunch! The food was ok, nothing special! Tasted like every other chillis I have been too! The decor on the other hand was nicer than most chillis! Our waitress did not seem too sure about what she was doing! Not bad if you need something quick to eat!
If you want a good Margarita you will love this place and their Guac live is really good too....I agree with the other the food needs some help but if you like Margarita's and Chips and Salsa this is the place to go...
The donuts here are amazing!! Best donut shop in all of Las Vegas. So soft and delicious!! They always throw in extra donut holes too with my order! Super friendly staff! I love this place. Highly recommend!!!! :)
HORRIBLE customer service!! After 10 years of my 5 children seeing them and hoping each time they might be more friendly or accommodating, but continuing because we live so close. We are done with you Mesa Pediatrics! We are paying customers with great insurance, you could care less. We are taking our money elsewhere!
Amazing Pablo Picaso salad, thin crust pizzas, and great service for groups.
Fish tacos or wrap is best I have had since mexico !   This place is always hoppin and the staff is on it! Try anything here it won't disappoint.
way too much salt on the wings, otherwise they'd be good
I ordered a gyro and it was chopped up instead of sliced and grilled so long it tasted like a well done burrito. I guess I should have ordered the shawarma. It was terrible.
Great food but terrible service on a Saturday evening. Drinks were not replenished once and server made promises then forgot to follow through. Would not recommend eating here on the weekend if you expect quality service. Great during the week when it's slower.
Good prices, service better now.
This place is a joke one of the drivers almost hit my wife racing down lake mead on back to back days. Also had two kids in the car. Called the manager and he told me to f off. Class!!!!
Just recently returned. PHENOMENAL meal! Glenn our waiter was superb. Loved the veal dishes.  I also enjoyed the new cocktail menu. One of the drinks was iced coffee with orangicello and frangelica cream. DELICIOUS!
Just paid $20 for an $11 dollar haircut and had to hear the \"f\" word more than I do on my jobsite (construction)
They are only 7 miles straight shot down Pima and they don't deliver to my house. Stupid.
Stick to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts.  All of the Espresso locations on campus are dirty, usually crowded, and serve consistently burnt tasting drinks.
It was just ok as far as food goes the service I give A+, I went during rest week and got a great price and good value, But as for going and paying full price.I would say I would not go back . You can find much better steakhouses in the valley for similar price
Had trouble finding the location for this place. Its next to Harley davidson and Hawaiian market place. If youre on Aria, Cosmo or bellagio side take the air cross walk in front of the cosmo.\n\nGood food, good price and no wait!
Good option for take out Chinese. Or even eating in - we had nice service there. Friendly staff.
First time ordering from the Lawrenceville store. Yuck. This place better re-evaluate their ingredients and taste standards because it was just blah. The Sicilian pizza crust was terrible and there was hardly any sauce on the pizza. There are so many better places in the area, especially Bloomfield.  Try Frank's also in Millvale. Amazing.
strange little place.  strange happy hour.  strange service.  Food OK.  definitely need better signage.
I loaded up the family and the free ice cream coupons. ..everybody was excited for the treat! When we arrived they would not honor the coupons...even when they called the manager at home! Lousy service and poor customer service. Thanks for nothing!!
I enjoy the food at Fez everytime I dine at this establishment. The problem lies in the horrible service at every visit. They are always understaffed and there is never a manager on the floor.
Previous Ihop frequenter, but this particular Ihop's food was bland.  The pancakes were soggy, the hash browns were soggy, and the bacon was not as crispy as I am used to. Overall, not very appetizing. I should have ate at a casino buffet for the same price.
Large was not so large that should be their m if not a small;( Boba kind of smoshy;( I got the aloe Boba tea it was a little too sweet for my taste and it had a little too much Boba almost half the cup full. I  don't think I would order it again.
Duck tacos, shrimp artichoke dip,shrimp and grits,salads,brie cheese truffle oil pizza, kobe beef mini cheese burgers, guys the list goes on... for their desserts  their messy chocolate sundae. Always one of our favs period
your dining options are quite limited at this terminal.. \n\nbut this place is not bad for an airport burrito.. prices are decent too..
In a few words. Eat anywhere else, not here.\n\nFood is overpriced and uninspired. Wait staff is detached.
Great spot to enjoy a pint and watch the game.  The chicken wings are outstanding and they are 1/2 price Monday and Thursday after 5.
The Good:  Prettiest girls in AZ. Before midnight 70% girls in the club.\n\nThe Bad: Girls leave around midnight and it becomes sausage fest.\n\nThe Ugly: After midnight it's too packed, line too long, 70/30 ratio of men and women.
Owner was cool
Great place to get your phone fixed aka cracked screen!  Recommended a great laptop too!  Five stars!
Good food although very spicy.  Good service and ambient.  Good for kids too, a bowl of rice is always a success with them
ok its not ghetto fab like red devil.... its different!!!!! but the pizza speaks for itself and is delish!!!! if you have a couple of hours to spare and want to try good pie stop here!!!!
Prepare to be poorly treated by their rude and billing staff. Had treatment done over a year ago, never received letters or phone calls from them stating that I had a balance due from what insurance didn't cover. Now I've been sent to collections and they have no idea where my account is. Go somewhere else.
Worst customer experience ever from these inconsiderate pricks!
Nice variety of salsas. I had the shrimp tacos and they were delicious. The place is very small and only had two servers for dinner. They were nice though. I would definitely return.
My wife an I really enjoy it here. Friendly waitstaff and some good sushi. They offer brown rice for a buck extra too, which is nice. The salmon isnt the BEST I've had, but it's pretty good.
Ehh ok food , horrible customer service
Small room and can hear street noise from the 21st floor. No Casino so better off staying at Planet Hollywood.
Horrible!!!   Don't bother
A real pizza at last !! I've been searching for a real good italian pizza for a long time and here's the pizza I've been looking for .... Good food, good service !!!! I'll be back !!!
Thank you Tina and First Class for another wonderful experience!  I had a very long and stressful week melt away with my massage. On my must have list at least once a month as part of my regular health and stress relief regimen.
I had to go with 4 stars because its just so expensive. Had we known about the great happy hour menu in the bar, we would have ordered there. All our food was very fresh...oysters, shrimp cocktail and ceviche. Will definitely go back for HH.
Good for a quick coffee run.  Service is awesome for the second floor coffee shop in the Palazzo.  Pastry selection is okay.  Better as an apothecary.
very very nice. not amazing but very very nice.
Had their signature Zoe's grilled sandwich.. It was delicious! Especially with their home made dressing.
all you can drink mimosa's cures any hangover.
Love this place good shave ice with tons of great flavors snickerdoodle, blueberry cheesecake the list goes on you can add blue bell ice cream for an additional cost \n\nmake sure you check in for a free upgrade in size
All I can say is... we're in Mexico. Authentic cheap fresh street style tacos! Lengua all day! They even hand make their tortillas right then n there. Can't get any better than that my fellow yelpers!
This buffet is way over priced and isn't worth the wait. The food isn't that great. If you are going to spend $22 for a buffet, I would suggest the \"M\" resort where beer/wine is included.
Stay away from this company! 60+ wait while other companies actually knew how to quickly do the job. Use any other company! Rude employees also!
My favorite place to bring friends and have drinks and Mexican food. not sure if its authentic but it hits the spot! the salsa and chips are on point! plus they sell cute pink taco tank tops at the front door a must have before you leave the place!
I was not impressed with this place. I love going downtown and I was hoping this would be my new hang out but their pizza was less than tasty and horrible customer service! They are pretty pricey for pizza that taste like card board.
Worst hot dog place..dogs were tasteless, service was a joke.  Place is a dump.
Food is really good. Unfortunately the service was very lackluster and did not live up to the price point of the heel or the quality of the food. I did see, I wish we had had that experience. I probably wouldn't come back, but if you can get a good waiter.
It's hit and miss with their service.  I'm not sure what is going on with this place, every time we go back it seems to be getting worse. Seems like the owner only hires teenagers who don't care or want to be there. Sad to see this place start to go under and loose customers..
Nice convention center, clean, and decent A/V systems.  Location is kind of inconvenient, but not terrible.  Food options are slim so I recommend bringing a sandwich with you.
Always love in-n-out! Best burgers and fries on the west of the mississippi!
Very nice clean Subway. Staff was friendly but a little slow and my wife actually made a comment on how skimpy they were with the veggies (this from a 110 lb waif). You could do worse than this Subway. Recommend.
They feature a different black coffee each day - super unique and they tell you not just the country but more specifically where it's from. Great vibe for business or catching up with friends.
Their food is delicious, cheap and portions are huge. Great variety and anyone can find something on the menu that they'd like. \nCustomer service could have been a little better (faster, more smiles) but Nick's is still worth visiting
Short wait for lunch. Service was good and the drinks are strong. The salmon was excellent and had a balsamic reduction which gave it a nice sweet crust. Overall good experience.
Been going to Arribas for years. It used to be one of my favorite restaurants, but the last few times that I have been it was not so good. The service was awful and the wait was too long. Also I was not to impressed with any of the food that day.
This performance was on par I think to  Michael Jackson's Cirque show and much more artsy. I like the small venue and the Greek Theatre layout as well.
We had breakfast at Toast the day after Thanksgiving. The entire staff were on their A game.  We were seated immediately, had coffee within moments. Food is what you'd expect, just plain good American breakfast.
I love chicken on the barbie and alice springs chicken. Service is fast enough and staff are friendly. I like how it's also kid-friendly. I love the bread they serve while waiting for your order. I never tire eating here. I love it!
I don't know why I drop 1 star but there is something about it that I can't give it a 5 stars. The food is good I have no complain but it is so so... very decent simple Greek :)
It was just ok!! All the salsas didn't have no flavor. The seviche was sweet I was not expecting that and the tacos were not that good kinda bland nothing special... Probably not coming back and I would not recommended either..
I've been going to Dr. Gramlich for years.  The office staff are super-friendly and knowledgeable and make you feel comfortable.  Dr. Gramlich is also very thorough.  He always takes the time to answer questions and doesn't make you feel rushed.  I would highly recommend their office.  They are topnotch!
This place sucks...... no seafood..... service is not great and people are not too friendly.after asking the waiter if they offered any seafood at all he just replied with\" you have the menu,read it,I will be back\"
It was packed when I got there. I had a French toast and it was truly infamous. Service is slow and I even had to pay for the regular coffee. The potatoes were not cooked enough and fruit is not included. The place next door is better, just walk a little bit and you'll get a better brunch.
Slow service, tacos were greasy, some of the food was served lukewarm!
Very good food, very expensive for what you get. that pretty much is the end of my review.
Great people running a great clean corner store gas station! I always enjoy going to Francis & Sons!
I've only been here 10 minutes and the service is already bad. I hate it. Took forever just to get our order taken let alone even get water offered to us.
By far one of THE best meals I have ever had!  Pork belly app was melt in your mouth amazing, and waygu Fillet was to die for.  To top it off probably the best service I have ever had, all 5 of us were served at the same time by 5 servers, pretty cool experience.
Yeah croque madame on WHEAT BREAD, that took 45 minutes to come out, at least I Love Genie, was on the TV.
Is a family restauran nothing exaiting the place is ok but she burn my Padd see u every time and i stop eating there
Get the filet mignon, its better than the bone in rib eye. Also get the mango souffl\u00e9 for dessert  its  best part of the dinner.
The costumer service leaves something to be desired. Was not able to try the ice cream due to the lack of service. I would not spend my money here based on how the treat their consumer.
Very good experience here. Great food, service and setting. \n\nFood was fresh and prepared excellent. Sangria was a nice compliment to lunch.
Great place a little off the beaten path.  All of the servers are in their pajamas, which is kind of unique.  The red velvet pancakes are decadent and very rich.  I had the steak and eggs which was a nice piece of meat cooked properly.  I'd return!  Excellent coffee as well!
We had a great time! Family friendly, we had an 11 year old that talked about it for days.  Very likeable magician, we were very entertained.
The bagels are good - the line in the mornings can get a little long, especially when one person is running the register.  I wish they would not be so skimpy with the cream cheese.  Coffee is average.
Not for beginners. Sumit kept asking me to take my top off.  He said next time to only wear a sports bra.  He was extremely arrogant and offensive. I felt sorry for the woman that were there idolizing him.
The only reason why I came here is because I stayed at Treasure Island and didn't want to go too far. First off the price was $23 dollar and this was at lunch!! Typical buffets, nothing special, I really wanted Prime rib but it was not serve until dinner=(
Very very cool club with AMAZING views! I would have to say it is my favorite club in Vegas. The atmosphere is great. Drinks are similarly priced as other clubs from what I can remember.
My friend recommended this place and it's probably the best recommendation I could ever have received. The staff is friendly and out-going. They have a HUGE shellac color selection. This prices are good and the place is really clean. This is my new nail place for sure! No reason to go anywhere else. Try them out! :)
What a shame! Use to come here often about 2 years ago. It was very good. I cannot believe it's the same place. The service is a joke. The food is terrible. You won't even recognize the cuts of meat based on experiences at other descent chirrascarias.
this is a wonderful store if you're looking for the unusual gift for that someone who has everything. the staff is super friendly and always willing to assist. \nI highly recommend this wonderful little boutique!
Still one of the best in LV.
Can I give zero no I wish. We walked in at 930 pm no one there to greet us. Finally found someone in the bar, and she said she was closing early because it was slow. Um dont post ur open til 11 if u are going to close whenever u want.
When you installed my windshield you broke my chromatic mirror. My receipt shows you as Ultimate Glassworks Novus with same address. I have spoken with you (owner is nasty) and will pursue with all measures at my disposal. The date of the install was 5/17/2011.
I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. This place is nothing special and the menu choices are almost identical to the Cheesecake Factory's. With all the other amazing food options in the area, why dine at a high-volume food chain?
Macaroni and cheese with martini...a great way to end a long day. And the music in the bar area doesn't suck.
First and last to this club. Very pricy,poor service and no contact dance. ... Other clubs in charlotte are better ... Very disappointed .....
I love coming to this Starbucks. The staff are amazing and for some crazy reason all their drinks taste better then other starbucks that are local. Love it!
Great atmosphere. Really good food! I had the fish tacos and my girlfriend had the chipotle chicken pasta. Both were amazing. Good selection of tap beers as well
Very nice casino but the hotel is overpriced.
This review was for the buffet, um it took them about an hour to sit a party of 16. Then when we paid they wanted to seat the ones with the champagne deal on one end if the table and such. The food was good really yummy. I enjoyed it.
I ordered Cashew Chicken and Crab Ragoon for delivery. The crab ragoon was not that bad, but the cashew chicken just was not good. The sauce was so thick and tasted differently than what I am used to. It wasn't horrible, but I've had better from numerous other Chinese restaurants in Madison.
We have been going here for years. Service is ok, but the food has gone downhill. Too bad. Use to love this place.
I bought cheap fan and it blow air side way instead of forward, you get what you pay for, I guess. =(
Great dive bar on State St.
I ordered the Yakisoba with Steak.  The noodles were too soggy, vegetables were overcooked and soggy and old tasting, and the steak wasn't seasoned enough.\n\nService was awesome!
Two Words: Frozen Cosmos\n\nYou need no other motivation to go to Harris' (although, the food and service is good too)
Very great pizza and other food, but they dont give silverware on their deliveries.  Otherside would have been a 5-star review
Only had the iced coffee and won't get it again. They fill half the cup with water and then put a \"concentrated\" coffee in it. Not good, tastes watered down and bitter. Brewed coffee is on the only way to go for iced coffee.
yes 2 stars. Fries were cold and hard, and burger seemed EHH.  I dont have these where I live so I was excited to get one. They did give my dog a patty which I thought was cool. BUT the fries killed it for me and the burger just seemed off.
The atmosphere is super fun, the food is ok. Overall a fun place to go for breakfast!
A lot of beer on tap.\nA lot of cover bands.\nNot a lot of blues.\nA lot of pretty bartenders with big...smiles\nNot a lot of alcohol in the drinks.\nMeh.\nI prefer to get drunk and listen to music elsewhere.
Unbelievable Burgers! And One of the best beer list I've ever come across! I highly recommend the Gold Standard or Rising Sun Hamburgers!
Great staff helped me to get my print job turned around quick!
Pretty cool...especially after Fat Tuesday and breakfast from Nathans.....the exhibit was very informative...a lil scary at times (especially the exhibit displaying fetuses) but truly an unforgettable experience.
This place is in my neighborhood and I decided to support a local business instead of going to a chain like Little Caesar's or something. The pizza was mediocre and the price was high. Perfect. The veggies on my pizza were basically raw and the sauce did not taste good.
Service was better yesterday then it has been the last few times I've visited. I absolutely love their chicken fingers and club sandwich. Easy and simple lunch!
This used to be a drive up coffee shop. Now the serve great food and the best damn lemon drop martinis that they serve in huge glasses. Staff is very friendly. Wish I wasn't moving to Scottsdale, will probably not make it back here.
We're here because pictures on yelp looked amazing but going in person was a whole other experience. Service was bad and fish was not fresh. would never go again
Terrific location and very nice decor. Unfortunately, the food and service is very much lacking at this price range. It's worth checking out if you're in the area, but don't get your hopes up.\n\nPS - The coffee is fairly good.
Very surprised by Palermos!  Ordered one of the dinners for 2. Ordering was easy and delivery to our room at Ballys was free and fast!  Food was delivered hot and tasty!  Definitely a great deal!
Love the Village Tavern.. great Scottsdale location, not too far from Old Town. The fettuccine alfredo is a great size for lunch, and the sweet potato fries are better than I have had at many restaurants. Outside seating available.. very clean property, and the staff is friendly. Will return.
I've been to the original location in the Strip since writing my Oakland review. It definitely is better overall than the Oakland shop (fries were better, and just tasted fresher), but still nothing too amazing. I think the concept of the sandwich just doesn't do it for me (See Oakland Primanti's review).
Wonderful old-style country French. Dinner combined with restaurant.com a real bargin, allowing a better bottle of wine. Very attentive service, even from the elderly owner. Perfect for that special occaison.
I dont log in and write reviews, but this place was super delicious . I had garlic naan with chicken korma and i almost licked off the plate. Will be back for lunch buffet :)
I love the fact how they are open late even if u get there juat before closing they will still take your order... The food is delicious extra chrispy wings amazing...
I was in town for a business trip and found this nail salon by using my yelp app. Glad I did because I had a terrific pedi and shellac manicure!
One of the best places for Breakfast!  My wife and I went here at least once a week!  Offers health options too!
I have never been to an airport before where I would want to come back and just hang out. Get my nails done? Check! Superb southern food? Check! Legit shopping? Check and check!
It's my first time here, but it won't be my last. Goat cheese french toast is awesome and my waitress was amazing.
Was surprised to find an old navy here. Very good size and a lot to choose from. Had a good shopping experience the workers were definitely helpful :)
The doctor is nice but the wait time here is RIDICULOUS.   You will be here for two hours without any dilation of eyes.  How do they stay in business? ?? Never again! !! Finding another eye doctor.
May I recommend the Kahuna Burger? I'm a huge fan of Pulp Fiction and I always wanted to try a kahuna burger so I was pretty excited to find a place that makes them. I don't think they are modeled after the film but the burger is delicious. I also recommend the rumbi fries!
Fun for a group.
Last time I ever go there. Food was terrible, took over 20 minutes after I finished my drink to get the next, and I was at the bar!!! Service was even worse, there's at least 3 places within the close proximity that are cheaper and better.
The curry is bland and so was the hummus.
We had a bunch of different appetizers.  All were good.  I had the petit filet that costed $50...I would rather eat at Ruth's Chris.  Great service and atmosphere.  This would be the best and closest spot to XS.  Dinner and next door to the club.
Had the Bayou burger, it was awesome!
Gorgeous venue. Terrible comp policy. Why would you cut out all comps for low and mid-tier (dropping avg 10,000 per visit) players? Not so bright. This is why half their gaming revenue is lost.\n\nBoycott.
Whoa. The coffee that I bought here the other day has just RUINED me for cheap grocery store coffee. Magically delicious even when I brew it at home the low-tech way.
Great place if your looking for some heroin and a cheap blowjob. Terrible if you're looking for a good nights sleep.
This is without a doubt the best coffee I've ever had. Literally a small taste of heaven. It was smooth and nutty with hints of cocoa. If you want a good coffee check out this wonderful cafe. You won't regret it!
Outstanding Middle eastern cooking!  Vegetable platter was delicious.  Little atmosphere but the service is very friendly and helpful and the food is excellent.  One of our favorites.  Well worth the one hour drive from Surprise.
Very nice place . Fabulous chicken , not to expensive and give a lot for your money !!!
Stopped by here for some late night food - keep in mind I had some drinks - but it was delish! I like that you were able to make your own tacos AND nachos. But yea.. keep in mind I was drinking :)
Love this location. Have never had any issues other than a stench one time. Easy fix, move to the other side of the restraunt.
Good, fast food.\n\nI stop here every so often when I'm walking on Craig for an inexpensive, but filling meal. Go for the sub combos, easily the best deal on the menu and make sure you ask them to toast it!
Decent location best accessible if driving North or East.  There are lots of gas pumps here.  Fountain soda selection is good but they can't beat Circle K's prices.  I think their grill has some interesting options and occasionally I will get a hot dog.  They also have shakes and frozen coffee drinks available here.  A nice change of routine.
Loved.
The setting was perfect. Decor was very nice. Food presentation was good, but actual preparation was sub par. I will go back to give it another try because it's close to work, but not as good as I expected.
This place is always packed. So if you need assistance I strongly suggest making an appointment. I showed up a little late and they still fit me in and helped me with my issue. Great customer service, just make sure you make an appointment.
Lash tinting was great, but the boutique wasn't all that interesting.
Lamb lollipops yum\nTuna tacos were delish\nLoved the truffled fries
I love Chipotle and the food here was great.  The workers not so much though, I had to ask for things multiple times and they all seemed to have a slight attitude.
Food was good!,  Need more servers on Saturday night!    The prices are very high for a strip mall dinnig......
Decent place for happy hour. Used to come here with colleagues after work. Sushi & drinks are cheaper during happy hour... only reason we used to come here. Sushi and cooked Japanese stuff aren't that great. Go across the street to Ra at Kierlands if you don't mind paying and get better service.
How does this place stay in business? Dirty ripped clothes, worn shoes, handbags with old supermarket receipts and gum rappers inside. What in the world? People ship here? I have donated stuff in way better condition. I felt dirty coming out of there. Gross.
This review is for the gas station. \n\nThe fuel pumps SUCK. Good luck holding the nozzle the whole time while your 40gallon tank fills up. Boo.
A jewel. Truly. Trisha is an amazing massage therapist. I have been going to her for therapeutic massages for over a year now and I have been continuously impressed by the quality of my experience. Her understanding of the body and her evident skill at massage is coupled with a professional and yet friendly demeanor that puts you immediately at ease.
Not going back
Still a solid choice.  Came here after seeing The Book of Mormon for a late lunch, dined on their larb again, chicken panang and some other items.  All was excellent, except the BBQ pork was on the fatty side.  Servers here are always super friendly.
Cool place, modern. Good food.  Fast service.  I would recommend making reservation to make sure you get a table.  Try general's chicken wings and shrimp & grits.  Yummy!!!
We have had dinner here twice now and both times the food was very good as was the service. We can recommend this restaurant!
I love their 86% dark chocolate! Ice cream was average. The service was very friendly and the free samples of mini-chocolates was a generous and tasty touch.
I love these place the logo says that all. Friendly staff and off course I got  some furniture at  reasonable prices.  i  thank my  frd  who  suggested these place to buy sectionals and bedrooms set got at reasonable price .I must says people who are looking for some good deals must visit here.. they hve huge collection .
Large selections of almost everything. Many choices for food. Fun to just walk around and look at different things. Large selection of used cars being sold by owners. Easy to get to and lots of parking. Prices are very good.
Cheese tasted pretty bad, will probably not go here again :(
Great place with a variety of alcoholic beverages. The staff is both friendly and helpful. Sometimes, it is not the cheapest, because I get better deals at a grocery store. Never the less, I know I can count on this place to have what I want.
Caught them before closing time, being generous with 2 stars regardless the tacos were mediocre at best.
We always call this place the Euromart. I use to work in the GBU building and would meet the boyfriend for lunch here. They make a mean gyro. I've never had their pizza. That's just weird to me but I guess they expanded so that they could stay in business.
Very very meh. The food was ok, the wine was nasty. Had fun with the group of people I was with, but it's not likely I would go back.
Have eaten here several times now and have never been disappointed.  Good consistent food.  Another great yelp find..
Not my favourite restaurant - I don't frequent fast food chains, but I do like McD's hot chocolate!
Was this the best Chinese food I ever had - no BUT it was pretty good - we just had dimsum and we were happy - the salt and pepper calamari was especially good. Some of the dumplings very reasonable and some surprisingly expensive.
Real deal. Nice folks, happy hour with live music and half price appetizers too! Nice people and can't beat the service. Ate 2 doors down at burger bar and sorry I did. Will be back next time here!
Rush Espresso is a great place tucked into the Ballantyne Village. I feel like I'm in another great coffee house in Seattle. They serve such well made and exquisite coffee and tea. You can tell they take pride in what they do. This is the best coffee I've had in Charlotte.
Place is awesome good food good drinks good music on a Wed... night great place to chill and get twisted before pink rino lol
The prive si good but too much hustle!\nNot enough parking space neither for valet parking nor self parking.\nEven though the lines are full they only have 3 people for check in/out!\nI spent 1:35 mins in parking and checking in.\nWhat a waist of time.
It was horrible to park.  There were way to many people.  The lines to everything were long.  Bring cash most vendors don't take credit cards.  $10 per person to get in and we left after 20 minutes due to too many people.
Third trip here and amazing as always. I had the buckeye dog and the carne asada fries. Super filling, the fries can definitely be shared between 2 to 3 people. Thankfully I was starving so it didn't go to waste. Highly recommend for a cheap, delicious dinner. Perfect stop before going to the movies.
Amazing! Freshest of fresh mussels oysters and salads! The perfect place to go on a hot summer day in Vegas! Ice cold beer and great key line pie! Staff works hard!
Dilapidated, overpriced, loud, dowdy, cheap, spring break crowd, wait in line for EVERYTHING, $4 for a little bottle of Dasani, service is indignant...I mean, why go here?
Heard great things about this place when I first move down from NJ, but came up pretty weak in flavors.  I'll give it another shot since my experience was take out.\n\nWas also disappointed they wouldn't deliver to my place on Park Road because I was .2 of mile over there \"range\".
Really cool place! Order each donut customized and fresh from the fryer! Best if eaten right away! Only $1 per donut!
Very pleased to find this business on Yelp. Fast & excellent tailoring on my son's new jacket for prom - I needed the sleeves lengthened & they were able to do it the same day. You would never know it had been done with the lining as beautiful as it originally was. I highly recommend.
Refused me a drink because I did not have a Arizona ID. Makes no sense I'm here vacationing why would I have a Arizona ID? Told me I can only use my passport if I want a drink. I don't carry my passport to go get food - super horrible customer service.
I probably would have given moonstruck threeish stars when it was open, but I can't give it any stars any more because it's closed!  That seemed kind of sudden!  I wonder what happened / what is going to go in there instead.  Panera pleeeaaasssseeeee.
I work down the road and love stopping in for a quick bite to eat. Always friendly and great customer service.  They give a 20 % discount to veterans!!
Growing up in NY, I know pizza. This place has great pizza. Authentic. Jimmy the owner is super nice and was genuinely interested in what we thought of the food. I recommend you go for the pizza. One of the two best in Arizona.
Been here 45 mins....no food yet.   Think they need to get their act together in the kitchen.   This is unacceptable.  I hope they get this in order....would love to have a great place like this in our neighborhood.
Staff was friendly and quick to serve me.the cashier was somewhat new, but did a good job. Restrooms were clean.
I must have gone on an off day, according to everyone elses review. Ordered the duck with rice. But instead got skin,bones and rice. And a bonus of shattered bones through my meal. Not pleasant.
Supper Easy to work with, took my idea, came up with a Business card that looks amazing, tool the layout and came up with a Rack card and a 3x8 banner.  Also the turn around time was extremely fast.   Highly recommend this company to anyone with printing needs.
Yummie\nGreat salad & awesome thin crust pizza. I don't even eat crust that much but there's is divine.
Called late in the day and was able to do an amazing job in a short time. Tint looks great and the price cant be beat.
Lobby bar bartenders are rude. Two bartenders ignored us for 5+ minutes. We tried to get they're attention and when they made eye contact with us, they made no sign that they had seen us. We finally just decided to leave. There is no excuse for rude service.
Excellent service.  Excellent food. Cozy ambiance. Reasonnable prices.  Will be going back for sure!
The food is good, but it is pricey and the service is awful! If you want to be treated with respect and to receive your food sometime thus century, don't come here.
One might think that a big, prestigious hotel such as the MGM Grand would have a great buffet. One would be quite incorrect. This is not a cheap buffet but the food and selection ranks among the lowest. Skip it.
I ran across this on my way to starbucks and was delightfully pleased! The crepes are just amazing - the best I've had since living in France!! The service was great and I would recommend this shop to everyone!
This place is new to me. They had Cochinitas on the menu and I've never had pork prepared that way. It was great in the Torta. Basic menu and good food.
Had a delicious meal, but still left hungry after spending $200 on dinner for two. Something about that just seems so wrong.
Suncoast sucks. Such a shit hole.\n\nBut they got bowling and movies.\n\nThat is all.\n\n* off the strip
Can't really talk about much but the poor service. We walked out after 25 minutes without any. We even told the hostess we were headed to the showroom. She said she would tell our server. We never saw a server. Too bad, the menu looked interesting.
Tried to check in tonight 9/27(Starwoods platinum member), security guard became irate over nothing and refused allowing me to checkin. Black guy, late 30's I would never stay here again.
i have been getting my hair cut here for 15 years.  Marjorie is amazing and priceless.  I am as picky about my hairstylist as i am my dentist or doctor.  I travel extensively for work and get compliments no matter where i travel.  Wouldn't go anywhere else!
A disappointment we were really hoping for German brats, not the usual brat you can get anywhere. Had the beer brat which had more spices then actual meat. Pretzels are good though!
Ate here in November. The burger was tasty and juicy. The shake was good as well. I would eat here again if I was in the area. The price was right I felt for what I got.
I love this savers! I saw some 7 jeans for $30 dollars and got some joe jeans for $12 yay! Best buy yet were my ferragamos for $12 great designer selection at this savers
3 forms of ID to get a license?  Sigh.  Guess I'll head back AGAIN next week.
Quality and delicious pizza!! Very good service, very close to my house. I love this place!!! Definitely I will recommend to my friends!!! I love there veggie  lovers pizza
We found this place right when it opened and no longer go anywhere else for breakfast. This place is top notch.
Had breakfast here on 1/12/2013, they said they have been open less than 3 weeks.  I ordered an omelette and coffee, the food was really good!  Coffee was good too, and refills came promptly.  No problems with the service.
One of the worst meals ever.  Service was bad, food was bad.  Never going back.
Only downside is it's always busy. We had to wait 20 minutes on a Saturday morning. Food is good, and service is great. We had Lisa and she checked in on us numerous times. Will be returning!
Service accuracy is awful. Side salads are not delivered before your entree.  Our server forgot to put our order in - so our group of 8 was fed one person at a time. We won't be back! No cheesecake can make up for poor server performance! Stay away. If you want Cheesecake Factory, visit another location!
You're a Mexican restaurant and you don't serve chips and salsa. Stop right there, automatic 1 star.
Great service and very reasonable price. I stuck my tractor in the mud yesterday, my neighbor and I couldn't get it out.  Called Allen's this afternoon and by 4 PM he had it out. He charged less than half of what the other guy quoted me on the phone.
This was a super cool place.
The Saimin was really good. Get there early to avoid the long line.
Great cake and desserts only wish the price was less.
Dr Reddy and Dr Fant are amazing!  The staff is incredible.  Trust your eyes to the best!
This place is packed during the lunch hour. They have stanchions up to control the lines. \nThe food is standard Baja Fresh, good but not amazing. \nThere is seating outside that is perfect when the weather is right. \n\nPS. The bathroom needs to be cleaned and updated...
Rigatony's is hands down the best Italian restaurant in Tempe.  Great food, full portions, and awesome service.
Affordable, fast, delicious, and what a variety of sauces and toppings. Great personal pizzas
I love this place! My squid was really good, and birthday cheesecake was very tasty! But rest of my family did really enjoyed their food. Four stars because of it.
This is the closest Target to my home so I come in about once a week. It could use a little love by way of an update and some intense cleaning. I like the newer Target at Desert Ridge better but this one makes due.
Adult pool minimum age is not unforced. Definitely a family resort, not so much for the empty nester wanting a quiet get-away.  Accommodations are very nice. Bed was comfy.
The rooms aren't high quality. To stay for a couple of days is fine. The shops and casino very convenient.
I have only had the \"Steak Bomb,\" which is a steak sub with onions, green peppers and cheese.  Pretty good, but at $9, it seemed a little expensive for when I got.
This is the best place to get your brows done. I like it that they check with you to ask aboout medications you may be on with your face, because there can be serious problems if you wax on certain meds. No other place has ever asked me this!
my favorite place in madison to see a band. Good sound, not too big, and friendly staff...
Best breakfast burritos in town
I purchased a groupon and tried calling them several times the last few months to set up an appointment.  I was never able to talk to someone on the phone or get a call back.  I finally had to e mail groupon today to try and get my money back, I will not use this business In the future.
It was a disappointment. My chicken dinner was just OK but not worth the large price tag. The other 4 in my party were all extremely disappointed with what they ordered. The margaritas were pretty good.
Margaritas were good, tacos were fair (small), guacamole was wonderful. after ten it gets really loud here. They need to have tequila flights.
Not a  fan. Filabertos is definately a whole lot better and has better prices.
Good food, great location, quick service at the drive thru. They usually get it right (though admittedly it should be always...). I'm satisfied.
This place is a burning garbage dump fire of a restaurant. Eight or nine local employees that really don't care. Everybody standing around moving as slow as they possibly can at an airport location. Really mediocre service and no pride in work.
This location stated that they were too busy for deliveries and suggested a try one of their competitors... Really?
Its Home Depot. Decent prices & decent materials. convenient locations
I stopped here for lunch yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.  The Coney Island dog, cheese fries and Faygo soda were excellent.  The staff was very helpful and friendly as well.  I will be back for some of these tasty vittles.
Worth checking out the view (and the slide) but everything -- from appetizers to drinks to entrees -- is drastically overpriced! If you have money to burn and are looking for kitsch, this is your spot. Otherwise, pick some place else...
Not a bad club, but not on par with others in town.  It is dark and loud and crowded.  The walkways around the dance floor are narrow and tough to navigate.  The crowd was decent and music was as well.  Don't go out of your way for Moon, but pay a visit if you go to Playboy below it.
Goin here is always a treat, especially since the sweets for the end is always a surprise.  I love the mozzarella sandwhich and the people who work there are always so nice.  Can't wait for more choices from them...  more choices?
You really can't beat the prices here, but like many Montreal bars the less than competent servers aren't shy to rudely demand their tips.
It's for a good cause but the line is long there... Still, it's not too bad a place to go bargain-hunting on the weekends. They get consignments of unwanted stuff from big box retailers sometimes, which is worth a look.
Stay away from the sicilian unless your want a pound of bread...
Came here because everything else was closed and the area was pretty dead. The food was unremarkable. Actually, it was so unremarkable that I don't remember what I ordered. But the water was tasty.
Very tasty rolls, sushi chefs very friendly and loved the 90's R&B music as well haha. I will be back for teppan
Walked in, sign said \" seat yourself\" so we did. 15% of the place was occupied. Acouple girls said, seat yourself. So we is. 20 minutes later, we still had no service. Buffalo Wild Wings, here we come
I went in to set up a tire replacement for my tractor and Luis refused, flat refused, to provide an estimate or a copy of the work order he created. Has all the ear-marks of a bait and switch company, I will never do business with them! I will not take a chance on being ripped off!
Authentic and wonderful. $2 tacos. No chicken ones. Everything is made fresh even the tortillas!  Great street food!
Wow! Red velvet pancakes were awesome! The service was great, the portions were large and the food was awesome! We have lived in Las Vegas for a few years and have been looking for great breakfast places and this one hot the mark. So excited to eat there again!
meh... the food was not as great as what the reviews rave about. perhaps because i ordered a steak taco salad and it tasted like they smoosh 1million taco shells into it.. meh! the salad dressing tasted like ass. ASS i tell you. and it was pretty pricey. meh!
Potbelly's is a good place for a quick bite. Their sandwiches are very reasonably priced and they are rather tasty. If you're in somewhat of a hurry and want something good, try Potbelly's!
Super friendly wait staff. The inside is dimly lit around the bar and it gives for a private and warm environment. Classic Italian food and decent craft beer selection. All around great place to eat after 18 holes at continental.
Cheryl and Ray are great.  As a small business owner I can appreciate the fact that thy don't have lot minimums and I can order one or two pieces at a time.  The quality is top notch to boot, highly recommended.
I'd like to thank Groupon for refunding my money back.  Never was a customer of this place because I simply \"never had time\" as the response was so kindly put.
Great concept poor execution. I think they need Gordon Ramsey's help with the menu.
Was craving some Chinese food after a fun Vegas trip this was the closes thing I could get and barf! no flavor and the noodles wow nasties things I've ever eatin only gave em 2stars bc the employees were nice. Horrible food
Excellent meal. Had the lobster stuffed ravioli and my wife had the braised veal shank. Highly recommend both. Grilled octopus to start. We will be back again!
The question comes up again - what happened to the old Mimi's?  The food quality has gone down hill tremendously (tasted canned/old) and the service was not very good (not attentive and \"fake-nice\").  The bathrooms look like they need attention (maintenance and cleaning).  No thanks.
Amazing! Great cuts! Delicious sides, especially the balck truffle mashed pot. Love this place!
Damn, I wish this were closer to work...maybe it is good that it isn't because it would be bad for my health.  I had an absolutely perfectly grilled piece of salmon, and a wonderful salad.  The service was great, and the atmosphere is absolutely charming!  I will be back!
Parang noodle is the best.  Mega heat, but even more flavor.  Get it once, you will be a fan for life.
Great food, but the prices are way too high...glad I got to try it once, though, so I know what a $300.00 meal tastes like (not much better than a $100.00 meal...just $200.00 more).
The flavors and toppings were okay.\nI was a little disappointed how few non-fat options there were.\nThey have an okay selection but all were of similar tastes.
Perfect...really.
Big letdown. This has to be the worst service I have ever seen at Hyatt. Pool was littered with empty cups and smelled like beer. The staff would not clean up and not come around and ask if you are OK. The SWB was the worst restaurant experience I have had in years. Will not be back here again.
This place is a joke the subs they give you are a child firehouse not worth the money don't bother
Good place to stay if one has m life account. Pool is whatever however awesome pizza and now hershey candy store in premises!
When I 1st started with them I was their #1 fan. Now ugh.... Produce is always bad\n Called CS add every time it's just we can give you your money back... I don't \nwant my money back I want food.
Great service. Good food. Had baked scallops. Reasonable prices
Tr\u00e8s tr\u00e8s bon sushis, il y en a pour tous les go\u00fbt et tr\u00e8s spectaculaire visuellement. Le seul hic, le prix.
Came here for dinner. Geez, no one bothered to greet us, seat us or act like we existed. Waited long enough & finally gave up & left.  Take your business & eat where they welcome customers. These people could care less
Worst post office in Vegas. Don't bother coming, itll take all day, whatever youre trying to do.
Very good food and very big portions however the staff was very slow and lacked attention to detail ... I just ask that my drink stayed filled and even that took forever and any request made ie ketchup or syrup would have left your food cold by the time it arrived.
YUCK!!!
good place to walk around and get some fresh air, a few cute gardens and churches to wander into. very touristy and thus over-priced gift shops and mediocre-looking restaurants. lots of bugs and a few interesting offerings like the labyrinth and cirque du soleil.
Food was ok, Great place for hang  out or for watching sports great selection beers
Was visiting Arizona and stopped by the mall and enjoyed some yogurt.  Fresh fruits and good selection of frozen yogurts.
Great food and excellent service! Sweet and sour chicken is delusions as well as king pao shrimp! Amazing choice of wine. Second night we are having dinner here
Good selection of ipas, good music, the chicken nachos were amazing. Came with a very generous amount of quality guacamole. Enjoy.\n\nExcellent service.
Ordered delivery from here I've had better noodles in a cup!  Horrible food!  The best thing I'll say I's customer service was great
Nice space.  Friendly staff.  Good mix of all different types of crowd so great for people watching.  But the music on a recent Saturday night was all over the place.\n\nWill want to check it out again on a different night.
I had a great experience! Tonya was fantastic. I went in not expecting much and after the first two minutes I was delighted. She has a beautiful touch! I am bringing my family back next time!
It's cheap and fast! The employees are friendly and provide good service. Don't expect fine detailing the entire car, but they do a good, quick vacuum and wipe down inside. The outside is your standard drive-through wash. It's a step above a gas station car wash.
Very busy, some of the employees are rude and my hubby needed some asthma pills which they have a card you have to give the pharmacy and they lady was well not very smart.....
I tried out TC's because Buzz BBQ near my house closed.  It was worth the drive.  The chicken was near perfect and the mac and cheese is as great as others say.  Cole slaw was not my favorite but if you really cole slaw you will probably like theirs.  I will definitely try it again.
This place is incredible! You owe it to yourself to try their \"evil edamame\"! Nothing anywhere else even comes close.\nI love their half price sushi and the hibachi salmon. Great prices, friendly service and dont forget the delictable coffee creme brulet
Super good Mexican food in Tempe. Started with joAnnas special- a nice cheese crisp tostada with green chile and pork-  which was delicious.\n\nThe green enchilada sauce on the burros is really good. Best green enchilada sauce I've found.
Wonderful food!  This is my second time at this restaurant and the food is always perfect. We'll definitely be back!
I just purchased a brand new mini cooper and had a fantastic experience. I walked in said what I wanted, took a test drive and about an hour later I was driving off. My salesman, Jeff was fantastic.
Since there's no 3.5 option I'll bump them up to 4.  Good food, great biscuits, good service, and a nice clean atmosphere.  Also has a neat little gift store attached with a great selection of old school candy and snacks.
Always great food, and always excellent service!
Love the pomegranate chicken entree.  It came with a wonderful Greek salas full of kalamaya olives, cucumers, red onions and feta cheese.  The chicken yummy topped with chopped walnuts.  Yummy!
enjoyed it but i can go without my plate looking like jumanji...
I love this place!  The pastries are the best I've had.  The owners are a delight.  Always great service, always great food.  I know when I want to impress dinner guests, we make sure we get pastries from here.  Everyone raves about them.  I really enjoy spending my money with Mom & Pop places like this.
Tastes OK when you're hungry, but my husband and I both had stomach pains later. Too much raw onion maybe? I dunno.
I loved this place. Great room and they upgraded me for free. Food was great and I loved how everyone called me by name. Spa was amazing as well. This is my new Hotel in Las Vegas.
This is place is clean the server is very attentive. Food was brought to us within 10/15 after we placed the order. Came for the lunch special they're priced very well. Will definitely come back. Delicious!!
Surang's is one of my favorite Thai places in Vegas.  Their service is always fast and friendly and the food is great.  My favorite dishes are the Cashew Chicken, Masaman Curry, and Pineapple fried rice. The mango and sticky rice for dessert is wonderful as well.
The food was pretty good. However, I hated the interior design of the restaurant. If the place looked better than now, I would have given one more start.. calamari was well fried and Jean penne I ordered was pretty good.
Food was not good. Cisco type food served cold. Cheese inside omlette not even melted. Skip it.
This location always seems to be out of stuff for weeks. Other locations don't seem to have that problem. I think it's just poorly managed. If you can, go to another location.
Love, Love, Love Fleming's happy hour!\n\nIt is a nice atmosphere with smokin' deals on decent wine and drinks and great appetizers. There is also a very tasty burger on the happy hour menu.  The service is usually excellent.
What a fabulous place! Super clean inside and the staff is really friendly. 97$ for 2 shellac color manicures, one fill and one eyebrow wax. Great for bridal parties or birthdays as the setup has chairs facing each other :) Great customer service. Would recommend and will be back!
Just had dinner there.  Toasted ravioli was excellent and so was the pizza.  We had a thin crust.   We ate outdoors. Highly recommend.  We did have a 45 minute wait.  Perhaps it was because it was St. Patricks Day.   It was worth the wait.
Really cute shop and the yogurt is divine.  It is within walking distance for us, so we go quite a bit.
Great place! Good bar type food and great service!
I will never buy meat ,milk and eggs in this store. I bought shrimps one time, when i got home. I opened the bags, the smell of smelly came out, also made me throw up. Their vegetable is not fresh anymore. You can go there to check and compare with the other store. Bad service also.
Poor and slow service! Not worth it go elsewhere! Normally service and food are good, this one is clearly poorly managed! Doesn't do any good to have a loyalty program if staff is clueless and mgmt is, too!
Solid Coffee\n\nNot a bad gaff, attentive service and good coffee. Didn't try the food, but they had a range of fresh sandwiches and pastries.\n\nCheaper than places nearby and just as good
Quality Buffett. Go for Sunday brunch if you want the good stuff.
Place is okay we stayed for a pot luck the staff wasn't happy because we accommodated the hall but that's what it's for right?!?
We love Rebar! The food is fabulous and consistent, the drinks poured well and the staff beyond friendly! It's our neighborhood joint where everyone feels at home. Salmon, grilled cheese, burgers, meatloaf, bacon-wrapped pork, wings....all yummy!!!!!
Not yummy...so sad...what is up with the millions of sesame seeds on my bun and that's the only bun I can choose from.
Usually I get wings here, and they are always good. Last time I went I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and fries, and it was much better than expected. Not that I expected to be bad or anything, so it was that good.
This my new favorite pizza place! The lunch special is great and the food is delicious! The service is great too.
Upscale version of Chautaura on State St.  Preparations are more European.  Food has been outstanding every time I've been there.  Atmosphere is wonderful.  This is a kind of restaurant lacking in Madison - excellently prepared creative food at reasonable prices in a neighborhood setting.
Was not impressed.  I had the brisket and it was very, very tough.  It had a good taste but you couldn't chew it and I wasn't going to swallow it whole.  Not impressed.  Maybe other parts of the country have better quality meats, but this place was awful.
Had a good haircut from Kim. She threw in a beard trim for free as it was my first time visiting. Friendly conversation, great service, good haircut.
totally a waste of time asian guys were the only full menu vendor
Pretty decent local place. Not bad for lunch. Decent comfort-style food but a little too greasy. Always a bit too hot inside and they REALLY need to improve their ventilation.
This was me and my wife's first time to the Gourmet taco shop. We absolutely loved it. Great salsa bar, best horchata ever and classic take on Mexican food. Definitely recommend this place.
Great dive bar option in old town. The drinks are pretty cheap and they always have specials. A lot of people start their nights here. One thing I dislike is the grimy bathrooms.
I Love this place they have the best steak spring rolls and hot jasmin tea. Best pho in town not including my girlfriends moms pho!! The service is ok, but the food makes up for any miscommunication.
lazy Joes is an awesome place with green options for fried food! It is so delicious!!!!!!
I was not impressed. Food quality was low and tasted cheap. I have no idea why ppl rave about it. I won't go back. Liberty is across the parking lot and a thousand times better plus they use local food.
Tucked away in the \"front end\" of the building.\nStaying the nite, tried their Chicken Pot Pie. Great. Filling, that was all I needed.
Mediocre service and equally unremarkable sandwich.
Hurray for Poutine - you sound obscene but you are very tasty! French fries with beef gravy and cheese curds. Very yummy. Not sure if this is the best poutine in Canada, but it was a nice introduction!!
We felt the buffet was pretty good for buffet standard.  Husband even liked it .  They were always bringing hot foods.
nice looking place
Don't even bother with the other beach clubs in Vegas! EBC is where its at! Everytime I've been here, I've had the time of my lifeee! Musics always on point, drinks are delicious and strong, half naked bodies everywhere.. what more could you ask for !? Hahahha
Walked in, the place smelled like farts.\n\nAte food, was mediocre if I'm being generous.\n\nGot home, I've puked so much I'm crying and shit so much my ass is bleeding. Thanks for the food poisoning, I'm never coming back.
I go out of my way to go to QT for any gas station need....
The second visit to Bachi Burger was not as good as the first visit. Not bad. Just not as great as we initially thought. ...I'm not a fan of their ketchup. ...Wifey said her chicken/turkey burger was good but not great.
The time, effort, and care put into their food, makes Cafe Japon one of my most favorite places to visit.  Secret, their strawberry sundae is without doubt, best in Las Vegas.\n\nThey are new and need your support.
They were able to take on my Galaxy Note 2's broken LCD.  They lived up to their promise of time and beat everyone in town on price.  They were knowledgeable, friendly, and tested everything in front of me before I left.  Well worth the money.
I waited 2 hours while the front desk clerk was having insurance mix ups. There was only one nurse and one np there seeing patients. The pre exam room where they take your temp & blood pressure is tiny and gross. I will NOT be going there ever again. The only good thing was the np was great.
Drove all the way out there because it said it was open on Yelp. Turns out it was closed. No signage saying it was closed for the holiday weekend. Just emptiness.
At veggie delight the boba drink options are delicious. They have plenty of options to choose from that give you a great selection for your after meals treat. The vegan sandwiches have a nice Asian flair the prices are reasonable.
Awesome theater, just be sure to get there early and sit in the middle. Didn't like being on the outer edge too much.
Absolutely delicious and and good presentation. I had the chicken tikka masala which was perfectly made.\n\nInexpensive but amazing flavors that will burst in your mouth , make sure you eat here before you kick the bucket
Read some bad reviews but thought, they're new so we'll give it a shot. Very disappointed,  LONG wait, very greasy and very bland. Bummer!!! I was looking forward to a new restaurant option close to home.
Looks dingy on the outside; inside is beautiful and accommodating. Staff is really friendly and appropriate. Location is amazing. Love the fact that it's right on top two sex shops.
Good cheap drinks. The bar is a dive, but that's OK, who cares? Everyone said try the Plaza Burger. Awful, awful, awful! The burger tasted like the place looked.
We go to Yama quite a bit as it close to our office for lunch.  I really like the Spicy Seafood salad, however it seems they have cut the portion size way down.  The server today was not very attentive either.
Delicious tuna subs. It's a change of pace from the subways of the world and the people are friendly. Very clean and nice roomy seating.
A very pleasant surprise in terms of quality!! We went for dinner but would recommend it more for lunch based on the type of food they serve. But it was all delicious!
Well this review is for the A**hole who couldn't get me and my parents a cab because are luggage was too big..WTF yeah there big cuz i just spend $$$$$, i'm not staying at aria anymore..Do yourself a favor and find some new employees
I liked my burger and my short shake. Didn't like the gnats and flies. There weren't a ton of flies and gnats just enough to annoy while eating.
I had a very bad experience with the store.  Very rude seamstress. She cost the company she works for money because my husband and I will never go there again.  If you are looking for a friendly family business, do not go to Boston cleaners on West Charleston they are expensive, rude and unfriendly.
It was a great place to watch a game, enjoy an array of tantalizing wings, and wash them down with an average-priced brew. Besides the place being a bit dark, the location of BWW, the friendly staff, and the speed of service was exactly what we needed and received!
the chicken noodle soup was delicious, it had noodles, veggies, chicken, and not overly salty.\n\nthe baked rigatoni took longer than expected to get. \n\nIf it was just a tad cheaper It would have gotten 4 stars.
After reading the reviews I decided to stop by and I was a little disappointed, not as good as all the reviews suggested.
The place is really spacious and the folks are really nice.  Pizza is decent but it's not Mineo's
I have been here a few times now, and every time, the food is delicious. The staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgable about the menu and preparations.
Went  and enjoyed this delicious grub today! Had the coarse chop BBQ  and the Pork sandwich with pimento cheese and fried pickles. What a strange combo but it was delightful. The onion rings were only ok. The rest was super yummy!
Whatever they serve for yellow curry is not yellow curry but some watered down version with carrots, potato, and chicken. Delivery was available so that gives them an star but I won't revisit. Especially with some of the great Thai places just a few miles away.
Wow, seems I should've read reviews first! All of the food in this food court was pretty unappealing so we gave it a shot. 3 meats and much of it all tasted the same. Ended up throwing out most of the container. \nBest thing I had was the bottle of water.
This one is our fav of the buffet of buffets. It's got a lot of food and easy to reach especially when we stay at Planet Hollywood too. The servers are fast and nice.
Love this place I use to live just down the street and then after I moved I was so sad that I drive 25 mins to get dinner. Love the dinner for 2.
Rooms are very old.  We had the outdoor disco under our room in Tower 5 which caused the room to vibrate with bass until they stopped at 2:30 AM.  Manager was awful and it took over 20 minutes on hold just o talk with anyone.  Very limited self parking.  I do not recommend at all.
Dr Ruiz and staff are endlessly kind and compassionate. Sadly it was time for my dog to graduate to her next life. They treated her like she was their own. I will be eternally grateful. I would highly recommend her for minor and major vet needs
Excellent service! Fast and best quality! The driver that deliver the flower was very helpful and very nice! He was talking to me on the phone while making the delivery! My flower was delivered to my fiance exactly the time i asked for! Recommended!!
Not bad at all. The staff is always very nice and quick. The sandwiches are alright, usually just a little soggy since they are not made right on the spot. THE CUPCAKES are incredible and so is the dill potato salad. Everything is pretty expensive but its usually worth it.
It serves its purpose....point blank and period.
Happy and enjoyed live music outside and then more inside :) LOVE that! Bartenders were right on it :) Dinner was wonderful, service was attentive and pleasant, enjoyed the front patio. Definitely going back to stay~cation and spend some time at the pool!
Easy cab ride from The Strip. Excellent sangria - get a pitcher! There was a table limit of 1.5 hours when we were there - not sure if that's always the case. Quick service. Charming place, good menu variety, worth the cab fare. Enjoy!
This property is in major need of an upgrade.  Rooms, while comfortable,  show their age. The casino floor has a fun vibe, and now has a more pleasant scent.
Ambiance de folie ! J'adore le style original ! A faire sur Montr\u00e9al en groupe ou couple !
Best pizza in Phoenix! Love the thin crust pizza. Very close to being east coast. Three thumbs up!
The food is great and the price is even better. I come here for the beer all the time and now I'm comming for the food.
Not a bad place for breakfast. Suppose eating outside with the smell of manure and those pesky flies add to the experience of having a meal at the farm.
We waited an hour past our appointment time to be seen. Wasn't impressed.
I like Jinya.  I like everything about a small ramen bar with enthusiastic service and great music.  The appetizers are delicious.  I will definitely go back for more sometime soon.
The food and service was decent however the decor was so dated. I feel like I went back into the early 90's. They need a serious update.
Sushi soho is our new favorite Japanese spots. The service is fabulous. Attentive but not overly so. The owner recognizes you when you walk in. The fish is some of the freshest around to. Love the seared tuna appetizer. They also have soy wrappers for the nori haters among us.
Yuck, got sick eating here a couple of hours ago.\nSave yourself and try something else.\nI  am literally on the toilet as i type on my phone
Eggfoo young was \" deconstructed\" it was a deep fried patty of batter with shrimp and overcooked beef and chicken. General tsaos was soggy and tasted like bagged chicken tenders from the grocery store, I'm almost positive they were. Even the fortune cookie was stale...
Excellent service and quality product these boys have perfected. They were on time and finished under the time they said it would take.  Very happy with these guys.  Referred them to my neighbors.
First time stopped by as I was looking for food close to my doctor's appt.  See that reviews by others are good.  It's like subway sandwich but there  option of sandwich or salad...  For about $5.00 for a sandwich that's acceptable.  Quality is good.  I will come back again.
Seriously.?  4/5 stars.  Everything tasted as though from the frozen section of a grocery store.  Soup was canned soup.  Pizza was horrible.  The wings were good though.  Definitely not coming back.
Ukffdfghhff
Great place.  The staff is always awesome and always good about keeping drinks full and are pleasant.  The food is great! The only issue I have is that it does not have a  big menu selection.  One would think with such good food that they would have a bigger selection.  Oh well, they are still one of my favorites!
2.5 stars actually. We went to Luxor lunch buffet on our 1st anniversary trip to Vegas. There was almost an hour long line. The ambiance inside was pretty good. But not many food choices comparatively. But price was low, when you compare with other big casino buffets
Great place. A bit pricey. They catered for vegans which was great, but not much options.
Kinda hokey, a little run down, but a lot of fun.\n\nThey've got 99cent deep fried twinkies, nickle slots and waitresses who bring you free booze. \n\nMy girlfriend even won 800 nickels (40 bucks) which was very exciting.
Just left Vegas Lash Lounge and my lashes look AMAZING!!!! The shop is just as amazing with a contemporary look and a fantastic staff couldn't have asked for a better experience! Run don't walk see what you're missing!
Best pizza outside of New York! My Husband and I went to Enzo's for lunch yesterday. I had the cheese pizza and garlic knots and my Husband had the chicken parm sandwich. Delicious! Live across town but will travel there for great food!
I thought I need an alignment and turns out all I needed was a tire balance. I stopped by he had me go with him and we drove around the block. I didn't cost me a thing because the tire balance was under warranty. Really  nice guy.
hate the service. please fix
Great customer service by Tony! I always do my business with location because they make things quick and simple!
This Johnny Rockets is better than the rest.  Even other Johnny Rockets.  Customer Service went above and beyond what we expected.  The Manager was extremely helpful.  They did nothing wrong, but acted like they did.  We would definitely return.  Food was excellent.  Shakes were great!
Just great. we organized a birthday party there. \ndetailed attention to guests, great service, awesome atmosphere. manager Tony took care of business. \nIt was really a pleasent experince. I will recommend this place to all my friends.
You can usually find md here on Sundays. Great food at a decent price. The only thing I would say to the owners and chefs is PLEASE lighten up on that super salty seasoning that you put on the fried potatoes. I definitely suggest this place to anyone who lives near here. I always leave stuffed.
Sloooooowwwwwwwww. Couldn't believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food.
The middle of the strip...do I need to say more? Well I can't say I won much money here as I normally do much better across the street. But there is tons of great eats, people to watch, and things to do.
Good food worth waiting, and waiting, and waiting for...  Now wait & wait for the check.
This place is great! It's very clean and the folks are very pleasant from the moment we arrived with our two dogs. Grooming was good and reasonably priced... We will be using them in the future.
I tried to substitute tomatoes for onions and they charged me 59 cent!  They are nickel and dining me... must be struggling
Ok for a quick lunch. I go there way too often though. I however always end up ordering the same thing \"Yeuog Chow's Fried Rice - Spicy Spicy\"- definitely the best thing on the menu. I wish i could give 3 and a half stars. I think it deserves it.
Food was decent, but the terrible service get this place 3 stars at best.
Excellent food but lackluster service. We had to ask for bread and were never asked if we wanted more wine until the very last bite of our steak.  My impression is that they look down on customers that don't spend a whole bunch of money on their meals.
Great place for guys to get their haircut.  They are quick, really nice, and do a good job.  The price is right too.  25 for a cut, wash, steam towel, neck shave, and shoulder massage.  They also offer you a complimentary beer while you wait.
2 ships for the unique interior.  Ships adorn the walls and you can sit comfortably in one of the several red pleather booths.  If I was to dine here again, I definitely would have parked my rear in the bar.  That place was semi packed with locals enjoying an early dinner and beverages.
The food was amazing!
Aux Vivres is a perfect take-out option and also a great spot for a quick, affordable and different meal ! I absolutely love their Dragon Bowl but many other great options are yours to discover ; fresh juice, vegan chili and BLT sandwich wrap (made with coconut bacon) will please even the strongest meat lovers !
This place is a total dive.  Probably one of the dirtiest clubs you'd find on the strip.  Luckily, I had a great time with some random people.  However, I think I ventured in on a good night.  Otherwise, stay away.  Lol.
It's super expensive and the coffee isn't consistent. I don't recommend going there but the vibe of the place is nice! There just extending to big to fast!
This is a good Subway. The staff was friendly and the place was clean. The manager of shift even offered a free sample of a cookie for my son.
Just used a groupon for date night and man are we going back! Service was outstanding. Food was amazing and drinks were sooooooo good! Highly recommend the brauts and the beer flight!
TERRIBLE!!!!   The new \"hand-tossed\" christ sucks!!!!  We will never order pizza from here again!  The mac and cheese was good though
Great place to shop at, a lot of different stores to choose from.  Parking is fairly easy, especially when it's not during holiday seasons or early morning and early afternoon on week days.
Dive Bar Nuff Said! No AC, just swamp cooler. Uhhhh Stuffed animal claw machine is full of Pornos??? Alrighty then!
I love their fried calamari. The beef sliders are too dry. I will go there just for that. The place is lacked of ambiance but great Happy Hour for all summer!
I have to say that I was less than impressed. I had the pasta with Chicken and Spinach and it was awful! The service was ok, but nothing to write home about... the busser really did a better job than the server. A ton of other restaurants out there that are way better!
Great service and prices. This is where I buy my water because its the cheapest in phoenix (even the Catalina). Fish are also healthy
They are really slow to repair and/or replace broken equitpment, and literally just stuck a cardboard box in front of one of the broken machines for over a month.  A lot of the equiptment needs to be replaced, but they seem unwilling to make changes to improve the customer experience.
Positive: Warm and welcoming interior. Attentive staff. Every single item we ordered was extra tasty. I had the baked potato soup and the chicken salad sandwich. My co-workers really enjoy their roast beef sandwich and their breakfast options. \n\nNegative: difficult to find, industrial exterior
A complete disappointment. Service was flawed and the kitchen had severe delays. Had lunch, a rueben and surf & turf tacos. The rueben was decent, the tacos, however were heavily on lime and watery. Milk and cookies took 30 minutes to arrive. I can whip up a batch in less time.
My wife & I love this place.  In a nutshell, good food & good service.  Highly recommended.
I've had better BUT the best deep fried pickles were amazing & you probably won't find better BBQ in this town.
It was alright,honestly  nothing earth shattering.Went on Valentines Day and felt very rushed.I dont think it was worth the $220.Meh..Sorry Bobby Flay,Emeril's Delmonico was far surpurb.
Great atmosphere, loved the decor.\nWonderful cocktail section. \nEverything we ate was delicious and the staff were knowledgeable and friendly.\nA perfect dinner in Madison and I will be back!
I had a wonderful experience at Bond yesterday. A big thank you and shout out goes to Maisha, who gave me an amazing gel manicure (in \"Pink Smoothie\" with iridescent glitter) and Leah, the friendly receptionist who booked my appointment and warmly greeted me. I will definitely be back!
As always great service and lots of fun its a tad expensive for fondue but its worth it especially for special occasions
Excellent authentic Italian. Great staff. They even cater to our gluten-free needs. I highly recommend!!
Do not order delivery from here unless you are prepared to wait 2 hours and get crappy service when you call to find out the status of your delivery. Food is good but not good enough to put up with this nonsense.
Does this place really exist? Foursquare doesn't have it.   Google doesn't have it.  I will totally change my review (or delete it) if someone can chime in and confirm this place...
I've been going here for about 18 years, and will not go anywhere else. Gunnell's goes above and beyond not because they have to, but because they are genuinely good people and they want to. You can't not be happy after getting tires or service here.
Duke's is as bland as it gets:  boring beer selection, soggy pizza, zero atmosphere.  It is far more interesting to sit on your couch with a 7-up and a poached egg watching a Yule Log video than it is to visit Duke's Pub and Pizza.
Good food but not open consistently. Opens early one day then not open early. How am I going to get my breakfast burrito.
Warning to all mothers......Ulta doesn't allow shopping carts in their stores, they expect you to lug around a car seat, shop, and juggle the products you want to buy. I was informed this today while trying to shop with my 3 month old. I obviously left without buying anything.
This is definitely not your usual truck stop. Pastries look delicious. Dinner rolls are large enough for a meal themselves and good!  We had a young waitress who I think was new. We found her to be sweet, polite and trying very hard. The lady managing the restaurant was really rude to her. We could all hear it.
This place is awesome. Every time I go in there we are either next in line or go right up to the counter. I hate going to the post office and they can handle anything I need to do. The ladies who work there are very helpful and friendly. They definitely are a pleasure to talk to.
Hey I love this place. It's close to home, the people are nice, the sushi tastes better than some high end places I've tried, and the prices are very reasonable. They have a big menu and the food tastes authentic to me. I highly recommend this place.
The \"Lovely bunch of coconuts\" ice cream bar was worth the $12! Not only did it taste amazing, but the consistency of the ice cream and toasted shaved coconut coating was to die for!  Can't wait to go again!
ridiculous concept......lame servers.....cash only......kind of gross food.....I would never set foot in this place again.
Courier is solid.  Come for the breakfast food, and if you're in need of a reliable lunch you should go to Courier as well.  It's nothing adventurous - eggs and bacon, pancakes, and tuna salad on white bread.  But it's tasty, reasonably priced, and friendly. It gets busy on weekends.
Good place to go to watch games, get drunk, sing karaokee and of course... eat wings.\n\nTheir wings are awesome and well priced on top of it all.\nGreat drink specials and wing specials.  It's a stereotypical Pittsburgh divey bar.
I had pants hemmed here and, while the guy did a decent job (though they still ended up too long even though he pinned them while I had them on?) it was absurdly expensive and took A WEEK.  \n\nCome on now.
The service is definitely hit or miss but the food and prices is what keeps us coming back!  This am we waited to be seated for 5 min and there were only 4 other tables taken!  Just be ready to roll the dice for your service!
OMG!!!  Not just my favorite Japanese, but my favorite restaurant, hands down.  I don't like tofu, but I like their tofu.  Every misconseption you have about asian food is shattered at Raku.  It's just that good.
The converted gas station makes for a cool, fun atmosphere and it was nice to have an al fresco brunch on a beautiful day.  But my breakfast burrito was pretty bland and the service was not that attentive.
Thinking back on when I stayed here, there's nothing special about this place..For what it is its nice, but There's not a lot to do here, and there's not a lot of staff.
I was a bit skeptical when I went in I pass by all the time but when I went in they were very welcoming and nice I got a few thing and dined in they made me feel comfortable . The food was good  pretty simple .try to the mushu chicken .
Very unorganized and messy. I came in here looking for some quality nail polish and brushes but ended up walking out with nothing. Cheap products and small variety for such a huge store.\n\nI'd recommend going across the street to the other nail supply store.
What a crap airport.  The airport security line is always backed up and they take forever to get your ticket scanned.  Hire more employees.
Zero Stars\nIncredibly rude Staff, specifically the black female.\nwill definitely write a letter to Corporate.
Not worth price
Nice, clean and quiet...\nPartners are always helpful...\nA good place to work!
Favorite spot for tasty Bruchetta!!
I love this place. Love the pad thai too... I ask for it spicy hot, then add the chili oil w crushed red pepper. Sooo delicious.
A classic.  My first Cirque show and still a great value and easier to get in if you haven't been to any of the Cirque shows yet.  Worth seeing if you haven't been.
Found this place via Living Social last year.  It was an Ok experience.  We went back recently and discovered it's closed now.  Too bad.  Cool concept.\n\nReturn Factor - 0%
Wish I had something good to say about the food, but we never actually had the opportunity to eat. Ten minutes of fire alarms and flashing lights in the middle of dinner service kind of killed it for our party. We just couldn't take it any longer.
Amazing to say, but showing its age in the casino and main tower. The smell of smoke comes out of the air conditioning even in the hotel tower, and the rooms are badly in need of updating.\n\nThe Venezzia and Palazzo towers \"seem\" much nicer.
So happy to see Fired Pie at this location. To tell you the truth they are really taking the Valley by storm. Love the concept and service. The pies are always cooked to perfection, salads fresh and plentiful and you can't beat the Bellini! Way to go Fired Pie!
Quite honestly some of the worst food I've ever had. The service was poor and the entire menu is over-priced. The view is worth checking out, but don't bother with the menu.
I am a HUGE fan of chipotle, but man this location is the worst. I went with friends and we got Horridly sick. Beware
OK selection and pricing at best.  They lack the variety and qty of food items including organic a Super Wal-Mart has and their prices are higher.
I was here on Friday afternoon and it took over a half-hour for me to get my food.  I finally had to ask someone about my order.  The burger was salty and overly saturated with sauces and my smash fries were cold.  Not a very good first impression Smash.
Quality of meal was sub standard, pasta dish very starchy as was rice dish. Reported to manager who did not understand what \"starchy\" meant. She was not engaged did not seem to understand the difference between pasta and rice.
Walked in here asked for price for .223 rounds...dude flat out ignored me and didn't even acknowledge me. Continued to talk to his friend looking for rifle. Wtf.
Went in to get fingerprinted for a job and discovered that they can offer most of the same services that FedEx does.  They are not a true copy center but it is pretty close and I was impressed by their customer service.  For simple stuff going here will be much more convenient that driving to a FedEx store.
It isn't often that you run into businesses these days that offer good customer service... This place does. It's nice to leave a business and feel like your time is appreciated.
what kind of a burger king does not serve Chicken Sandwich!!!! This is like the only burger kind ive been so far that only serves one type of chicken sandwich in two style...crispy or grill...whatever happen to the fish or the orignal chicken sandwich? what a disappointment...
I love this place. It is literally a house half-converted to a bar. Pretty low key place to stop. I am going to make a regular visit when I am in the Willy St area.\n\nAlso has a nice outdoor patio... so get there while the weather is still tolerable.
If I a can give a ZERO I would say that it is too much.  This company will take your credit card and charge you whatever they want.  I would rather have no one in my house than these chit chatty, irresponsible and disrespectful people in my home!!! I would NEVER use them again
I like to go here because the crazy ASU kids don't go here. It reminds me if a bar out of a movie where all the people are just hard-working Americans looking to relax in a calm environment.
Beyond superb, which is no surprise with its location in a Steve Wynn property (Encore)!  The meatballs are amazing!  Sinatra is a must if your looking for  upscale Italian fare in Vegas!
This place started off great but I believe the main chef left and now nothing comes out as ordered.
Hurray!! Divine is now a Starbucks!! Always had good coffee but now it's even better. Market is well-stocked. We love the friendly owner, Candi and the patio is heaven.
Wonderful little place, a true gem hidden in the neighbourhood, wish we had more of these here in NDG... An authentic, delicious and very affordable  Japanese treat! A must try!!!
We loved our breakfast.  Bacon avocado omelet and carnitas pork skillet.   Great service by all the staff.   We will be back next time we are in town.
The Pirate show was closed in December. Employees say it's indefinite...no plans to reopen at this time.
I know they are known to be a great seafood restaurant, but I ordered their duck dish which was surprisingly good.  I also tried my friend's scallop and it was perfectly cooked as well.  Definitely worth going back.
Celebrated birthday dinner with my family which included several children and the food was great our waitress was wonderful and even the other customers didn't mind the \"ring around the Rosie\" going on in the corner. Thank you uncle sam's for the perfect evening!
The company was much better than the food.  China Panda could give them a run for thier money.
2 stars just for the roof top. Great place to sit and relax on a nice day. Drinks are pretty bad. We tried the red sangria and it was the worst sangria that I had ever. You may drink a bottled beer and enjoy your life without worrying about the taste.
I would give no stars if it let me. Absolutely horrible service. Food took so long we ended up having to get it to go.
If you live in the Dilworth / South End area of charlotte this is the place to come for a great beer selection. Good Bottle has a very neighborhood feel yet very industrial. Killer selection - great prices - 12 taps - awesome hours - extremely personable.
One of my favorite places for Greek good. Chicken pita sandwich is delicious! I'm in love with the their Greek fries!
I just had dinner at Diya with my boyfriend. The food was good but it was pricey. It has small portions and is definitely fine dining. If you are looking for an inexpensive night of Indian food with large portions, this is not the place.
Always love the salad bar! They also have a great California club! Staff is pretty attentive.
Great friendly service and is very helpful with my cases.  So far the lowest cost in fees compared to any other law offices. Outcomes are succesful.
Fast service, friendly staff, and out door seating. The parking sucks and the outside seating is a little small (and right on the road) but overall good Starbucks!
I literally thought I had died and gone to heaven after trasting the Greek fries. Hands down the best seasoned fries I've ever eaten. The staff was helpful and the atmosphere is very pleasant.
This place ugh. Allow you to book appt online and typically that is great but I've been sitting here for an hour past the time they told me to come in and still have not been seen. Very frustrating to hear nurses talking about their meals when there are people waiting. Grrr
Are you lost? Run away from this place as fast as you can! Not only the vodka will ruin your stomach but also the horrible thing they call food. At $35 ($45 with taxes and tips) the holidays menu is a total rip-off.
Came within an hour of calling, removed wasps and nest within 15 minutes and gave us an awesome deal! Definitely recommend them, perfect for college students on a budget and get the job done thoroughly!
Have to downgrade this after an over-salted meal with my family. The garlic bread was especially funky and everything just seemed to taste off--a sign of staleness I believe. So this spot is 1 for 2 which is enough for me to try some other Italian places in town.
Love the sunshine roll! The happy hour prices are amazing! Great service, nice atmosphere, and most importantly delicious sushi look out for groupons
Stay away very poor service at a very high price.  If you get your oil changed and don't take them up on their up service they don't like it. We thru my glove box without asking and didn't put thing back Really!!!  Still missing my cabin filter because I said no thank you
Stopped by on my trip from Cali. Good to find a Vape store in Vegas with good service, prices and selection. I went to about 7 different shops on my trip and this was by far the best.
Very average and below par for phoenix I would hope not bad but I would hope to find better.
I stop here occasionally for convenience, but I don't care for this one. It looks and feels old. It's on the northwest corner and always seems hard to get in and out of.
Indoor trampolines! What's not to love? $10 Tuesdays & Thursdays.
Nice Gym, friendly staff.
Dirty, claustrophobic, and way too expensive for the crap they try and sell. Not worth it. Stay as far away as you can.
I had the two meat combo with beans and slaw.  The brisket was dry and the hot links weren't.  They did have never-ending pickles and soda.  I'll stay with Famous Daves or John Mull's.
great place with excellent food and even better people!!  Feels like eating at a family member's house. Food is incredible as well. Prices are Very good. I'm making it a weekly spot to go eat. Good to find a place with authentic Caribbean food made by great people. Music took me back home!!
Don't go anywhere else for cupcakes... These are the best. They truly are! -- I highly recommend the Drumstick! -- Even if you don't live in this area they are worth the drive!! DELICIOUS!!
The steakhouse sucks and the service is horrible.I have never met a more rude hostess in my life!!!
Don't even bother if you're not on a guestlist.
This location blows!  From the smug attitude of many of the associates to the downright ineffectiveness of the work they pretend to be doing.  It really is awful.  Unfortunately, this location is the closest to my house.
The best linguine vongole (with clams), I have ever had at a restaurant! The sauce is thin (perfect for this dish) but very flavorful and smooth. The servers are very personable, and the owner will check up on you before your dinner is over, great place, very good choice.
Don't get me wrong , I understand that a good hair cut takes time but this place is crazy sometimes It took me 3 hours to be seen and it was totally not necessary , all they do is talk to each nd stay on there phones
I went here for a drink after work with a friend and absolutly reccomend it!  They have a great wine selection, appetizers only, relaxing music and the patio is wonderful.  Perfect place for grabbing a casual drink!
DIM SUM! my fave thing, shrimp balls. they're salt/pepp shrimp is comparable here to other places bc it's gross....
Baci Italian bistro is the jewel of Queen Creek! Worth the drive! You must try the\nCreamy chicken marcella. The pizza is very good. Make sure you call ahead, because there is always a wait.
Waited for 20 minutes, at least 5 waitresses walked by and made eye contact, but never stopped to take our order. So we left and went to to the tilted kilt where we always get outstanding service.
Do not eat here. I was NOT expecting extreme freshness since we r away in Las Vegas but the sushi rolls are so dry and plastic looking that I feel I was robbed out of my money. Had to go next door for a burrito. :(
I went to Fatburger twice on my recent trip to Las Vegas. I was seriously tired of the buffets and loved the burger here. Got a king burger, with onion rings and a banana shake (which was to die for).  I will be back here on my next visit to this location on the strip.
First time since I came to US I felt home. Taste of the food I had remind my moms cook. Organized and elegant. On the TV our traditional music. Waiter used tablet for orders so it defiantly reduced waiting time.
This is ridiculous, the place is empty and I can't get a table to eat desert, I need to order at least appetizers.\nI was honest to say I want I have a desert, hosted was unbelievable rude.
The food was good but I would only rate it as okay compared to other Thai resturants I have eaten at.  The service was very slow.  I do not think they had enough help. Our server was trying hard but had too many tables to wait on.
The elk burger is leaner than a grilled chic sandwich and a lean sub for beef
Next is the kind of place you begin shopping when you're teens start to become a worryingly distant memory, and you're comfortable enough in yourself not to really give a toss about being at the sharp end of fashion, or attracting attention to yourself.\n\nTicks all the boxes for me then, and surprisingly good jeans.
Poor service and very poor food. Chicken in the fajitas tasted expired. Would never eat here again.
Tracy is a great new manager. She is prompt in handling my concerns and goes out of her way to make sure I'm satisfied. I'm very happy with the customer service I received at C & R Tire on Raintree.
Terrible experience for take out.. why call ahead if they don't even start your order until you show up? Luckily my family was satisfied with the food because I waited an extra half hour for it.
The Shiitake chicken is pretty good. Will order again. The location has good service.
Over rated. Cheap food, so so service. hit or miss. Just come here when you have a coupon. Otherwise its not worth it to spend all ur time to stop by and eat here.
Very disappointing as I had been there for lunch and enjoyed the food.  Even was a disaster.  Bad service, food arrived cold, waiter could care less, ETC.
Kinda sucky service. Good ice cream though. Decent non-ice cream menu as well.
Great food and very knowledgable/helpful staff. A little expensive, but the food is definitely worth it Have had pasta on one occasion and salmon on another....loved them both. Will definitely be back to support this great restaurant!
Was here on the grand opening night and it was fantastic! A toast & cheer on your grand official opening. Congratulations & best wishes.
Yum Yum Yum. Need I say more? This place rocks. Pizza for my picky son,a big fat gyro for my daughter who misses them from our trip to Greece, and for Mama a platter, really reasonable, really yummy, really fresh.
The food is good but not great, took us 3 hours to finally get seated.  The service was good but the food choice was very poor.\n\nprobably will not consider to go back to this one again.\n\nIf it is your first time, it is worth to try.
Very small restaurant. Went for lunch and ordered a chicken salad and it was very bland. I may try this place again as most of the reviews on here are great...but the salad was definitely nothing special.
Love the phone application to make yoqur reservation on your way to the salon... my son got a great haircut ... I will come back, when I am in town... Veronica is WONDERFUL!
Really good spice level.  Awesome shrimp plates.  Pretty mundane po'boys.  Overly charred bread.  Incredible bread pudding.\n\nCramped indoor seating but still good eats.  Don't go here if you're vegetarian.
Best hummus I've ever had. I use it in everything. So many different flavors to choose from! My favourite combo is the garlic hummus with the beet hummus! And I add the others to dishes as a flavor booster! Delicious!
Have had better n more for less.  Ordered take out..The side salad was old and browning.  The girl at the front was very nice, but they forgot to include my sauces...  The calzones are pretty good, stay away from the subs..
I have been taking my babies here for a year now because they do a great job! Stacey is super nice and the price is right!!
Food is great I can't say much for the service and the hostess who upon arriving welcomed us with a \"what!\"
Get the beet salad.  Scallops were perfectly done!  Tables are too close together- but that is typical in Madison.
Employees are rude, slow and indifferent.  Good and drinks are expensive and poorly made. There are so many better choices on Mill, avoid this one.
This review is solely based on takeout. WINNING takeout! We got a deluxe pan pizza minus black olives and a side of their famous dressing. Both were home runs! I have to buy a bottle or two of that dressing next time. And maybe even try it on a salad!
Friday night. Completely empty.  I learned a lesson: check before i pay cover. I had a a group and we barely walked 5 feet in and turned around to politely asked for a return. They were completely dismissive. Bad business practice.They lost business from us.
Absolutely heavenly food. For sure a must try!
Again , my favorite breakfast place!!! I soo look forward to my Saturday mornings!   If it \" ain't \" broke don't fix it!  Lol.
BOOOO!!!! Costco did away with the $1.58 chocolate dipped  almond covered ice cream in the cafeteria.
We ordered from them mid day during the week for delivery.  It took 2 hours and our pizza was cold.  We were told by the manager that they would give us a free pizza.  We called back a few days later to order and there was no record of the incident.\n\nWe will never return.
BEST HOT DOG SHOP IN THE BURGH! I took my boyfriend (born and raised in Las Vegas) here right off the plane. Needless to say, HE LOVED IT! Very clean and welcoming. Loved the philly cheese steak advertised out front
Had a lovely lunch here with my husband recently. I enjoyed the crab and shrimp cakes with roasted vegetables ... very tasty particularly when paired with the Santa Ema Sauvignon Blanc. My husband was very happy with his Pasta Pomodoro and the service was wonderful.
Awful. All of the dinners came with the sauce on the side. What the?  Ordered the Golden Wok Chicken and the General Tao's Chicken. Again, sauces on the side (why?!) and not much flavor anyway. This was definitely the Bud Light of Chinese take out.
Entree dishes are great with large portions. not overly fond of the side salads. Too pricey for everyday dining and the ambience is lacking. They tout their tasteless cheesecake, while not horrible, I have had much better at a lot of places for less money.
Consistent with all In N Out restaurants. Always awesome.
Pretty large casino and game room. Reminds me of Vegas. Excellent parking in garage. Lost money but still a good choice for alcohol and gaming.
Very good food ~ always consistent ~ good buffet at lunch ~ not cheap but very freshly prepared with great care. Clean facility with friendly staff. Owners usually on site ~ lots of pride of ownership. \n\nMay the owner continue to experience abundance. Blessings :) KC
always have a great time here.
The only nice thing is the patio. Staff unfriendly, food terrible. Probably the worst Mexican food I have ever had. Maybe if we had been drinking it would have tasted better.
I called Central Towing last night because I had accidentally locked my keys inside my car. They said it was going to be about a 25 minute wait. After an hour I called several times... no answer. They didn't show up until an hour and a half later!
This is a cute bar. Pretty small. Wish it attracted a younger crowd..felt really out of place.
YES - this is well worth a stop on the way home from Las Vegas. Not much on ambiance, but the food here is absolutely terrific! Just go with the daily special.
First time I came the girl wasn't very pleasant bit did a good job.  Second time here I had Kai & she was beyond amazing!  I changed me mind on colors & without a problem she did what I asked.  Most definitely coming back with her.  She did amazing!
Over cooked $58 ribeye. Second one tasted salty and charred. Temp was good but no efforts to correct. For that much money, it's a shame. Will do my best to divert people from coming here.
They have closed their doors permanently, says a sign in the front door.  We were disappointed not to get to try the food here.
VERY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE! Not only did the manager and clerk ignore that my party was even there waiting - the manager was basically cussing out his clerk right in front of us. We left without purchasing. SO RUDE!
I only went here for live jazz, although the music was great, the place isn't really setup with the best acoustic.  The food was average, the neighborhood a little dicey.
They may offer quantity... But not quality. Not worth the money.
I would have to say that this will be the only place I would go to to get anything shipped out or any of my computer repairs. Tae is always a great help when I bring anything in. Store is very neat and clean and all staff are very friendly. I will be seeing them again shortly.
Place was out of Duck at 7pm on a Tuesday. Rest of food was mediocre including BBQ pork ribs and fried rice. Vegetables were good. My friend got sick after his meal. Definitely disappointed after reading other reviews.
Awesome! I'm here for business and planned on trying someplace new every day...I had Thai House for lunch and I'm tempted to go back for dinner.\n\nShrimp & chicken pad Thai, level 3 spiciness add pineapples! Service was quick. Food flavor robust.
Pho chay is great. So are vermicelli bowls. It's not just for vegetarians. The hours seem to be getting weird, but business says sharp. Good service. Good location.
Great little place. Great service. Inexpensive. Great food. Even delivers. Mine & my husbands new favorite little find.
Old, not renovated, the pool is terrible, not up to date at all. Probably the worst hotel on the strip.
tried goi guon and ph\u00f4 today.\napparently all the prices and foods is more valuable in chinatown. i would say go to pho bang ny
Terrible. They came out and tried to scam us on parts that worked already. Don't let touch your ac!!
A wonderful experience as usual.  The only hiccup was when a bartender was rude to us, but the a manager (Matthew) swooped in and made sure we were completely happy!  We love the Phoenician!
The price is good, love the sweet banana~(I'm not sure about the name of the dish)
Always enjoy the Venetian. Very spacious room and good amenities. Was just there for a conference and enjoyed the stay. Plus, they have the new Palazzo tower and shops which seemed very nice. Bonus - the new Wizard of Oz machine... Seems to pay out very well - particularly the machine just on the edge next to the elevators. Good luck!
Extremely over-priced!  I was quoted over $600 for a particular repair.  I took the vehicle down the road to Farm-n-Fleet and got the same repair done for $315.
Excellent transportation for our family as we moved our daughter into the dorms at ASU. We made stops at Bed, Bath & Beyond and Target. Friendly and reliable. Thanks! All the way from Wisconsin.
I hadn't had a donut in years because it was just disappointment after disappointment and I just stopped wanting them. \n\nI had a random donut craving today and went here. The donuts I got were PERFECT. Light, fresh, airy and delicious. Plus, so cheap.
Terrible service every time I've been forced to meet people there and I've gotten sick twice from eating the food. If you're cool with that, the place looks cool.
Been here three times now. Burgers and sushi aren't bad, good at best. Paying for the atmosphere and location not the quality of food.
Update:  the owner did reach out to try and offer me a better experience, which I think says something positive about the business. But honestly, I can't bring myself to go back, my experience the first time was that awful. Just thought I'd share, maybe service will improve?
Very helpful when seeking info on the proper ink for my old printer thank you again
Food is good, speed is good when there are few people in the restaurant and drive-thru, staff is moderately friendly. Most of the tables looked clean.
I love this place, the breakfast burros are the best I have ever had.   For lunch, there is a broad selection which should please everyone in the group.  My kids always want to stop here when we drive to Phoenix or San Diego, it is always worth a stop.  The cookies are awesome too1
Sitting in the restaurant a you will wait 30-45 min for an order if the place is empty cannot imagine when this place is full, although 3 times here and it's always sparse. Only recommend coming here on Sunday for 1/2 price growlers and leave. Rest of the place is bottom of the ladder.
Our family have been patients of Dr. DeSimone's for almost 20 years. She is thorough, knowledgeable and patient. (I have challenging eyes!)  We recommend her to everyone!
I love Bike Source because they're open on Sundays!  And their team did a great job fixing my gear shifters in less than an hour even though they looked pretty busy.  If I ever trash my ride or need an upgrade, this is where I'm throwing my hard earned money because they work hard too.
I came here a few months ago and the pedicure was 1 hour long. Amazing massage. This time from the time I sat down to the time I left 23minutes. I paid for the 33 dollar pedicure and I received a total of 4 minutes of massage including the scrub. WORST
We went to the Dive Bar last night to play. The place lives up to it name. The Bartenders are great, quick to serve and poor strong. The sound is good both on stage and off. If we get invited back I'll play there again.
Their Dim Sum has no chicken dishes.  only pork, beef, and shrimp.  The food is very very oily, even if you order off the menu.  The tastes are uninspiring.  They are catered to the American palate, and those used to authentic chinese will be left wanting.  I would skip it altogether.
Best BBQ in all of Phoenix!
Wouldn't stay if we weren't in such a hurry. Give up the prime retail space if you don't really want to work. FYI: real Parisians are not bitches so stop trying to act the part.
Great Mexican food, Sonora style with there own variations.
We had an outstanding meal here. The food was fresh and delicious and beautifully presented.
The best seafood in Vegas! Off the strip in the Green Valley District..every time we go there we Love our service & food. Fresh fish & tasty salads..not to mention there endless bread .. Never had a bad experience at Kings Fish House. Try the N'Orleans Shrimp in the picture~  Yummy!!
Good pizza.  Totally decent.  Not amazing, but solidly good.  They don't deliver, but it's good enough to get in the car for.
Great food, and service! Chicken pesto flatbread is amazing! Mac & cheese - wow!
Best burgers on the strip
Bad experience with this place when coming with my husband. We were told to shut up in Chinese more than once. Staff is rude and I won't be back.
Tasty Americana - \"Everything On It\"   -  Oh, they mean business - I'll be back
I have eaten at several Panda Express locations in both Nevada and California. This Panda Express has a very limited selection and the food is luke warm at best. They never had tofu or eggplant and the restaurant was cluttered and disorganized. The service was mediocre. High prices too.
Too bad!!! So fucking baseness\uff01we booking this hotel a room, the first price is $148, when we check out they deduction\n$211\uff01\uff01 they didn't  tell you, if we do not check our bank account, we did not know !
Worast services ever... Had to walk away after waiting for 20 mins and 2 complains. Talking to manager was nothing but useless... They do not even care about customer review.
This place is in a great location. I had dinner there a few weeks ago before movies with the girls.  The restaurant was decorated very nice, but the service was better than the food. I though the prices were okay for the location it was in, but then the food came out and it was not so great. I expected better.
Great pizza. If you're sick of those $5 pizza joints, this place has great flavor, a reasonable price and awesome service. Two thumbs way UP! \n\nHungry? Get the Jumbo and watch your mouth drop. \n\nRobert Pfeifer
Enjoyed The Fig Tree for valentines Day with 2 other couples. Food was very good, service was outstanding.  Server was very knowledgable about both food and wine. Atmosphere is quiet and cozy. Can't wait to return
I love the garden and flowers in this hotel.  They are just beautiful!  Every time I come to Las Vegas, I am always excited to see the floral display.  This time, I took my children to see the flowers and they were both amazed with how beautiful it looked.
I like chinese food. Why is it that I can't like this place?
Pizza is good.  Amazing Garlic Bread,  Little pricey.  Nice spot within walking distance from my pad.  Plan on going here again.
This place is really good, I like their house Fried rice and its big portion size.  Oh they have the most awesome fried dumpling, my mouth is drooling just thinking about it. I normally order there at least 2 to 3 time a month sometime to go or eat in.
Totally worth it! They said it would be 2.5-3 hours - at 3 hours,when the place was closing, I still had much of one floor left to see. Very very immersive and very well done.
Well above average.
Not recommended.  For only a couple bucks more I could have gotten into a much better hotel on the Strip. Regret the buy and won't make the mistake again.
I went to eat at this place when I was in town- the traditional menu is incredible.  The place is small, but man the food is AMAZING!!!!!
Really substandard quality in here.  Having eaten in many restaurants in Vegas, I felt I got cheated by coming here.  Service was friendly, but the food was not the star.
Worth every penny, very good.  There is a wide selection of international food.......let me mention the dessert bar was extensive and quite impressive. two thumbs UP.
Cashier is rude as fuck. And gross as shit, wiping her nose with her sleeve while I'm ordering. I feel unclean as hell eating this shit right now.
Delicious food and great service. The owner is very proud about his food which you can tell by the delivery. I hesitate getting chicken skewers because they tend to be dry, but these were nice an juicy. Everything is made to order and fresh. Also loved the appetizer platter and the dill rice
Excellent crepes, the bakery next store is fantastic !  Love the chicken and sun dried tomatoes.
Silver state Schools Credit Union used to function like a community bank. No longer. Now they use every trick the big banks use to squeeze fees and money out of their \"customer\" who they treat as suckers.
Mashed potatoes were good, Cajun shrimp was alright. Didn't like how they popped in your mouth every bite. I think they steam cook them. Didn't get any Forest Gump movie trivia from my server as promised by the hostess. Don't believe the hype, skip this place.
Food and service mediocre.
Franchement, on m'en avait dis que du bien, c'\u00e9tait plut\u00f4t moyen au final...
We don't have a QDoba near by so this is the closest I can get to that. It's good, but more expensive than QDoba.
This store is good for girlie needs. Cute glasses, napkins, and gifts. Also you can make your own lotion scents. Pretty cool and unique. As a tourist I just wanted to AZ gear. Not much to choose from. Customer service was good. Helpful.
I made the mistake of stopping by  on and ordering a pizza there.  It took like 30 minutes(which is to be expected).  I ordered a Sausage and Pepperoni pizza\n\nThat being said, I was generally impressed by the pizza I got  I'm probably going to go back a second time
Loved the caesar salad and the potato leek soup.  \n\nThe atmosphere is awesome - very calm and relaxing.  Lots of umbrellas so you should be able to hide from the sun while being seated outdoors :)
Favorite starving student food!\nCheap as heaven, tasty as hell.\nI'd recommend the sandwiches and also getting a bakers dozen.\n\nThe onion bagel is the best.
California Burrito keeps me coming back. not every dish is made the same way every time but it is always good. Would be 5 stars but sometimes service is inexplicably slow. \n\nplease add chorizo hash to menu!
Still never heard back from the President of this company.  Gutless S.O.B.  I always wonder how someone like him can become a CEO.
Employees are always personal, helpful & accommodating here. Lines can get pretty crazy but they do move fairly quickly, considering. Also, people please have all your shit ready. It makes it a lot easier for everyone else.
HMMM. Very Different and I LOVED its good for dogs good for people! Bar tenders are super friendly I love my dogs and they loved the DOG BAR. Great way to meet new people if your new in the area.... If your not a  dog lover don't go its that simple.
Always a good experience at this place.I hope my hubby surprises me this year again and we end up at Mastro's having strawberries and that home made cream
OMG this is the best jamba juice in town, they make their smoothies nice and thick, not all watery like most jambas do they make it just right, I'm addicted to jamba  juice all over again =D the staff is nice and I just love it. Probably be back tomorrow, if I have time.
Above and beyond great customer service and a great place to stay!! Although we been offered a complimentary room stay, we they treated us as 5 star guests and offered us water while waiting and free meals. There's no other places on the strip will Do that...will definitely recommend friends and family to stay here again.
Friendly service and excellent Korean food. We would visit again.
There is a Subway in the Fry's shopping center nearby that is better. The bread here was still soggy, even after toasting.
ok food.nice selction and variety of choices.
i love animals... they taste good. so whenever i feel like hunting, i go here. great selection and it helps me stay in touch with my red neck roots.
It was OK. Very loud and the food was decent but not worth the hype.
meh, not bad, but I expected better. Bellagio is much better in my opinion.
Beautiful custom designs!   She uses great vibrant colors!  She makes the event very fun!  You can tell she loves to make others happy!   Would be great for any party, company picnic or other event!
This place was recommended by a soon to be non-friend. \n\nPortions were small, prices were big, taste was average, server was uninterested borderline annoyed, nothing to write home about. I won't be back. Nuf said!
The staff here was so helpful to me with my divorce. I highly recommend them for any of your legal needs.
Worst DQ ever.  Grill was down and could not make hot food.  Ordered two blizzards  and took forever  to make.  Old and dirty.....needs to be shutdown.  Cannot wait until Freddy's comes out here.
Terrible, terrible service, ....hey.. Thanks Beth!! I'm not coming back. There are too many good restaurants in this area to put up with poor service and management that is to arrogant to make sure their dinners enjoy their meal and evening,.
Everything I've had here is good, but not great. Good thing is that's it's open 24hrs. I recommend the chicken n waffle for a 4th meal.
Will not return.  Food was lacking in flavor, as well as being brought to the table in a haphazard way.
New Mexican food. With all do respect, not for me. I like real Mexican food. The food here is bland. We went on a Saturday night with the kids and did not like the environment. Too many drunks. Staff was nice! First and last for me.
INCOMPETENT children including supervision are employed here.  Do not come here for anything related to car audio systems, you will waste your time.  \n          I had an appointement to have a radio installed for over a week.  I was assured that the installation would not have any issues
This is by far my favorite place to get coffee ever. If you are a student, or maybe a recent graduate in need of Internet this is the place to go. Grab a coffee and grab a seat inside or outside and enjoy using the Internet as long as you like. NO TIME LIMIT!
Food was good but not great. Service was adequate but not what I would expect for that price and location. Probably wouldn't go back
The 8 course omikase good for 2 for $98 was so worth it !! Everything was delicious and the servings were more than we expected ! Love the modern concept and service
Used to be great.  Took the good stuff off the menu.... No asiago and beer bread, fish and chips changed to cod vs. Salmon.  Oh well, just will quit going.
i'm used to the chattanooga, baltimore, and georgia aquarium-this was so not even close. the giant spider crabs were cool but other than that, i was glad we had a coupon....
Had a great breakfast here one Saturday morning. Had an excellent omelette and another in my group tried the pancakes. I tasted them and thought them to be great too. The service was efficient and courteous despite the place being very busy that morning. I would definitely recommend this place for a nice classic breakfast.
One Word.  \"Roaches\"\nBig F'en Roaches. \nCan I give less then one star?
Been one of my favorite spots since high school best chicken fingers in Vegas, the burger are great as well I love the HUT
Tony, was kind enough to agree to negotiate a settlement on a future repair to make me satisfied with the previous component failure.  They try to do everything to make it right.
It took me a couple of tries to get used to it but now I am hooked! JJ's is a fantastic alternative to Subway. I give it 4 stars --with the realization it is fast food. Great, tasty, quick sandwich!
New go to car wash for me as well.  Super friendly service and convenient weekday hours.  For a little extra, the staff was nice enough to vacuum the car for me and wipe down my leather seats.  My car is spotless now and for a price I was more than comfortable paying.
Food is just OK and not worth the price. The salad comes with smoked Gouda and they charged me 1.99 because I asked for it on the side. Server was horrible.
Was here for the Penn and Teller show. The Rio seemed outdated and smelled like stale cigarettes.
super chill vibe, friendly staff, cool decore. Wish I found this place sooner as I was staying across the street.  look it up.
Such a great show! I was laughing the entire time. So funny! Loved it.
One of the best shopping malls in las vegas, besides various gift shops at hotels on the strip. they have almost every name brand except AF :( but if you're gonna shop in vegas come here. the food court is huge and theres outdoor seating but if you're a big spender try the palazzo.
I'm so glad Pittsburgh finally has ride share. I've been using Lyft since day 1. They are reliable and affordable. The same can't be said for Yellow Cab. Love that every time I request a ride there are plenty of Lyft drivers available.
I've been coming here for years, and still love it. Great reasonably priced and fresh sushi, awesome sake menu for those who appreciate a good Japanese sake with your meal. It's also a plus to see the owners every time I go to the place and they are always so friendly and welcoming. Tempura ice cream is delish.
Whats not to love, I visit Flemings often usually on a Friday or Saturday evening with the wife and the service is always impeccable as is the food.
Definitely not the fastest or best service I've gotten at a USPS location, but it is convenient.
I will echo the comments of everyone else. This was a pretty cool statue in the middle of an industrial park, although it technically is a fountain. I wouldn't go out of my way to see it but if you are in the area it's worth the stop.
It's a great place. Try the Loki. Mmmmmm. Price is right. You will love it.
Great chicken fingers. Really nice people. Relaxed atmosphere. High quality food. :)
This is my favorite steak house in Madison.  I know it's a chain, but the quality for the price is excellent.  I probably come 3 times a month.  I love the Ceasar salad, and 6oz sirloin steak.  Tornado has better quality steak, but this is just a good deal for the quality IMO.
nice casino. bad service. i tried to get drink at the bar and they ignored me for several minutes. eventually i just walked away.
Great deal for the money with the Yelp! deal for $10.  Pizza was good... NY style is not my favorite but I can recognize when something is good!
\"Euro trash, huh?  How's that workin out for ya?\"\n-Moe Syzlak\n\nThis place blows.
Small magarita for $14, small glass of wine. Food was good, but wouldn't go back.
An excellent little place to have a picnic lunch!  Prices are a bit high, but the atmosphere and use of local products for the food is great!  We will be back.
Very limited menu. Food was good and service was great. They are only open for dinner. Everything is also al a carte. The prices are a bit high too. There are other places in town that I will go for Filipino food.
Quick service, great scheduling, and amazing prices! I had a broken key in my deadbolt and managed to have scheduled, fixed, and paid for in a matter of hours and on my schedule.
Wait was long... service was bad ( aside from one bus boy).  Food???  Not worth the price you pay for.
Looks like they re-arranged behind the bar. Now all of the bottles are compressed into one small section, and appear to be a little more full. Now, they other half is populated with many, many, many jars of peanuts.
Food is stale and bland. You get a nice mouth full of byproduct aka meat/chicken with each bite. Service is slow.
Felt like a college bar.. Nothing special at all.. save your time....
Super Fast, about a 15 minute wait for a walk in. Great tech, pain free blood work.
4 cars in front of us.. Been waiting for 15 min.. now I don't blame the cooks or customer service as they were very courteous but the AWFUL management that understaff  this locations ... seriously some leads needs to be replace there..
Not that any SBUX is worth going out of your way for, but this one is worth skipping. The service I've experienced each time I've been is pretty dang poor and the drinks always seem quite cold.
LOVE LOVE this place. Pizza and wings are epic. I drive 50 miles round trip to go to Anzio's and it is with it every-time
Looking for italian restaurant? This is the place to go. Great view and place. Servers offer you variety of pasta to chose from and wine, great choices. If you are looking for a first romantic dinner date, this is the place. Great staffs too and very friendly.
Pretty good place to get a haircut.
The drive thru staff is always so sweet and friendly.  This place makes a for a great start to my day.  To me, this dunkin is beautiful.  Best coffee in all the land.
It is hot over here,make sure you bring own AC . I think they never turn on the AC ,even they already had one . Maybe it is for display only never seen that work.
This restaurant used to be really good, but the quality and service has slipped over time. Have been dissapointed the last three times I've gone there. Further, our last server badmouthed another local restaurant - low class.
Needs help. Several visits cause its close. Always getting screwed in the drive thru
it was my first time there but the rice kamiche was good love the place and energy\nhappy people will definitely go back and try other food on the menu. Keep up the good work.
Just had lunch here.  Tremendous value for delicious food.  Chicken burrito for $3 -- huge, filling and tasty.  Fast, friendly service, too.
Great customer service.
Came here for late night eats and drinks - yum!  Service was great and our food was yummy.
Sadly the place closed. I wish the new owners werent allowed to keep the name. Its was the never same with the new owners.
Horrible service place. Our waitress walked right past us. No word.    We watched as she asked other people what they wanted.  Really.  No silverware. No napkins.
Rito's! U guys rock! U like Mexican food? Then this is the authentic place in Phoenix that you will come back to over and over again. Now if they just had a shaded seating area with misters it would be a 5 star rating in my book.
been going here for many years.  seems a bit hit or miss with what they have in stock that morning/afternoon, and the quality, but it's always eatable :)\n\nMy favorite is the Devil Dogs and the Rainbow Cookies!!!
Loved this place. We got take out and when we got home and ate dinner the pizza was still piping hot!  Their pizza is so authentic and delicious  I love it. Plan on making this my go to pizza stop!
I didn't like it. Yes it was cheap but the massage style was too rough for me. I prefer the Swedish from massage envy. Save your money and treat yourself right.
Food is amazing, service on the other hand is terrible. Our waiter Steven was extremely rude. Maybe we were just unlucky...
Great service!! On time, courteous and friendly driver and beautiful vehicle ! Will definitely use again .
I went to waldos a few weeks ago.  I am not a huge fan of bbq.  I had ribs and split it in half, as well as sweet potatoe fries and beans.  Everything was cooked perfectly, and the staff was super friendly.  I would much rather come here than most commercial bbq joints.
Sauce is good. The pizza is always reliable and the service has always been good as well. We don't go for dinner, its only for lunch for us. Chicken Caesar Pizza is good with nice big shaved pieces of parmesan. The pine nut salad is tasty.
Oh my god.. Such a wonderful place.. With tons of options and great service our family went home happy :).\nUsually we find it tough to find a place with both veg and non veg options plus kids options. This one fit perfectly for everyone.
For a place that prides themselves on unique wine, that doesn't make up for the horrible service and complete lack of attention from the bartenders. Very disappointing.
Ordered within 2 mins of arriving, food arrived within 5 mins, and boy was it TASTY! Best Pho in Vegas for sure!! Was in and out in 25 mins, so it was super efficient too!\n\nWe come here every time we come to Vegas
They had the worst personal pizza ever. This place is a straight rip off, you're better just going to grand lux and have a decent, nice meal than this place while spending just $3-5 extra.
They Do accept Credit Cards and Debit!!\nWould be 5 stars but $$$. 6/main item ie burrito, quesadilla, each dish etc.
Great food and friendly staff! Don't miss karaoke on Tuesday's, it's the BEST!
very packed.\nthe pho is mediocre.\nand pricey for what it is.\n\ntheir eggroll isn't that great either. but the fish sauce is pretty good.
Great times and food. \n\nShout out to the best bartender and hostess in Las Vegas!!! \n\nSliders were good and service was attentive and no issues with any of our orders.
Went to Schwartz last Friday. Staff is as funny and entertaining as ever.
ok food but most of it is frozen or canned and the ribs gave me the shits.
Came in for the cronuts. Dont expect the real thing here but a good substitute. Location is literally behind a 7-11 store across UNLV, not the prettiest place so come in the daytime. For sure.
Ordered a blizzard at the drive thru. They put lids in everything at this location and put the entire order in a bag, so you don't see your ice cream until you have left the window. My blizzard was underfilled, and runny, and not what I ordered.
Review is for the Garden Bar.\n\nWe stopped by for a beer and a Lemon Drop. Mmm, nicely made!  Great view of the tropical garden area too!  Very relaxing!
Well a Bone In Ribeye for $144.... Not acceptable in my book. I own a very busy restaurant and I would not dare to charge this price. The quality was good but nothing to justify the price. Sorry we will not return.
This place is the best.  The customer service is fantastic, the quality is terrific, and the prices reasonable.  If you need meat there is no better place in the area.  We do not buy much meat but when we do it is only from Old Time Meat and Deli!
Fast friendly service and good sandwiches. This is a neighborhood staple that deserves your business.
The pork is awesome.
My boyfriend likes the split screen TV at the bar otherwise we wouldn't come here. Service is always bad, but I'm hesitant on writing terrible reviews.  Today however, all 3 bartenders had never heard of Campari.  I'm still not sure if they have it, but most bartenders at the very least have heard about it.
This place is fun if you have little kids with you but you'll be seriously disappointed if you've come here for the food.  And if you don't have any kids w/ you...just go to Nora's.  It costs less and the food is awesome there.
Had the Cuban sandwich. Not what I expected for a Cuban. I will need to try something else.
Ok.  My first impression is artsy and we don't give a $&@t.  I'm told the kitchen is now no longer serving due to a small party in the other room!  This place is crap.
Constantly trying Hawaiian places in the valley but the options and Katsu here is simply the best I've had. Sad they aren't more centrally located. Also, the atmosphere is great with contemporary island music playing, sit down take your time and enjoy your meal.
Sale,  vieux, moche, une queue de 50 m\u00e8tres pour faire le checkout, bruyant,  une tr\u00e8s mauvaise affaire m\u00eame pour Las Vegas
Stopped by for a coffee and I felt as if I was intruding even though the place was empty. Not one word was uttered by the proprietor and was totally unfriendly. I guess you have to be a local to get a hi. Coffee was mediocre at best.
Sexy everything..... Make sure to reserve a Lily Pad!!!!!
Had lunch here with a friend. Service and food was very good.  Sesame chicken, fried rice and vegetables, Took extras home and enjoyed the next day. Enjoyed the patio dining area.
This is by far the worst Buffalo Wild Wings in Las Vegas. They have no problem bringing your bill but they have a problem with costumer request.
The leather conditioner they used on my seats was rancid!!! It was sticky and left my car smelling like a nasty deep-drier.. Booooooo!!
What a fun trip down memory lane! I loved seeing some of the old pinball machines (and a TRON video game! Holy crap!), and letting my kids experience such a large chunk of my childhood. Everyone should go here and visit at least once.
Service and food choices in the bar were great.  Last time on the patio the food was not the best.  Service was very slow and server was rude.  If I can't eat at the bar I probably wont eat there again.
Always. Great atmosphere and view. Best baked Pizzas around.
Are you kidding me? I've enjoyed frozen dinners better than Applebee's. Oh, but Applebee's is frozen food , right? When you are familiar with fresh food , this is not for you.
I've used Clean Air Cab at least half a dozen times. They are always on time, usually 5-10 minutes early. The drivers have been very professional. Definitely recommend.
Decided to update this review simply because this place is fantastic. The food is always amazing and more importantly, it's very consistent! We go here every time we drive through Fountain hills
Wow! I wanted one of everything! Amazing dresses and the shoes...oh the shoes and accessories.
Had the jerk chicken for $16.99. What a pitiful yardbird that was, extremely dry and then the green beans that went with it were not even cooked!! Margaritas defiantly helped me choke down my dinner and sleep a little better too :)
Yea, they told me my fuel filter needs to get changed. So i agreed to go ahead and change it. A week later my engine light goes off and smells like gas while driving. I took it to my dealership and they said its an o ring on my fuel filter. So never again will i go to this place.
Been eating here for years. Service and prices cannot be beat. I will continue eating here every chance I get until I leave Vegas.
I am a regular here, and not because they do a good job either. I hate this place today. It's very slow so almost no staff. So my car has been setting for 10 minutes now with nobody in line.
Food was very tasty and portions were great if you were hungry. The menu was extremely long and involved. Accommodated our group of 20 people wonderfully. Restaurant is fairly small. Staff were attentive and polite. I would go again!
Love this place.  Small pool and just one bar in the back but the venue itself, DJs and service all tops.  Like everything in Vegas you get what you pay for.  \n\nI recommend Cabana 132.  Cabanas can accommodate 15 and comes with a safe, tv, AC, X-box also you can get massages
Went to try the drinks at happy hour. They were just OK. Too many to choose from. Somewhat gimmicky.
YUM. Chicken avocado club. My favorite. \nGreat fries and great sweet potato fries. \nHusband likes their salads.
Good buffet at a fair price.
Very good gel nails. Very clean & fantastic massage chairs (VERY comfortable!!!). A good spot in Las Vegas whether your visiting or a local!  VERY pricy though which was REALLY dissapointing.
I love the Golden Nugget it's the comfort of downtown with the elegance  of the strip.We are always treated very well there.Went to the spa twice and was very pleased with the services I received there. And our favorite dealer in the casino is Bicky (she was very sweet)
PF Changs stinks. Lousy food, lousy drinks, lousy service.
First time staying here and it seems a bit dingy and not well kept here. TV channels were pixelated because of overload in the network. Not the greatest but again I was expecting anything relatively close to a 5 star quality services here.
I love this trashy little taco stand! Carne asada with beans and rice! Oh yeah!
I want to commend the manager for adressing a little problem we had last night with an order we called in.He handled the problem professionally and resolved the issue .\nVery good PR!!!
I love raising canes there chicken fingers & sweet tea are delicious & I was so happy when they were building this location because it is only about 5-10 minutes away from my house but the past 5 times I have come they have messed up my order! Get it together Canes!
I love this restaurant, food is delicious. I love bringing fam here when they visit. Very delicious food
Great place to get your drink on! This bar has that dark musty smell that goes perfect with a beer. Didn't try any food, not that I wouldn't trust it, just didn't have space in the belly with all that beer. I will definitely go back next time I am thirsty in Tempe.
When I needed beauty products or was just in the mood to shop I would pop in here before or after Walmart to look around.  They always have good sale items and the clerks  are very nice and helpful!
Was fortunate enough to enjoy another meal at this place. Manhattans still awesome as are the oysters and the service at the bar. I do have to deduct one star because the server called me Sir, and although the Zombie Hunter is a bad ass, she is still a female and it pissed me off....
This is my new go-to location to get my eyebrows threaded! Love this location and the amazing customer service \n\nThe ladies here are so nice and accommodating. If you are in this area I would definitely recommend this shop!
Horrible!!! Waited over an hour just to check in.The forgot my wake-up call, the staff was rude. Would NOT recommend.
Great show! I never watched ABDC, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Good music, good choreography, great visual effects.
Just forget the Spanish tapas here, they are a huge disappointment.\nNot at all the sophisticated tiny dishes you expect.\nEmpanadas = Tapas?\nThe Asian food is more interesting but you might be better going to a core ethnic restaurant.
Update: Tara is a very good therapist. I join their membership now because of Tara.\nDownside: Tara is pretty popular so it's hard to get an appointment with her.
had my Toyota truck' s water pump, transmission and radiator replaced last summer by this shop. thought the water pump might of been leaking and even though the wAIT was over 2 Hours long the new shop manager seem too perform all necessary tests to make sure it wasn't. so fAR SO GOOD.
I've been coming to Rainbow for years.  They do a good job cleaning my stuff, and they are reasonably priced.  The staff is friendly and I've never had a problem getting any issues I have resolved with them.
Go in October so you can get the Pumpkin Porter! Also, they have the best french fries in all of Phoenix. Filling up a growler is just $10.... do it!
Ok in general, but the service at the coffee place is less than acceptable.
In and Out it's okay bc that's what you guys have out here but the fries suck and if you have ever had five guys on the east coast you will understand their burgers are the greatest... Compared to 5 Guys!
Really good cantonese style chinese food.  If your total is over $35 they give you a dish for free and soup too.  So come and eat a family style and check out some authentic chinese food.  I would recommend coming when it's not too busy because service can be undermanned at times.
The food was fair at best. The variety of dishes left a lot to be desired.  The sushi was mediocre, it's better at Fry's.  The restrooms were unpleasant, my 6 year old was afraid to use the bathroom.  It was not worth driving over from Surprise.
Our hotel stay included 2 free drink vouchers so I decided to spot in for a quick drink. This was NOT a quick stop. The drinks were strong, but the waitress rude and unapologetic. \n\nAnytime I get a free drink I plan to tip generously, not this time.
Seems like a nice theatre. Went to watch Godzilla on IMAX but for some reason I felt that the screen is smaller than the one in Hollywood. Maybe because the amount of seating was similar to that of a regular theatre.
awesome, just awesome. great value. great hours. the white pizza is so damn good.
Didn't love it and wont be back. I went for ramen but there was no ramen I was tired so I got teraki and rice. I could have had better flavor with an Hawaiian plate. If your looking for Chinese food may I suggest something else, even Panda express.
The wait was less than 5 minutes. I love Coco's food never disappoints me.  Tried country fried steak first time some 10 years ago and its still good!\nI ordered the corn beef hash skillet served with toast and fruits. Orange juice and left a happy customer. Near the strip lots of parking available!
OK  Our friends like it, but its not such a big deal. There are a dozen Asada tacos within 5 miles as good or better, including Ranch Market for 1/3 price. Good Guacamole
Great food and delicious margaritas, but drinks are expensive! Food was reasonably priced, but margaritas at $9 each and $35 for a pitcher. They're good, not that good though. Service was fantastic and I'll go back for sure, maybe just head somewhere else for drinks afterwards.
The three stars is generous. We had a huge move with a semi and a half from N Scottsdale to Phoenix. Very nice heavy furniture! They were late, slow, and we're hard on things. They did not bring enough help either so the move took from 9am until midnight. The supervisor was amazing. I would not use them again.
Awesome food and great service. Healthy too!
Very nice restaurant. The food is great and the staff is helpful. It's almost as good as my moms cooking.
Took the kids (4) on a Sunday. Got a meal for under $30 bucks. 2 pizzas. Wings garlic bread and drinks.  Great Value.
Great experience at this spot. I happen to go during Happy hour and really enjoyed all the food I ordered. Food is fresh and the service was great.
I like this place a lot!   They have a free nacho bar and the chips are great!   Affordable food and great staff!   My only complaint is with the small bar.  There needs to be a service area so people aren't constantly reaching over you to order their cocktails!  Great Casual Go To Place In Southpark!
Insane. Great show, and we had second row! So many fantastical water stunts! Don't miss it.
Okay place to eat. I can only eat rice plate or the appetizer one. The others have no taste at all. I don't like the noodle. No flavor when I sip the soup. Rice recommend. Anything else please continue to look.
Food not so good.\nDrinks weak.\nPrices sky high.\nService really sucks.\n\nbleh.
Music way too loud. Cannot have conversation without almost yelling
LOVE this place!!!!  Sought it out for lunch last Saturday at the recommendation of a co-worker.  The character was amazing, the food was creative and tasty. I actually loved the appropriate portions. The customer service and friendly staff made this an amazing experience.  I will be back often.
The Fried Chicken was really dry, but it was also delivered to me in Scottsdale, so possibly it sat too long.  The vegetables with it had zero seasoning and half were fresh, the green beans were canned.
Came here late at night to satisfy my pizza cravings. They have an option for take out and different types and sizes. I had the margarita pizza which was delicious. Service was quick and they were friendly, I'd go here again.
Great place to take kids who love trains. We moved to Las Vegas in August and have been twice. The train ride is short but my 4 year old son loves loves loves it. The second time we went was for the Halloween train. It was a great experience both times and everyone is extremely friendly. We look forward to going back for the Christmas Train.
Winning!  \nHeavy D (imperial Devils Ale) & The Sonoran Dog together is simply Heaven!\nLOCAL BREW, Great Food & a Great Atmosphere combine to make one hell of an experience.  Did I mention that its in a really cool part of town as well?  YOU MUST GO!
Nothing fancy, not worth the wait. The beef was okay, have had better. Typical Food, so so place
sigh
Update: Once the baskets were finally delivered 3 days later than specified, my niece and nephew were greeted with a basket of completely melted candy. Even though they refused to deliver on a Saturday it did not stop them from keeping it on the truck over the weekend. Not so happy easter!
Indian buffet has always been a noun combination I could get behind.  Or into my belly.  And then I did!  For ten bucks I consumed heartily a fine assortment of deliciousness.  I wish I had more to say, but really, I enjoyed everything I popped on and in!
The Place: Hip Decor\nThe Service: Not So Great\nThe Food: Blah\n\nBetween the Food & Service... I'd have to say PASS!!!
My sister and I love this place.  The foie gras and the mashed potatoes were to die for.  It was worth every penny we spent there.
This place Phokin stinks... Bad odor in the restaurant.  Service is bad! Staff makes you feel  pressured to get out. Food was not great... I'll  never  come back
Beautiful, clean room. Rooms are not insulated very well. Everything looks modern. I would stay here again.
Best breakfast in town as far as I'm concerned! I try to get something different every time and have never been disappointed! Macadamia coconut pancakes.......
Food was horrible, very bland with no taste and way overpriced.  I got the burger and it was one of the worst ones I have ever had.  I really wish I took a picture to show how bad it looked.  Also beware as they don't server soda.   I would not recommend this place to anyone.
It would help if the place was actually open.\nThe building is empty so either they've moved or it's closed.
Very dated rooms and decor also Friday night clientele is rather sleazy, it is right next to Tequila Willys that should say it all
\"We don't have crispy chicken because we are closing in two hours.\" OMG hahahaha. This crew needs serious re-training. No wonder they have 1.5 stars.
there out of business
Moved furniture from storage facility to new home. Date of move they arrived on time, and were very efficient in loading and unloading our items.\nWill hire them for future moves and recommend to friends.
Would be a 4-5 star for a sandwich shop if they could have more people taking orders. Really 45 mins just to put an order in. Even tried calling in our order and still had to stand in line...
Honest and fair.  Took in my car without an appointment and completed the service within the promised time.  As a guy who does most of his own car repairs, I know that I can trust them.  I knew the problem before heading in and they gave the same diagnosis.
These girls put on a fabulous show! They should be the ideal of what a young woman's sex appeal should stand for. Phenomenal performance!
Went for the buffet it was ok will go back if in the area.
If you're looking for a lot of good food and a place that will take care of you, go here. We had a group of 12 and they  accommodated us without a hitch.
disgusting food.  No condiments.  Terrible service. Nobody speaks English or French here.  It's supposed to be Italian but no Italian food on menu..........gigantic expensive hamburgers
I had the red velvet pancakes and it wasn't bad in quality but extremely overpriced. What is it, dipped in gold cream cheese?
I enjoyed the house brewed coffee!  The servers are very slow and they seemed to visit with each other way to !
Love! Love! Love working with Lauren! She is a true makeup magician! Her attention to detail is unbelievable. Thank you Lauren for making the world more beautiful one face at a time!
I just had the most delicious hamburger I've ever had.  It was the black angus burger with blue cheese and bacon.  Everything was perfect.  I'm not one to write glowing reviews on just anything but this definately deserves it.
Steak and Sushi were VERY good. Portions are on the smaller side, a relief for Vegas. Great wine by the glass list.
Great food, great service, friendly and attentive staff, huge selection of AYCE, pleasant ambience, fair price.  Not much else to ask for.
Small sandwiches are always big enough for two. Nice location but the eat-in scenery is not cozy, but seems small.  I only get take-out from here.
this place is good but i think its over hyped...
The workers were extremely friendly and the bagels were amazing. All you can drink coffee?YES! I wish we had one of these in California and next time I go to Arizona I will make it a top priority to come back.
Not bad the food is good service was on point the view was great. my wife had the\nQuiche My buddy had the Smoked Salmon I had the Steak Sandwich. We each said the same 3 stars
Pho Mailan is a good restaurant with good service. I always get the Summer Rolls and Pho Meatball which both have great flavor. I usually go in on a Sunday evening as they have the football game on a flat screen. Glad there is one near home now. I will definitly be back
A place Gordon Ramsay should visit.
Received an email from Malee's listserv today...this location is NOW CLOSED. Owner says it's due to the economy. Main street location is still open.\n\nMy heart aches.
great place with quality products. i have bout grass seed for my yard and i have done my neighbors and they come out great and thick green
Pricey? YES. The food is AMAZING though. You will most def leave very satisfied. Took my boyfriend here for his birthday & he loved it (: very elegant set up as well!
Love the pizza, the breadsticks with garlic sauce is phenomenal and will always order from them if I want good quality food & excellent service! the buffalo billy boat is also a MUST TRY menu item! it's fantastic! :)
Room amenities suck. Checked in Friday. No blow dryer or Iron, front desk promised to bring one up, never happened. Now Sunday morning and no toilet paper in my room, perfect ending for a 2 night stay. Will not be back.
Food is good not great. Every time I have been here the service is always good but the food is advantage. When there is so many good places to eat in Mount Lebanon right around the corner you forget about this place.
It's hard to find authentic Chinese food but this is close enough. Their seafood soup was good and the salt and pepper shrimp is awesome. Their beef chow fun is legit. \n\nI'm not a fan of AZ Chinese food but it sure beats a 400 mile drive to California.
Nothing special about this place. The food is ok. The service was terrible. They do have a few good beers on tap but nothing so great that I will go back.\n\nAnd now upon reviewing our Amex statement we were over charged for our meal. A very disappointing experience all together!
very friendly and professional! Between wearing heals to work everyday and training for a half marathon my fear of having gross feet in my old age was quickly becoming a reality. The helpful staff has taken amazing care of my problem areas and given me tips to use in between visits. \n\nHieu and his wife are the best!
If you like dark, grimy, awful music and burgers not worth their price come here! Waitress took the change for our bill out of her wallet and it took her 30 minutes to get us our burgers with three tables in the whole place. DO NOT GO HERE!
Had a good experience. I had the hot and sour soup an the mapo tofu. They were great for the price just a bit to oily. Other than that It was ok. Good for the price.
I have walked in several times trying to purchase a $2500 tv. I can never get any questions answered or any help. All the people are rude and non sociable. Today was the third day they missed out on a sale!!!!! Don't ship here if you want costumer service!!!!!
Yuck!  This place needs to blown up and rebuilt.  Cigarette smoke and dirty chairs throughout the casino.  They usually only have one bar open with one bartender so expect to wait in line!  So many nice casino's in the valley, don't bother with the Fort
No working bathrooms. No bueno :(
Here's the low down. Too burnt out to drive to palace station. Never again. It's edible but other than that. Won't recommend. Palace station oyster bar 10. This place 1.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS STORE!!!\nI can ALWAYS count on finding what Im looking for here, yall need to get a website so I can shop online!!!
Best BBQ in the Southeast. The Sides are as good as the BBQ.\n\nI am from Texas and I know good BBQ. You guys are the best in North Carolina.
First time here. Nice atmosphere. Food was tastee, and big size meals. Left really full. The only thing I didn't like was No Free Refills on soda. Otherwise great food!
When they brought my coffee to my table in a styrofoam I thought it was a little strange but when my food came on a paper plate I was a little mad. Other than that the food was ok. Service wasn't too fast but was friendly and prices cheap.
This place has a great vibe. SWANKY- definitely. The menu selection is varied- which I love! So many different options. The prices are good. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
Good food but grossly overpriced. $12 dollars for three duck buns? Madness.
I was lucky enough to have Flowers By Jodi put together the floral for my wedding last weekend. She did an amazing job. Jodi is a character, just hilarious. She heard exactly what I want, and nailed it. Her prices were fair as well.
very nice business they take care of my scoot and very reasonable prices the owner makes me feel a little bad cuz i dont take proper care of my baby but i need that kick in the pants if your interested in the scooter life give them a try
Great view, but drinks are very pricey. $11 for crown & ginger and $8 for OMB copper.
Ghetto subway and they dont even honor \" sub of the month\"will never return.Both employees were rude.
This place is small, but it's good! The food is made fresh and stays warm for a long time. Their spam musubi is my favorite dish. The people are kind as well, always smiling and quick to get your order done.
lies, lies lies.  They claim they can book a resort and will have it done \"next\" week but nothing ever happens.  One Representative will tell you one thing and the next time you call in another will tell you the opposite.  So disappointing.  .
I didn't try the food, so that is the only things holding back another star.  Went there for girls night out and had a blast.  The band was amazing, crowd was fun, staff was attentive.  It was just a great night!  I would recommend.
Too bad their menus were available in French only, at the height of the tourist season in July.  And the staff didn't seem to care.
Nice convention space in a nice hotel, any reason to take a trip to Vegas is a good reason and being at the Mandalay Bay makes it even better.
I never stayed in the hotel here before, but I do like the second floor with the kid games. Its pretty fun and theres a arcade and a macdonalds on the same floor.
Rad Nar (pan fried noodles with Chinese broccoli) is the bomb sooo good, must try at lunch.
Cool combination possibilities however, this place is way over rated and way over priced.  I'd choose a burger from Five Guys or In and out before I would go to this place again.
I agree YCs is the best around. I do not like stir fry paradise because, you can't take it home. Your wasting what you don't eat...dumb! Every time ive gone in there i feel like i am being watched like a hawk by employees. Always bad attitudes. Not a fan..
Nothing that special here, service was okay. Ordered the American Kobe Beef Burger & sweet potato fries, was expecting a bit more!
Ive been coming here for years to get manicures & pedicures. Best place ever,its clean the ladies are nice and friendly. Prices are reasonable and will take appointments or walk ins. Always a great experience coming here. Pedicures are the best in vegas with hot rocks...:)
Pretty good and good price.  I'm not a buffet person, so I didn't eat much but the group I was with made up for it.
Great quality furniture and shower curtains but way to overpriced for example a shower curtain is $90 there and some of the employees including the manager gather in a group and just talk. I went there tonight and all I had to do was return a towel and buy a couple new ones and it took me 40 minutes to do that
The one across from Bellagio in Las Vegas is the perfect place to have a glass of wine, French Onion soup, crusty bread and watch the fountains. 2:45pm is the best time to accomplish this.
Surprised this place isn't frequented more. Never see a lot of folks in the place but service was great, friendly and food was good. Okay, I started with the Tiramisu... don't judge! And of course, everything goes better with Malibu Rum :o)
Fast and friendly customer service. I got my oil changed with in 30 minutes. The waiting area was extraordinary with all the amenities. Will continue to repeat business and recommend to all .
Shrimp Po boy was fab but too small for $9! They have Mr. PIBB & MELLO Yellow.  Still craving shrimp. I shall return.
This is the best breakfast I have ever had! The only downside is the wait to be seated. Don't let the wait scare you though. The food is well worth the wait! I've only been here once, but it will definitely not be my last!
Great Italian food. The chef is very friendly.
Love this bar! The owner is fabulous and the girls are super attentive! During a \"big fight\", the owner reserved us a booth to watch our college game. They even let me borrow a phone charger.
They have all the new big titles, and they have a cine capri which is great when its showing the movie you want to see (its an extra large movie screen).  The place is clean and the seats are comfortable.  They dont have a 3d screen here or imax, but its a good theater.
It's good! We didn't really like the chili cheese dogs but loved the Chicago dogs. The have no jalape\u00f1os here and that is important to me on a good hot dog. Or at least having the option.
Not accommodating...hostess wasn't rude...just not friendly at all.  Heard so much about this place, I'm sure the food is good but if first impressions count (they do)...well, that explains the rating.
Great place in Stonecrest Shopping Center to stop in for a quick  bite when you aren't in the mood to cook.  This casual eatery offers pizza by the slice or made to order pizzas, salads, and a good selection of pasta and Italian favorites such as Eggplant Parmesan.
The pizza was good, but very expensive. It also took quite some time for the pizza to come out.\n\nI enjoyed my visit but may not order a whole pizza again until the price comes down. Note: you can order by the slice, which with a drink would cost a little under $5
This place is amazing. The food is excellent, the portions are big, and the menu seems endless. One of the best kosher restaurants that I have been to.
After eating at both locations, the location near Decatur is much tastier, more flavorful, but it is smaller so the wait may be a little longer. However, this location is larger, it seems louder, but the food is not done as well as the original location.
Grew up with Rita's and this place is one of the best I've been to! The owners and staff are genuinely welcoming and there's nothing better than a refreshing gelati on a hot day! Thank you Rita's of Surprise! :)
This was my first Gastropub and I was excited. The food was good and the service was excellent. Thank you Graze for making my experience in Madison so memorable.
My husband and I stopped  at Sugar & Ice one morning as we were waiting for shops to start opening at 10am.  The food and drink were a little pricey, but good.  I had a delicious iced latte and we sat out on the patio watching the waterfall.  It was relaxing, and a great way start off the morning.
The employees are definitely nicer than the Pete's in South Phoenix but I would rather deal with the mean and tatted up old lady in South Phoenix than getting under breaded and under cooked onion rings. The burrito was excellent and they give you more sauce than usual in this location though.
I expected a lot more. One of my favorite restaurants to get steak at is ruth chris, I love that place so when I can across steak I was expecting so much more. My steak was chewy and it took forever to get our food. Our server was not the greatest either. Won't be coming back
Stomp was better than this!! And cheaper too!!
Been there several times, mainly for the the awesome bands they have there. The drinks are pretty decent and the wait staff to. I like the free popcorn also. I had eaten there only a couple times during lunch and wasn't really impressed. I've had better burgers else where.
It was absolutely fantastic. My ONLY complaint was that portions were just a liiiitle on the smaller side..but I guess the great food you get makes up for it. If you're in Vegas, you HAVE to eat here.
I work.around the corner from here so when I get off every so often I stop by for lunch. I just ate here again yesterday. I love all their food! Make sure to try the mahi mahi! Its the bomb!
Chicken arugula salad. 'Nuff said.
The lemon shortbread was wonderful! Soft and just a bit more than a \"hint\" of lemon. The flavor was perfect! I would eat the shortbread any time!
Don't waste your time or money.\n\nWe went here after watching the worst show on earth and just wanted to get off the street. We were imideatly seated after ordering our over priced drinks that were super week, to the point where we didn't drink them. \n\nNot worth the time.
What has happened to Summerlin?! And thank you hearthstone for following suit to terrible service and false expectations. Overbooking mutiple tables on reservations and the food has to be something amazing to make up for this. Always excuses and everything left to the imagination because someone with a reservation 30 minutes after us walks in way before us.
Very good! I can't believe we found a good place to go downtown. It's a bit small but it adds to its charm. Love the cucumber water, and all the food we had was great. If you want something competly different in Phoenix then come check this place out.
The food was great! The atmosphere awesome and the service was even better. The manager Chad was super and the waiter Jonathan was great. Great restaurant with a wonderful staff. I will be back for more!
This place is a definite no-go.  The steak is just bad.  In a city of great steakhouses, there is no excuse for such rubbery, bland, cheap steak.  The rest of the food is similarly disappointing.  And it's so overpriced!  Save yourself and go elsewhere, please.
Not the best pizza in the world, but they are quick, the pizza is good, and affordable.  I love the garlic herb crusts that you can choose for your pizza.\nThis place is really for pick up or delivery only.
We had a great day visiting the Modern Mexican Painting exhibit.  Upstairs there is an exhibit and hands-on activities for kids. There is always something to see for the entire family.   We had a blast and a great way for the family to stay cool.
Don't believe the hype!  I had a business lunch here and  was not that impressed.  Usually when I have a free meal, it makes everything taste better...until now.  \n\nYu- Yu, barMASA, and the in-room menu at Nobu Hotel have superior sushi!
Pizza is their strength.
I have worked downtown for years, and this spot is a favorite. All of the sandwiches are good, and take out is super easy. (I work on a lot of campaigns - live off take out). On the rare times that I am able to sit outside, everything is clean and run efficiently.
This place is a great neighborhood restaurant.  The food is very reasonably priced and the waitstaff is always friendly. Breakfast is excellent if you just want basic bacon and eggs with biscuits. The food has greatness in its simplicity, don't look for any fancy dishes, just basic southern cooking and friendly charm.
Had to babysit my niece in the Fantasy Faire gaming area for children. My goodness is this place run terribly. The kids that run the place(yes I mean kids) were rude, and did not take their jobs serious at all. I would not come back.
This stadium is beautiful. It looks like an alien spaceship, but I like it. I would give it 5 stars, but the parking sucks most of the time. The stadium has good food options. Every seat I've ever sat in at different levels seems like a good seat. The staff is really friendly. Go Cardinals!
Absolutely amazing pizza! Definitely try the New Yorker... The sauce was full of flavor, the pepperoni zesty, and the sausage has just the right amount of spice. The small dollops of ricotta complements the pizza very well!
We last dined at this old style southern Italian restaurant in 2005.  We each ordered chicken angelo - mushrooms, olives, and artichokes in a lemon butter sauce plus complimentary cups of chicken pastina soup.  The soup was okay, but the chicken angelo fell a little south of mediocre
Needed a Tux for prom because I'm a last minute guy and this place was perfect! Great, quick service. The guys here take the initiative to get anything you need or anything you want to change. In the words of Arnold Schwarzenegger \"I'll be back\"
Management here SUCKS! They would take a to-go order by phone claiming they're too busy. Taking a look around they're not busy at all.
This place was amazing! The custard was delicious and the Gelati was to die for! The only thing that sucked was the customer service. You can tell it was a slow day and the two workers didn't want to be there. They offered the customers behind us a punch card, but they didn't ask us. Super rude!
Hilarious. I like his style even though he's freaky to look at. But you know what? The fact he looks so freaky is a part of his act.
Favorite spot was the pool. Okay casino.
Ok ok biryani. Too pricey buffet
Be prepared to wait atleast an hour even after a reservation.\n\nSame experience for two days in a row.\n\nWe are vegeterian and they have good options for us and so we came in for dinner for two consecutive days.
We ate there twice with very good experiences. Food was delicious with very friendly and accommodating service. A refreshing perk.
drive thru for scrips is not worth it.  go inside and you will still wait forever..
Totally disgusting overpriced caesar salad alert!
Dbat is the country's premiere indoor baseball and softball practice facility with world class instruction.  This facility is brand new as if March 2014.   Beautiful facility and friendly owners.
They get three stars from me. It's still a nice little place to get southern soul food. The place is extra tiny but the food rocks. This maybe the best place to get grits in Vegas. I always get the catfish & grits.
Another enjoyable dining experience. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating as we remembered from visits there in years past.
Yummy! Thin ices are great. Right next door so I go there a lot. Only drawbacks - Wish they had more thin ice flavors, and they are sometimes understaffed to handle the amount of customers in line.
Milunka is the best in Vegas. She is patient and takes her time to ensure you get the best facial experience possible. I have gone to see her twice now and will continue to see her. Simply the best. She is very kind and knowledgeable about skin care too.
Went here because it was the only pizza place near by open late. Price was average and the food had no flavor. 711's pizza tastes better and is a lot quicker which is pretty sad.
I can't truly call this so much a farmers market as it is really mostly a craft show.  I've never been hassled and handled at a \"farmers market\" so much, I felt like I was on a beach in tourist town anywhere...
Friendly and fast. They used real fruit. It was a refreshing change from soda.
Everything we ate was delicious. Service and atmosphere was great. Quickly went into my top 5 valley restaurants for date night.
Lived in Hawaii for many years and the good here is just like a remember. Keep in mind this is Hawaiian \"fast food\". Had all the classics and then some. Highly recommend it. Also was inexpensive and nice size portions.
Probably the best japanese restaurant I've been to. Sushi was top notch, all the chefs are Japanese which is a good sign. The umami seabass was amazing. Super pricey
What a great day!  The course was in excellent shape.  A bit of a hike even with a cart.  They had 90* rule in effect and the green seemed to always be in a valley.   Tough track but playable.  It should be on your playlist
Typical Wendy's fate. HORRIBLE service. The staff here all seemed to be operating in slow motion and in a state of drug addled confusion. WTF?!
Good place to have brunch. Can't remember the dish we ordered, but they were the first and the second on the menu. Good taste but a little too creamy for my taste
So yummy! Best Vegas buffet so far (it was fairly new when we first tried it).
The drinks here are too watery in my opinion. Lacks Flavor.
Great tasting, nutritiously delicious boba! Best place in Vegas. Friendly staff always willing to make the customer's request. Large variety of flavors and colors.
Decent Chinese restaurant  in LaSalle,  with a mix of canadianized dishes and what appears to be hk  style dishes.  We ordered for delivery,  less than 45 minutes,  prices good for LaSalle.  Unfortunately,  will not allow dim sum to be ordered.
Hit this place at Bally's a couple of times for their breakfast buffet. Good price. Not a huge selection, but the scrambled eggs and biscuits & gravy are both very good.
There's a great selection of beers, and some decent bar food. All in all a little pricey,  but it's still a great experience.
Great food, bartenders, atmosphere, and owners
Brad is very careful. He's personable, and his cost is reasonable. I would trust him enough to lend him my house key.
Two burgers, one water over 16.00. Food beyond avg, could name a dozen better places! Wanted to enjoy it, but didnt.
holy crap! I just had the best yogurt ever. it tasted like coconut cream pie...coconut yogurt with Graham crackers, almonds, and a little whipped cream. yum!!!
I was planning on checking this place out after viewing the Phoenix Arts Museum but apparently they moved to 750 nw Grand Ave inside the Paper Heart Gallery.  So ignore the old address.  Hopefully I'll get a chance to check it out before I leave town.  3 stars for still existing and because I have to rate it to post.
This is a great breakfast place with so many delicious choices. But the best thing about this place is the incredible customer service you get from Amanda. She is the most cheerful, friendly and super nice waitress we have had the pleasure to meet.
I'm not sure why we came here with so many \"good\" restaurants nearby.\n\nServer with an huge attitude. Food is ok.
This was my first time here..we chose it for the happy hour ..perfect place to hang out with the girls loved the atmosphere. .tapas were delicious. .and the sangria was my favorite. .great service will surely be back
The orange chicken lunch rice bowl was very delicious and so were the egg rolls. I will defiantly be coming back.
4 stars only cuz the wait is sooooo long! Outside - line around the block, no lie. Good food! Matt can cook! The food is great but when I want to eat, I want to eat!!
Food was decent at one time, now food and services are poor and they don't care.  Ignore complaints.
Good food but service was not. Might be back.  There was a woman at the bar that should have been cut off. Was very loud. The place was clean
It took 50 min for a battery with one person in front of me. They gave me a bad battery before. I went into their office for a paper and the lady in there was smoking with all the doors closed and windows shut. Very very unsafe and I'm pretty sure it violates labor laws.
Thank you for the massage today Melinda!   Amazing job - professional, gentle, and thorough - so relaxed and it really helped with hip pain.  WONDERFUL!!!
Bison Burger was great, I highly recommend it. Also got the hash side which was excellent. I was in a huge rush and they got me my food in 10 minutes. The ingredients clearly are a good combination, maybe it's just brilliant branding, but it tasted healthier... Cool building too!
Dark, crowded, noisy, long waits, overpriced food, blah drinks.\n\nAlso, I don't get eating burritos with a knife and fork.  I just don't get it.
I give them five stars especially because the counter girl Rachel remembers my sandwich every time I come in and it's  reasonably priced and unlike Einstein's  bagels this place will make your sandwich exactly how you want it. \"to order\". Love it
Great bar. Pizza is great, thin crust.  Best Pizza in town IMHO (not a big Papa Dels fan). Beer selection is so-so.
Got the party-size pizza. It was enormous! Very tasty! Definitely will be back.
A fun place with tasty cocktails and a large variety of locally made whiskeys. They cocktails are reasonably priced and unique. I'll be interested to see what kinds of aged whiskeys they produce in the future. I want to come back and take the tour next time.
This is my absolute favorite place to retreat into a romantic or just cozy getaway from the AZ heat and sun! Downstairs is a hidden gem.. food is eclectic and delish! You will thank me for this if you have not been!
This location is closing as of Monday, January 31, 2011... :(
Best clothing store in Pittsburgh. The service is exceptional and the products election is great. They really have developed a great women's department, although they are more well known for their men's clothing.
Service was great, food was decent. They sure rack up the random charges... All and all I would say they have good food, but it's definitely overpriced. I have had way better dining experiences for much cheaper.
Stuffed bacon cheeseburger with pretzel bun was great!! The atmosphere was good but it was a little warmer than what I feel is comfortable. Service was average. Overall, a good experience, will likely go back at some point.
Service was terrible.  After waiting forever the bus boy came out to ask if we'd been helped but said he could only bring us water or soda!? The waitresses walked around like we were invisible and the place was not even busy!!!  Margaritas were syrupy & so not worth the $15.00- ugh!!
My wife had the tuna sandwich and I had a roast beef sandwich.  They both tasted awful.  They go out of their way to be distinctive with different ingredients but we prefer the basic sandwiches and didn't care for these at all.  Left without eating most of them.
That was a really fun couple of hours.  Funny, irreverent and perfectly accurate to the 80's.\n\nHaving watched the motion picture it was hard not to think of Tom Cruise, Russell Brand and Alec Baldwin in their roles.  The narrator stole the show, the guy was seriously good at his job.
The service was so slllllllowwwwww.  The food was decent though.
This place is amazing. The food was awesome, the prices were very reasonable, our server was extremely friendly, and the outdoor garden was perfect. Took my friend and her parents here even though they were suspicious of the location and they loved it. Will definitely return soon.
Love their wings! Great service. One of my favorite sports bars in the Valley.
Saw a nice write up in the local paper so decided to give it a try. Service was friendly but lacking. Food was cold from appetizer to entree. If you want fine dinning and a quality steak stick with Sullivan's or The Palm.
Best choices for gluten free and dairy free at whole foods  but this location doesn't have as much in hot/cold bar options and isn't as nicely organized as others in town.  Half of the bulk buys were out of stock in both my trips. Will continue to go but to the other locations in town.
Leaving four stars because I'm not really a fan of obnoxious bachelorette people that were here when I visited. The parking's kinda hard when it's packed but it's a must visit when you are in town
Love this place!!! Has everything for my puppy for cheap. :) A lot of creative stuff in this store.
Bien sans plus, peut-\u00eatre remplacer par reubens tr\u00e8s facilement.
I went there the day of my wedding for the Special Occasion package. I had a manicure, pedicure, my hair done up and makeup done. The manicur and pedicure were lousy and she tore up my cuticles. The saving graces were my hair and make up which were exactly what I wanted.
If BBQ is your thing, then Queen City Q is your place. Hands down the best BBQ in town and the best bar specials on week nights. And they show premier league soccer on the weekends.
The best Philly steak ever and they have burgers that are awesome as well man anyone living around this restaurant needs to try this place out.
An excellent store.  Let's face it most GNC stores being equal the staff and service makes the store.  Adam and Rashan here are knowledgable and work overtime to give thoughtful service and advice.  If you have to, travel a little further to go to this store.
Best fish sticks and chips in downtown Glendale, and I only had to wait 45 minutes!
Food was ok, didn't like the atmosphere. Chipped paint and the lamps had broken glass , menus were stained and dirty. won't go back.
We had dinner last night and I need to confirm that this venue still suffers with a lack of good service and appears to have a revolving door of managers which have little concern for patrons.\n\nThe once small chain which was the very best has lost it's vision!
exclusive customs is the best custom paint shop in las vegas. very good service & excellent work.
One of the best haircuts I've ever had. They take their time instead of just rushing to get to the next customer. I felt like I was getting a hair cut that fit me instead of something cookie cutter a stylist tries to slap on everybody.
Went for a business trip. Awesome food...the best pastries I've had. Not a casino fan, but went to the Phantom of the Opera and was really nice. Don't miss the Venice canal!\nThe 3 stars are because people smoke everywhere!!! I hated that
Terrible food! We dropped in for a friends birthday, hoping for something special since it was inside the Hyatt. We ordered two mediocre salads as well as chicken tacos that were gross! The cheese on the tacos was in edible. Our service was tolerable, however, I would not recommend this place for anyone.
The Southwest Airlines staff here is really friendly, and although the airport is a bit loud, it's passsable as far as an airport goes.  Long walks from the C Gates to other terminals, even though the airport is not that big.
Nastiest food I have ever had.
The side cucumber pasta salad is tasty and refreshing, but the sandwiches I've tried so far have been pretty bland.  I love the sweet green tea from their dispensers though.  It's a nice atmosphere
I am in meat heaven! Everything is perfectly prepared, the service is fantastic and the manager Marco was phenomenal! We had an allergy issue and they knew not only what we could and could not have, they knew every ingredient in every dish! Eagerly looking forward to coming back!
Excellent Chinese Food!! Order on line and take it home, but make sure you call to confirm before arriving for your order because sometimes they miss it and you still have to wait. But I love their food, especially their Thai noodles.
Great food great service great price.   If you want big portion Mexican food this place is choice. Family run, local.  It gets a little loud sometimes, but we got a seat in the back. Our waitress Tandra was exemplary.
Slow....ice coffee in a soda paper cup?  Western omelet on a salted bagel...not so good.  Had much better bagels.  Safe to say I won't be coming back here for breakfast.
The zoo is ok, and has become nicer over the years. For a zoo, which caters to little kids, there sure is a ton if walking between exhibits. Very poorly planned if you have kids under 3 who want to walk. I would suggest heading west to the wildlife world zoo. My kids much prefer that zoo over this one.
Very overrated.  We waited 40 mins for bells kitchen burger and a chicken sandwich.  Both were only okay.  Will not return.
Got the Ahi & Hamachi poppers, duck spring rolls, wedge salad, Kansas City Strip, and beignets with creme brule.  All of the food was decent but the ambiance just wasn't there with too many waiters running around our table.
The best venue in Charlotte.
Best Indian food in Montreal, not just the West Island. Everything is seriously delicious, and it's all homemade, even the yogurt. It's far, and in a weird place, but really worth it.
Pretty damn good burger.  Glad I didn't \"hold\" the sauce.  It complimented the burger well
The cottage is just a lovely place, as are all of its residents.  \nIt's a hop skip and sometimes 2.5 miles away from many great drinking establishments!\nIf you ever need a place to sleep on the floor or find something to sleep under, they will even take in a Whores wandering the streets.
Burgers were OK, nothing to really rave about. Their appetizers were pretty good especially the fries w/ multiple dipping sauces. But, the Nutella Shake... OMG best shake I've ever had in my life. \n\nThe service was good and pretty attentive.
Still an OK mall, very quiet compared to years gone by!
Fast, friendly service. Food was delicious and filling. Just get past the hole in the wall layout as parking sucks. By no means healthy, but hits the spot after a night of drinking.
They should put the flies on the menu! We went for lunch and were bothered by so many flies that it ruined the meal. Just be prepared!
Even though I was nursing a hangover and in need of crappy, greasy food, this was a letdown!  First off service was so slow and the cashier was utterly lackadaisical in her attitude.  Oh well, what did I really expect...
Poor service. Yikes. It's just a cheeseburger joint. Yawn. Waited over an hour for food... To go... On a Wednesday... Need I say more?
Over priced vs Quality.  Service is hit and miss, depending on time of day.
Pretty good but over priced. I went in and has a burger, fries and a shake and it was $17! That's just too much for lunch. But don't get me wrong, food is good, just not great.
Good neighborhood sports bar. Friendly staff and good management. Enjoy the pingpong n bags games for outside patio
We've ordered cupcakes from Treehouse on two occassions.  We've had lemon blueberry, vanilla, chocolate, and churro.  All were wonderful.  The mini cupcakes are the perfect bite.  Highly recommend.
Another reviewer summed it up best as a \"pretty cool novelty attraction.\" The staff was friendly and I'm happy they didn't toss my homeboy out for humping the ice lion or for all the pictures we took while inside. After our first round we skedaddled!
Very solid. Some dishes were fabulous others were standard. Service was attentive and caring, while sometimes long-winded. Appropriate for an Italian restaurant I suppose. The view of the strip is a plus, as is the decor. Appropriately priced.
Nice dealership with excellent techs. My challenge with this dealership is the pricing. I have a great service advisor named Derick and he tries to help but the corporate pricing is higher than real retail pricing or comparable alternatives. If they would drop the pricing to be competitive, they would have a lot more customers.
My second time around - a really great show and a superb production. I can see myself watching this show a few more times and get the same enjoyment each time. Much better than the Broadway production. The set looks even better than movie itself.
This club layout sucks ass but Calvin Harris was awesome.  All the newer clubs have an open concept.  If you are claustrophobic or afraid of stairs I would avoid this place.
We went for my brother in laws 30th birthday.  The staff and food were excellent.  I cant wait to go back.
Food was great and beer selection was alright. Great place to watch the Panthers game.
Beautiful view. \nCustomer service is awful!!!!! Definitely understaffed. If there were more bartenders on staff I might consider giving it another shot. I just can't see waiting 45 minutes for one drink!
Shame! This is Arizona, you can't get by with half-assed Mexican food. Lunch service was slow as hell and they got three orders wrong, no refills, food itself was lackluster. The only reason I gave them two stars is the price was reasonable.
Great mall with plenty of stores and a decent food court.
Just had a drink but did not really want to stay much longer. The martini was watery and the menu was not up to my expectations. Still, it's a cool place to hang out before seeing a movie.
Good Mexican food. Family business . Service is great. Green salsa is the bees knees. Worth the visit.
My boyfriend placed 2 orders of fried calamari to go, and when we got home I was so upset. What we got today in two boxes equals the amount of food we were served with one order the previous week. So disappionting!  There're only probably 10 pieces in each box :(
We keep going and trying this locations and service is horrible the food is pretty good but it takes 45 minutes to get a drink and longer to get food management does nothing to correct the problem hope u have better luck then we have
Great place to grab a slice to go.  I'm from the NY area and this pizza comes pretty darn close.  Love to find places where you can just buy by the slice.
Very good, and their prices are great!
Everything I've had here has been amazing. Plus the service is perfect so yeah, \"Woohoo! As good as it gets!\"\n\nI recommend the Kale and Asparagus Salad and the Lobster Mac and Cheese. You will not be disappointed!
I was looking for  nice tiramisu and I found this place. It disappointed me, I would probably rate it the lowest among the ones I tried. Bread pudding was ok.
The best barbershop & shave in town.\nCool place to hang for a guy that likes PBR and shooting the s... \nMartin the owner takes appointments and cuts a mean pomp or old school haircut. \nI don't plan on going anywhere else in Vegas.
This is one of my FAVORITE west side eats!  I HIGHLY recommend the veggie spring rolls and the number 60 & the number 65 (I think this is it, it is lemongrass chicken with eggroll).  I can't order anything else because I love these!!!
This was my second stay out at the Red Rock and for those looking for something off strip, you cannot go wrong here. The rooms are comfortable and I absolutely LOVE the huge soaking tub with TV. If possible, ask for a Red Rock view room and be sure to spend an hour out at Red Rock one morning.
One of my favorite restaurants in town , love the food and. Atmospheres there. Bruschetta is the best !!!
I could hear the adjacent movie running at the same time.  The cheap college auditorium desk did not help and the desk lamps that glared in your face as you tried to watch a movie was a little annoying.  I might go back if I get another $6 groupon, but never full price.
Got to love a Taco Bell KFC under the same roof. I'd eat here again.  Burrito supreme is the best
Lady at the front was very nice.  We got takeout, which was fast.  The rice was hard and very dark brown and over soy sauced, eggroll was soggy.  Other dishes had no taste.  Something in the air there made us both get a tickle in our throat.  Will not be back.
Best burger ever! A lot different choices, and all taste good. My favorite is rising sun, a good combination of Japanese and burger.
Ok, I've tried this place twice and I'm not going back.  The food is.... food.  Maybe I'm just not the person for this place.
Pathetic service , rude behavior , asking kid not to make a mess . I suggest everyone just ignore this and try a another one.
Delish!!  Service was great and super friendly! You do leave with a smile and a happy belly =)  Every tasted very home made.  Will definitely be coming back.
Got the family meal to go.  All of the food that came with the meal was awesome.  I am very happy that we picked up the food because the place is very small and probably not a very kid friendly location.  However, food great and a LOT of food for the money!
Food was good.\nThe staff was a bit unprofessional.
Just like another Albertsons, nothing spectacular about this one.  This Albertsons is pretty far out west, so it's never a very busy store.  I really like that I can get in and out in a hurry.  It is clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
If you eat here you are so uncool.  Like how could you go to a chain restaurant like olive garden or applebee's??  Clearly you are not hip and all indie-like.  I can't even talk to you right now.  Like OMG.
Excellent selection and service.
This place is my neighborhood's favorite joint. They have daily specials. The fat burgers and beer battered fries and onion rings are (my opinion) their signature dish. Staff is friendly and you can even bring the little ones in. Yums!!!
I love Smash Burger first off, so I came in with high expectations. They did a great job at this new location. Food tasted great as usual, presentation was also good. They were pretty busy but got to us very quickly. Great job all the way around.
I have just had one of the BEST meals of my life. We ate at L'Etoile Restaurant in Madison. And not just that the food was great... the service and attention to detail was remarkable. WOW.
Nice hotel, convenient to W Carson. Only complaint is the taxi service that they use. Cost $20 more than a regular cab fare to the airport and the driver was pushy about sharing his information after being told I wasn't interested. 4 star hotel gets one star taken away for who they choose as a business partner.
Love the opera renditions. Bring me to tears.\nMinus a star for Faith Hill and \"contemporary\" selections.\n\nMy favorite thing in Vegas.
Pros: Cheap $3 sandwiches ( they are small, so don't expect a Subway-type sandwich). Tasty.\n\nCons: Ghetto strip mall, takes cash only, no AC in summer
Poorly understaffed don't plan on a quick lunch I got my food the same time as the gal who walked in 20 min after me I was sitting at bar and can equate this to a fast food restaurant
Good pizza for Arizona. Always friendly service too.
It was way to cold in there. Nose was frozen. Need a winter cold or you would freeze. Theater was clean and spacious.
One security line open. ONE. Line is wrapped around the tape 3 times. Unacceptable and completely ridiculous. \nI guess they don't want anyone to leave, which makes sense given it's beautiful here.
Offered to make it right when I had a problem so I can't complain. Good food, good atmosphere and hopefully they are working in customer service.
Would not recommend.
A more high end mall just on the N boundary of Montreal right on the cusp of the 15  and 40.  Check out the SAQ as it's one of the best wine selections for SAQ in Montreal!
Steak and eggs!! The homemade green salsa is really good.
Tacky as all hell.\nSalad surprisingly good.\nI'm a biker chick.
Food was good but service wasn't too great. I was there when there were barely any customers so there was no excuse. The waiter didn't seem like he cared and rude in my opinion.
Our usual place for a car wash. Fast and easy...
I'm not a fan of their cupcakes. There is way to much frosting on them. They do come in some fun flavors, but I mostly feel gross after eating one.
Tons of beer selection. Good price.  The food is not bad.  I've tried a number of the sandwiches and burgers and they are all pretty good.  If you want good beer and high cholesterol, go to Fatheads.  Just be prepared to wait in line.
The place has a great atmosphere inside and out!   I never had a bad item off the menu.... Great service!   Highly recommend this place
I had such high expectaions after reading reviews but I was so disappointed.  The food was not good, the service was awful.  They got all of our orders mixed upo. Will never go back and cannot recommend this place.  PS  one dish was good and some enjoyed the soup.  There are 100 places I will visit before returning to this place.
Disgusting place with disgusting service . I am a global traveller who has spent his time in 20 odd countries and 40+ different airports and this is the worst among all. It's a racist joint. I didn't want to rate even 1
Love this place!! The selection is vast and not too expensive. Happy hour all day Sunday-Thursday is a big plus. The only problems I have here is that the bartender cannot mix a drink to save his life (just stick with a beer) and if you want your food to-go it costs extra.
Not the biggest fan of Krispy Kreme, but the doughnuts were fresh and the dining area was clean.
Classic Cowboy food (i.e. Steak) and a great view of the Valley. \n\nBe sure you \"eat the snake!\"
Always my fav Chinese restaurant to eat at! Healthy options are always available and service is great. Restaurant is always clean.
The food is superb. There is so much attention to detail put into the food. The menu is diverse and adventurous.\nHappy hour is awesome. Most of the appetizers and drinks are half off. The sushi is fantastic.
Love this place! Love the margaritas and the service is outstanding! It is authentic gourmet mexican so it is average price, not too cheap but not too high either. LOVE LOVE LOVE the food!\n\nPollo con Queso and Queso Fundido is amazing!
It's good if you choose from the animal style menu, otherwise I've had better. Avoid the vegas ones between 12 and 4 unless you want to sit in a drive thru line for an hour!
The waiter did an excellent job explaining the different cuts of meat. The staff was well educated about the product they were selling. I would have loved to see a better variety for non steak lovers. I had the salmon and it was not seasoned.
You won't go wrong with anything on the menu. All of the food here is incredible. Things you can't miss: Beer Battered Asparagus,  Flat Iron Steak Quesadilla with Blue Cheese, Mediterranean Pizza and Stuffed Poblano Pepper. Leave room for the S'mores!
Overall, not a great place.  But maybe it was my first time and it was crowded.  The place is huge with tons of places to hang around at.  But with most other places in Vegas, they cater to the ghetto, wanna be hip, southern california, hip hop crowd.  Hence, crap music!
As of 11/03/13 they appear to be closed by order of the courts and there is a for lease sign in the window.
Unlimited wine! Red and white wine are place on the table as soon as you are seated they are complementary, the pastas are simple not the best but still good. Would visit again it's a cute little place and the service was great.
Update: No more crab/shrimp seafood wrap sandwiches as of 4/2011. No explanation as to why - it was an awesome value and it will be missed.
Yesterday I had the BBLT. It was quite delicious! They also have a menu that you can get just a slice or two! They are big slices and very reasonably priced. I eat here a lot as they are just down from my business. If your looking for some good pizza shop fare in the neighborhood, I recommend Slice!
My small coffee I order almost every morning is always ordered the same way...4 creams, 3 sugars.  Every morning it tastes different.  \n\nSlowest McDonalds and worst customer service!
I love this petco! It is clean, near my house and the staff is awesome! They have adoptions weekly I believe for dogs which is always nice. The staff is very helpful, anytime I need something they are eager to help.
The tea is good.  I like  youth berry wild orange blossom tea blend. It's smells even better and is also very pretty. But over - priced and staff are not friendly.
Went here for lunch and dinner. The meat wasn't good and a cockroach past right by me inside the restaurant...
I love this indoor fun center!! A place to hang out and ride fun rides without sweltering out in the desert heat. Military can get discount all day ride passes on base (usually better than the coupons you get at the local stores).
Food is OK, decor is horrible!  Totally out of date!  Service could be better, too.
They advertise a free week then don't honor it.
Really fast service, amazing quality food. The sausages taste really great, and the whole wheat pancakes were a really great surprise. Sort of on the pricey side, but you definitely get what you pay for. Enjoyed it very much!
I now have a great Mediterranean eatery on \"the East Side\"!  Try it!  (On the \" West Side\"???  Try Good Fellas Grill at Greenway/19th Avenue!)
A solid sandwich.. Agree the order process needs tweaking but some nice smartphone integration including order through payment could be huge. \n\nGives Capriottis a run for its money.. I will be back
Come hungry! Leave happy! Awesome place never seen like this fine sushi restaurant!!!
Received graciously and seated in a large but cozy room.  The waiter was rushed but did his job well and helped with suggestions.  Service was quick but not like they were trying to turn the table.  Food was great, although wine list is limited and mostly expensive - not much below $85.  Overall a super experience.
I tend to stay away from chain restaurants but after calling other booked restaurants and not wanting a full meal we decided on CCF.  We had a salad and cake at the bar.  Our server/bartender was great...and cute.  \n\nI would go back for lunch but I learned my lesson about making reservations early.
Decent buffet but definitely not worth the $37+ per person on the weekend.
Good sandwiches but horrible service.  Staff of young boys are rude and unprofessional.
If you have ever been to the Nobu in NYC..SKIP this one!!\nBut if you are looking for a halfway decent sushi bar with a 75$ rib-eye this is the place for you!
Beware of Tina!! I understand policies if they were explained at first. But as a government employee stay professional and don't judge because I'm young and think I'm trying to abuse the mail hold policies. Never been treated like a kid before will never go to this location again.
Smells like smoke wasn't expecting to walk into a bar/lounge it say cafe not night club also the workers are rude and don't welcome you. The creeps are okay and cheap but defiantly never eating her again it is totally not worth the disgusting smell and rude service.
I have know Susan for over a year and have always found her very knowledgable about any questions that I have had regarding signage.  I have referred several people to her and none of them have been disappointed with what they bought.
I was there the first week of July 2014. OMG what a disappointment. The people who work there are great! But the food is not good, it looks good but no flavour. Save your money! Don't even try the oysters, it's like eating rubber.
Hip place.  Can be busy at times.  Perfect for study and a drink or two.  Lunch is quaint.
Best burger in Montreal IMHO. Fries also excellent AND if your not feeling up for a burger you can have a reasonably priced steak...
Hmm...S-U-C-K-S!!\n\nA lot of the games didn't even work. Then when we found one that did, the game did not dispense tickets. \n\nIt's just GROSS...enough said
I often find myself here for their lunch buffet.  I feel the prices are very reasonable and the food to be excellent.  The staff are really nice as well. \n\nThis place is located where Schlotsys deli used t be.
shrimps are not fresh! Horrible buffet. I won't come back again. Everything was not as good as I expect.
Ill make it quick.   Awesome Steaks  Rib eye is my favorite.  Great sides and awesome service.  Great steakhouse just barely off the strip.  It's a steakhouse so its not cheap, so be ready to spend some $$.  Every time I go to Vegas I try and visit this place.
All I can say is double, double with cheese! Oh how I wish we had a Whataburger at home. I do miss this place.  In N Out Burger has nothing on them. All other burger places are just burgers. Whataburger is a little bit of heaven under a bun.
dirty,filthy and disgusting place to stay....ripped off and NO to this apartment
It might not be the biggest stadium, or the most famous stadium, but it will always be my favorite. \n\nThrough good or bad, it always gets orange, loud, and rowdy. Fantastic atmosphere to see a football game in, especially in the student section.
great food locals place check it out!
Clean restaurant. Sat down for dinner on a Saturday night and it was empty. Figured I would give \"coal fire pizza\" a try. Pizza was lacking flavor and was small. Had many choices of pizza to choose from and you could also create your pizza. I will not be returning to this place.
Great reception upon entering and great food!  No one will be disappointed (unless you are looking for a real fancy place with fancy menus), but I bet the food at the Italian Grotto is better!
I've purchased baked goods from Cloud 9 a few times and have been disappointed each time. Their products range from dry and flavorless to overly sweet. Last time I practically broke my tooth on the stale cookie they gave me. I've had much better luck with the sweets from Novel Sweets and Bar Chocolate at the back of the market.
HALF price food after eleven... what else is there to say?
Worst food ever. Had the huevos racnhero's, disgusting. The cheese flavorless plastic, the salsa verde was soo damn salty. It was just BAD!\nI will never go back.\nStay away. Not good at all.
Great location and staff, average to below average rooms. I think it was clean?
Worst croissants i've had in the city so far. Dry and burnt on top of it they were not fresh. Avoid this place not worth it. Tastes like another chain
best place to eat sushi in vegas... the decor, specialty drinks and sushi are fabulous..
Over priced and anything from the deli just doesn't taste right
closed for ever
Darby made my drink and she was terrible. She was not following proper procedure to create the beverage and when I pointed it out, she rolled her eyes. \n\nThis store constantly has issues with beverage quality and the baristas are not friendly.
Not the prettiest looking casino on the strip, but pretty cool. They have one of the only two Blackjack Double Attack Bust It tables in all of Vegas and the Spider-man game and it's connected to Paris, which is really nice. :D
Great service here! A lot cleaner than your usual mexican rest. Big bar area and large dinning area as well.  Great location, away from all normal trendy stuff. Get there and enjoy.
HORRIBLE FOOD AND HORRIBLE SERVICE -- But hey their female employees are all walking about with body parts sticking and pushing out and thinking they are ALL that!  Will NEVER go back to this establishment !
This is the best show Ive ever seen.
I always love CiCis, nothing big about this location but the staff is friendly. I love how you can request special orders of pizzas free of charge!
Josh is simply the best practitioner in Vegas.  If you need a tuneup or a serious adjustment josh has the skills and gameplan to restore you to health.  He takes a holistic approach to your good health.  So glad to find in vegas!
My visit was so much better this time around. Had a great time. The food was good. \nKevin was the bartender tonight. He is amazing, very helpful with my drink selection. (the sangria with champaign) \nLooking forward to the next karaoke. evening.
This place is your typical bar food kind of place.  We usually only go for happy hour....half price apps and drink specials.  Decent nachos, but the margaritas aren't great....although they're usually not at a sports bar.
Definitely one of the best farmers' markets in the U.S., period.
Just waited for over 45 mins and no one helped us. Not a good visit. We had some questions on travel rates and couldn't get any information. Usually the wait is long, but today they didn't even see one person on the wait list while we were there.
Wonderful bar to listen to blues but unfortunately the service is appalling. Not only was the bar tenders rude but our Long Island ice tea tasted terrible. Lastly, be sure to bring cash if you want to avoid outrageous ATM fees or the imposed 20$ minimum to pay by credit card. Always helps to know!
Incredible service, incredible food, best carrot cake I ever had, awesome French onions soup, delicious bread, delicious salads...this place is a gem!
Got gas nothing special. Although there were at least 3 out of order pumps but it didn't seem to impact my wait time. I was in and out quick. The cashier was a little slow and the chips were expensive...really a $1.50 for Doritos?
I am always pleased at Galileo's. The food is phenomenal and you can't find better service anywhere else. The owners are amazing because they really make you feel welcomed and right at home.
This place has the best USO I have ever been to!
I have only been here once but the time i was there was amazing. The food was really great and the staff was very friendly. I went at about 1pm on a sunday so there was a grip of people coming from church, yet it wasnt very packed at all
I bought a social deal to try the place. It was already a deal! The food is very reasonably priced but also very delicious. We will definitely go back.
Went for breakfast.  The firepit looks totally different in daytime.  Anyway, on to the eggs:  the biggest omelet I've ever seen.  And somehow they managed to make it taste delicious.  Great service.  Very affordable.
Good food great atmosphere as long as you don't mind being in a church... or a place that used to be a church
We called beforehand, asked about what colors and sizes were available. Store manager picked up the phone and was very helpful.\n\nStan was awesome-/efficient and resourceful, knew exactly what he was dealing with.\n\nWent in with shoes, made it easier to pick out.
I am a big fan of Chicago style pizza but not Papa Del's. The crust is awfully thick and chewy and the fillings are not great. There's really nothing special about it. Papa Johns is wayyy better. Sorry . . . thumbs down.
Bon service. La cuisine est correcte, sans plus
Tellement trop cher! Pour ce qui est offert dans notre assiette... Trop grand trop bruyant... Nous avons par contre re\u00e7u un excellent service.
This is our go-to place while at the Silverton.  They serve a wide variety of food and the service is excellent.  Lots of healthy items on the menu as well as all the comfort food favorites.  Top it off with a gelato and you have a perfect experience.  Don't overlook this gem.
Killer little sandwich spot. They used to have a deli downtown, but now just do sandwiches and pasts. Fresh bread, killer Italian meats and super fresh veggies! I'm itchin to try some of the pasta dishes they have, but this is THE spot for a rockin Italian sandwich!
My favorite coffee shop in NODA. I've been here every day since they've opened. There's always something new, creative, and quality.
Fast and friendly service! 50 alignment and they did it fast too! Chris took care of me and got me in and out!
Briefly walked through what was open. Not complete. Gorgeous!!! Can't wait until City Center is done.
One of the places I like to visit while in Vegas.\n\nGreat place for window shopping and getting lost! \n\nAwesome selection of shops. Most of them open till midnight. \nSo you have plenty of time to window shop.
Great and I mean great service. Smiling employees and fast. The cakes and cookies are totally yummy.  Amazing bakery.
I haven't stayed here but I've been inside. Hotel looks really nice. Nice lobby and very well decorated. Its located at a descent location on the Strip. However, their casino isn't the best. If you are a gambler, might wanna hit up some other casinos.
This is just another taqueria with greasy so-so Mexican food.  The one up side is the salsa bar.
Still love the place but the last few times the pizza was not up to their norm. Perhaps they are getting to far afield with the salad pizza, lasagne pizza etc.
Rachael was understanding of my goal for my hair. I came in with drab and dull looking hair and left with the perfect cut and color! She did an amazing job with great conversation to boot. I will go back everytime! I have found the stylist for me.
Disappointing and over priced
All I can say is, I wish it were my neighborhood store.\n\nAn Alta Dena lactose product, a BST sandwich [bacon spinach and tomato], and beet chips crackling beside me ...
This is an updated review....Their customer service really shines with their management and senior leadership team. They recognized the service they provided was poor and went above and beyond to rectify that situation. Based on my experience with management alone I would recommend this location to someone else.
The service was good, always a big deal for us.  We wanted to do some customizing of what we picked from the menu and the waitress handled it fine, she even made some suggestions.   The food is mostly bar food and as bar food goes it was enjoyable.
This is coming from someone with a Lebanese background, this is hands down one of my favourite Lebanese restaurants (outside of Lebanon lol)! A bit pricey but definitely worth it! Staff are super nice, food is super amazing!\nI HIGHLY recommend this place
Uber expensive but what isn't in Vegas? I had the 24 ounce Ribeye and it was the bomb. Not $49 worth but great for Vegas. Good service, nice time for 8 dudes eating big steaks.
Movie theatre is the typical Harkins experience.  Fairly new movie theatre, $1.00 drink cups, etc.  The reason behind the just 3 star rating?  Parking SUCKS.  Not enough spots, drove around for at least 10 minutes looking for a spot.
SO GOOD. brought some treats back with me to california. :) the lavender cookies are yummy. and the dirty chai doughnut was phenomenal.
Terrible service, they made the wrong sandwich but I took it anyways cause I didn't want to wait any longer the bread was old and hard, never going there again!!
Service is a little slow but overall the best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far. If you're a seafood fan, the scallops are amazing. Very decent wine list and lots of parking.
Seriously average, middle of the road pizza. Don't go out of your way.
A 12 ounce beer (minus 2 oz for the head) served in a plastic glass is a bit absurd.  Charging 5 dollars on top of it!?  More absurd.  I won't be back.
Perfect place to end the night.
I stayed here fore a conference and what a great hotel and golf course. Was surprised they only have one restaurant.  Great facilities, gym, ground and course.
We have family in Louisiana, so we know great Cajun cooking.  The food, service and atmosphere were all excellent.  The cost of a glass of house wine was $13.00 and whoever heard of a martini glass too small to hold three olives for $12.00?  The bar prices need to get a reality check.
Ew. Food was cheap and bland.  (bread was like wonder bread hiding as a roll, cheese was cheap and barely melted, meat was flavorless)  Not what I was expecting.
Goodness gracious get a server that understands English! Wrong seating, wrong drinks, and last straw.. Wrong order!!! Ridiculous how oblivious they are as to why they are going out of business!
There's a reason why this place is jammed pack every single day at lunch.  They simply have fantastic specials - they offer very large portions at incredible prices.  Last time, I was there, I think I ended up getting two slices of pizza and a drink for less than 5 dollars.\n\nRecommended!
Soooo sad!  How do you run out of Heineken 5 weeks in a row?  How do you do that when you're a liquor store?  Whomever does the ordering, pay attention!  The workers get the heat because not enough was ordered!  Guess we're gonna check out that Wine & more store!  So sad!
I had the cheese burger and there was a piece metal it scratch te inside of my mouth
Love!!!
Wow....I couldn't feel my legs after I ate the fatty brisket...it was awesome ...I can only eat there on a Friday because I'm full for the next few days...I dream about it...not so weird, after you've been there ...
Best Prices in town!Staff was friendly and well educated about dogs. My only issue is I wish they would sweep and wipe down the back where they cut hair and as well as the reception area.
Good location right in the MGM Grand. Banana Cream pie for dessert was excellent.  They did rush is in and out though.
Really great Buffet. One o the best in Las Vegas
Who can beat half price bottles of wine on Wednesdays? The food is always delicious and good service. Bloody Marys are awesome too. I love the vibe of the place very cozy and upbeat.
Bad customer service! Had a small change request after paying... Barista DAISY agreed but only to make snarky comments! And she hasnt even started making our order, so no harm done yet! Unnecessary attitude! Will take this up to management!
I've gone here twice now because of a Groupon. But I have to say, I'm not impressed. Both times the server wasn't very friendly and the drinks were expensive and not well made.
Sorry, to say our meal was not tasty at all and our tamale was cold. Maybe they can improve as we need more types and styles of food in Fountain Hills.
I love cinnabon. This one is an ok one.  Mostly everything gets baked fresh about every half hour. The service is ok and the workers aren't to friendly but I don't care I just want the cinnabon.
I would go as far as saying this could be the worst buffet in Vegas... Food dry, over cooked, and over seasoned... When I  paid $16.99 i was only paying for the costumer service so that's why I gave a star!
This place is okay. I think it can be over priced for what you get. For this place being a taco shop it's bland.
One of my most memorable dinners I gave had...ordered the 5 course prefix that is a must do. The service was impeccable, dinning room was very nice....
Its a good hike, frankly too easy for me. Plenty of trails to choose from which is nice. Especially since some trails blend together. I would do it again, just with added weights for more of a challenge. It is just each to their own!
A good 3.8 because they make here some really nice combination of ingredients. However, portion are all appetizer size and you will be left hungry for sure and service was really to slow, with several meal arriving not warm at all (pan seared fat liver foie gras should be served hot, not just medium warm!)
The office visit was normal just as any other place but when the order was placed for the contacts someone dropped the ball. Sorry but contacts should not take over a month to come in. not even if they were being manufactured on the ISS. No phone call for updates or at least an apology.
If you are looking for fresh sushi restaurant this place is perfect place. They offer fresh fish with reasonable price. The service was great. They focus a lot on customer satisfaction. I strongly recommend to try this place you gonna love this awesome place. :)
Urgent should be taken out of this name.
It's good but I expected it to be out of this world given the reviews. I think it's just a popular spot around here given the lack of specialty \"ice creameries\". It'll do the job of satisfying the ice creamvings....
This place is awesome!  Great concept, and a breakfast buzz with extra espresso is gonna be wayyyyy better for you than anything blended from Dutch Brothers!!!
Soggy crust one side burnt crust on the other. Bad flavor.
This hotel was horrible. The staff was too nice the food was too good and the room was clean and spacious. If i had a fridge or microwave I would have said 5 star. If you like that sort of thing stay here as for me I'm not staying here again til the next time
Just tried to order two different sandwiches...out of both the types of bread I requested.   What kind of sandwich place runs out of bread?!?!?!
Just horrible it taken them a month to transfer my internet over. One guy I talked to was crying about him not wanting to lose his job and that he needs his job. They also don't return their phone calls. I'm glad I payed them $60 for no internet.
I can always rely on this Chipotle location for consistent service.  Friendly staff and the long line moves fast.
Best Chinese food in Phoenix so far.
We eat here once a month or so.\n\nYes it's very busy, yes it's hard to provide 'great' service when it's busy.  But they do a good job still.\n\nGood food, good prices, we keep going back.
First time here and the waitress was rude, plus she came up to our table within 5 minutes of being seated and wanted us to order, I didn't even get to look at the menu. It wasnt even busy restaurant was basically empty
I didn't think our meal here was fantastic or terrible. It was just okay. My hubby thought the sausage gravy was a bit flat.  Other than that, it was just your standard diner breakfast. The pot of bread was probably the best thing about it.  Service was good.
Come here for BEER ONLY they had pints for $1. As far as for the food it seems Todd English got his inspiration from a Friday's franchise and then overprices it just to make it look pretty on a plate .
I keep wishing for a good reason to venture past the restaurants in the front. Oh well somebody is losing a lot of money
Holey smoke filled, glass enclosed coughing factory.  If you can deal with massive plumes of cigaret smoke, then you are fine.  If not, steer clear....
Worst experience ever!!! Rude receptionist! Not even apologetic that we waited for an hour to check in just to tell us in a rude manner that were not getting our reserved rooms. All their personnels were rude rude rude!!
Love their produce and bulk food section. Big store, great prices and lots of variety. This is my new grocery store for sure!
the waiting is soo freaking long...but on the upside, what do you expect for a lot of cheap great food?
after their failed bid for mayor I find it strange that they would run for president.
It was fine.  Nothing to wet your pants about, but it's breakfast.  Typical diner fare, typical hassled waitress, apparent disinclination to repair washrooms that are out of order for whatever reason, etc..
They need to really clean their high chairs and tables they are really sticky!!! \nAverage food and service.
Amazing amazing amazing. .. food and service. Fresh ingredients . Highly recommend this to the locals. I happen to be just visiting a friend and he recommended we come here and boy am I glad.
Go to for vegas. Makes everything easy and thats what vacationing is all about! Price is resonable for service. Thank you!
Had the goat meat for the first time and LOVED IT. Did find a small bone so be careful but the flavor it worth a second try. The staff was nice and willing to help me understand what words I didn't understand on the menu.
I called to ask some questions pertaining to their business and the guy on the phone hung up on me. Great customer service!
Good atmosphere, great service, food was just okay.
Yum! We didn't have Pho, I wasn't feeling like soup. We opted for garlic chicken, shrimp spring rolls, make your own beef spring rollsand noodle crepes. All was great.  Service was fast and friendly.
Went here for lunch. Got the gyro special. The tomatoes were soggy and the pita bread was a little dry. The fries were clumped together and tasted like they had been cooked in old oil. Don't think I'll be going back.
I guess it was okay. They were playing house and hip hop. Drinks from what I can remember were reasonable. I can't remember much about the crowd, but we had fun.\n\nHaven't been to Vegas since 2006 so I don't know if this place is still open.
A franchise burger joint near Weddington's Town Hall, John Boy & Billy BBQ Bacon Burger and fries were good. Topped off with Malt with Mix-In's called a Concrete (I ordered Heath Bar in mine). YUMMY. And they have Diet De Pepper, too!
Been here many times and once again they don't fail to impress! Great band tonight Ryan Bexley!!! go here if you are looking for great country music and a different vibe in Scottsdale!
Go to subway instead. This place is overrpriced and not very good. I would say the 5 best sandwich shops in south side are\n\n1. real mccoys\n2. fatheads\n3. primantis\n4. south side steaks\n5. subway
Love love love this store!  I stumbled upon it between appointments and came home with great decor for my home as well as Mother's Day gifts. Prices are definitely reasonable and there is a wide variety of items for both inside and home and out.
I love the emerald chicken! I found the recipe on a blog, so hopefully I can recreate at home. The dinning area is like a bad cafeteria, but the staff is really friendly and they give you samples to try before ordering. If in the area you have to try it out.
Easy to enjoy such clean fresh food. This restaurant would be a great addition to any city.  It is wonderful to have restaurant owners who are responding to our community wanting more organic and healthier choices.
yuck! eww! impossible to eat , the soups taste like crap , smells horrible . The sesame beef was purple and impossible to chew! avoid this place! run!
Everything was fresh.  Rice was perfectly cooked. Service was outstanding. And it was priced well.
Absolutely love this shop! If you are looking to get any stationery done like invitations ,labels, etc.. This is the place to get them ! Her work is beautiful ! I give this shop 5 stars ! I recommend this shop to all my friends and they loved it ! Love love love! It's affordable and beautiful work
I've been to this place twice within an week and the food is delicious abd authentic..... I love the Thai Fried rice, the spring rolls are a must, and everything's spiced go perfection.
I come here for lunch at least once a week. Great food, great prices, great ambiance. The menus are unique, with a fabric cover and wooden carvings on it, which I haven't seen before. If you like Thai food, you can't go wrong with this place.
Horrible food! I was in town for the weekend, I decided to go try this Chinese food place,instead of eating Subway and I regret it! \nThe food was disgusting,I got sick.\nNever again, the only good thing? The Fortune cookie.
Hands down one of my favorite sandwich shops.  It's the bread that makes this place so awesome. You can't go wrong with most of their sandwiches. I typically get the one with roast beef.\n\nCheap, fresh, delicious. Good break from the over indulgence of buffets.
This place used to be great, with unique dishes, yummy breadsticks with special butters and complimentary white chocolate for dessert. Now it's just average, with nice outdoor seating.
Pho was good and the service as well.   Was not overly impressed, but will try again.
Great theatre.  Cleaner than most.  $1 refill with loyalty cup.  Kids are nicer here than most of the other Harkins I've encountered.  \n\nTheatre is huge and parking is available since BWW no longer shares the parking lot.  \n\nOverall and enjoyable experience.
Not sure about this spot yet. Walked in to women restroom bathroom,  they just opened and its pretty gross,  it kind of already grossed me out.  Even to order food.  Sorry but that says a lot about a place. Take pride in you spot.
Food is good, but enjoy the cooking at the original spot better.
Food was great. The staff was very friendly. However, the service could be better. This is the best kosher place in Vegas though...
thanks for taking all of my money.  your rooms are what i expect them to be.  so, thanks for being consistent.
Brought several American friends to experience COLOMBIAN FOOD and not only was the food mediocre but the last thing this place offers is real Colombian food! TERRIBLE!... Super sad my friends got sh\u00a1tty Colombian food. \n-One Concerned Colombian
Great place for drinks and appetizers - super busy even on a Thursday but service was good.
Meh... forgetful chain food... would like to give extra half star for the free peanuts.. and free rolls...
I've only been here once but it was enjoyable. They did accommodate our group of about 25 people. Food was good. Don't really recall my veggie pizza being anything special.  Will go again.
I am beginning to really dislike this drive thru location.  3rd time they can't seem to get a drink order right. I asked for a kids milk light ice, & we have our cup for her. As well as an iced coffee with splash of milk. Again they gave her chocolate milk/heavy ice. Ugh
Their Katsu are thick cut and just about right coated! Their white rice is cooked to the perfection and their miso soup is just as delicious! Best part when you are dining is grinding your own  sesame seeds to the mix of the katsu sauce!
This place is always so good. We shared a plate and it was more than enough food. The portions are generous. Our waitress, Kristina was excellent. She was very attentive, up sold without being pushy and anticipated our needs. The next time we come we will be sharing a plate and ask to sit in Kristine's section.
I went in to get a new Mustang convertible at Mini of Tempe and I was taken care of as if I was family, no surprise since Penske is a family owned company.  Their staff went above and beyond for me, everyone was a joy to speak with and hed an overall wounderful experience.\n                                                     Steve   Scottsdale, AZ
I've been here a few times for nice dinners as I am a recently graduated and quite poor college student. Normally I would find it offensive to pay this much for food, but my dishes have been amazing.
A memorable breakfast experience.  My frittata, featuring guacamole and bacon, was splendid, and my wife's omelet was delicious. The home fries were fantastic, the best I've had in a while.  The service was warm and responsive.
Overall, I recommend. The pulled chicken and it was a little dry so I use extra BBQ sauce to bring freshness to it. BBQ food tends to be greasy so keep that in mind.
Kiddo and I enjoy visiting this Ra.  Service is spotty but the Happy Hour specials decently prices (but smaller portioned) and give a good variety - good for a mama/daughter date.
The pho here was really good. The atmosphere is a little too cramped and informal to give this place a better rating. But if you are looking for a casual lunch, this is a good spot for adventurous dishes.
Their ceviche is to die for along with their tableside guacamole service. Love this place...
I loved the pizza here, but thought that it was a little overpriced.  I waited over 45 minutes for pizza to be done.  I highly recommend calling in your order before hand.  Not sure if I will be back because the price was high.  However, they do have awesome customer service and great pizza
All of their ticket counters are somehow closed, not sure how a passenger is supposed to check in. Their kiosks also do not respond to touch as they are supposed to, super frustrating when they \"time out\". And the person who took my checked bag didn't say one word to me...lovely customer service.
Had the veggie benedict and the biscuit and gravy. Perhaps we ordered the wrong this. I was not impressed with the quality of the ingredients or the way they were put together.
I honestly just hate this place, been here for 2 birthdays and hated it both times.\n\nThe food tastes mediocre and  the staff is just rude.
It's interesting that we have to sign a waiver but can't jump together as a family. We have a 2,4,5 and 12 year old, I recommend flip and out!
This is by far the best club in Old Town Scottsdale, babes everywhere who are totally willing to rub up on your junk while the DJs spin the dopest shiz around! I love how I can get crunk with some Hip-Hop on one side of the club then find Molly and House out on the other.
A great little place for lunch in Kierland. Even when I walk past it, it's classic decor and bar stools make me smile.
Breakfast for 8 on 5/11/13. Most of us ended up with the Central or English breakfast special and we were pleased. Drinks were a little weak. Good service!
I went here for my bachelor party weekend in Vegas and it was fantastic. The service is great..you have to get bottles of course but thats anywhere with a group of 7 guys. over all a great club.
We shared the spicy chicken udon, curry noodles and spicy mussels. I really enjoyed their food, pretty spicy too. They have a drive thru so I'll probably stop back again when I'm in a rush and want some fresh food made to order.
I went here for the lunch buffet.  Well worth the price, even in Vegas.
Great selection of beers!! Its big...and its loud..and its Vegas' version of Socal's BJs!! Yay for BJs...wait...no...i don't think i meant it like that!! Sick little minds...
Nobody likes me here either 0_0\n\nWhenever I don't have the option of connecting my flights through Vegas, I come here and act like I'm passed out on the floor until I hear my flight beginning to board xp
Worse service ever!!!!!! Don't bother with this Village Inn. The management is awful. There are too many other Village Inn's in the area to deal with the poor service. The one on Power & Ray is a better option.
Good food and great service!  My friend and I both enjoyed our meals.  The atmosphere is nice, especially if you sit out on the patio during the summer.  It's a great place to people watch while sipping margaritas. The waitress and owner were both friendly and I would definitely go back.
Got takeout here last night for the first time. The reception lady was very friendly and the good was great! We had noodles, edamame, rice, veggie tempura, and three rolls for under $50. Everything was great!
I feel that this church only cares about it's public appearance and money.
My giant beer was great but pricey as always considering its an airport bar. The quesidilla was gross, guacamole tasted like it was a powder they added water to and plopped it on from a piping bag. Wont eat here every again may just have liquid food.
False advertisement and shitty customer service = dumb.
I had a teriyaki chicken bowl with broccoli. The chicken was kind of burnt. The broccoli was good. The rice was decent. The teriyaki sauce was too sweet. Nice people though!
Delicious and cool authentic decor. Can't to go back again soon. Had the mixed vegetarian plate and couldn't get enough.
Just don't order the nachos \"to go\" ... We just picked up the order for our office and we were jipped on the toppings, it was mostly just chips and cheese for $9 each. Never again.
Ahi sliders....TO DIE FOR! Best fries ever. Savored every bite. Wish I was back in Vegas for some more yumminess
Had the Beef Bulgogi box and ordered sides of the kimchi.   WORSE BULGOGI I HAVE EVER EATEN.  Dry and no taste.  VERY VERY VERY Disappointed.  Will never eat here again
This place is perfect if you hate NY bagels and love frozen bagels.\n\nAs a NYer I was excited to try this place out, but it was disappointing.
Older group, small dance floor, small location ..\n\nPros: the view down the strip.
New owner!!! Food quality and service are 5 star now, the new owner Ito is really outstanding.
Way too noisy but mussels are great..
got take out. nothing to write home about. i guess everything is relative, but this food was less than mediocre... sorry.
I asked the cashier for recommendation as this was my first time here.  Lamb gyro was good, but i should have skipped the lemon seasoned fries - they were cold.  I will come back another time and reevaluate my 3-star grade.
love this target - easy way to spend $100 but it is always clean and you can find whatever you need and a lot of what you dont need but must have :-)
We tried this place when it first opened, and after you take your pizza home and bake it you then throw it out.  Take and bake and toss pizza.  Strictly for the kids, but a frozen pizza from the store is much better pizza so it is hard to understand how this place stays in business.
Went on a Sunday.. Only to watch football.. The service started off pretty Rocky, but got a bit better with time and with more alcohol. The food was ok, then again, I was loaded. The waitresses are barely outta diapers and run around lost half the time. Nothing to brag about.
Great service and all the food was perfect.   Ordered the Ahi Crunchy Salad and it was amazing. Will come here again anytime I am in the area. I saw the Mac and Cheese2 and it looked great.
Excellent food, great service,  reasonable prices.
I got a hair cut and loved it, however, I was not crazy about the salon. A little too modern for me.\nSeems like a good place if you like trendy hair cuts and color.
great, patient centered dental care!  Straightforward and practical, comfortable and professional with no over the top 'office features'.  I really appreciate their patience, flexibility and willingness to provide great care.
3-3.5 stars\n\nIt's a decent course and a fair value compared to the resort courses.  They keep the course in pretty good condition and there are some interesting holes.  If you're a scratch golfer, it may not be challenging enough but it may be a good one to improve your short game.
Moved to California and come back every other month to replenish supplies.  Best ever with fabulous customer service.  Their brand name supplies, ie adhesives, are superb!
Crowded, loud, filled with frat-bros trying to impress each other.
This place is also a scam. Phos free for $60 when it's 29.99 everywhere else. All there products are overpriced.
Ordered breakfast thru the drive-thru for the 5 of us as we headed back home to cali and they forget a breakfast jack and also screwed up on one of the meals. It was just a breakfast jack that i really didnt need though
I went here hoping to get a delicious burger , while they werent bad they kind of lacked flavor. Also I was hoping that the smash fries would have more of an intense flavor, fried pickles were good! The staff was friendly. Overall, this place is just pretty forgettable and honestly won't find myself craving it often!
I come for the Tullys, but I stay because it's the only thing close to Fred Meyer that we have in Arizona.
Go dbacks
For a quiet and slow dinner, go here. The atmosphere is really laid back, the price is a little high but the fun behind going out for fondue helps. It has been a long time since I have been here, it might be time for a revisit to see what I think of it now.
I was blown away by the rude behavior! Very poor customer service. We went through the drive thru for the first time based on the reviews the other night. The girl working at the window was extremely rude! She slammed the window shut before I could even get her name.
Paid $30 for exterior & interior wash...left windows smudged/dirty, dust on the dash, console area wasn't even cleaned. I won't be going back...
Slow service and overpriced ice cream. I would come for the retro feel if they were more productive. \n\nSkip it and go to Churn.
good pizza and large wine list...  I like it since it is off the beaten path in Old Town...\n\ni agree that it is a nice group place... they also have a pretty nice outdoor area.
I went out last saturday and had an good experience.  There was no bev. cart lady, the greens had been recently worked but for 20 bucks the price was right.
Do NOT put your hard earned money into this place. The instructors are good but my favorite ones left after having their paychecks bounce. Some of them have never been paid. This means you may pay for classes and show up one day to find the doors locked. After researching this business I found several judgements against them for not paying their bills.
The wait if you come here at the wrong time is unbearable! They have a very small space but the food is amazing!!
Ate here twice for the breakfast buffet. The food was average at best but great for the price. Made to order eggs or omelettes were decent enough. Bacon was not crispy but that's my preference. Service was 4 star. If you're staying on Fremont then go for it.
Over-priced, terrible BBQ!!! $12 for chopped brisket sandwich and water....you kidding me??!!   Best part of the meal were the biscuits!
Everything is freshly baked the night before! Their coffee and tea is also delicious! Every time I've been here, the customer service is also outstanding. I'm greeted right when I walk through the door with friendly \"hello\"'s everytime! \nI will defiantly keep coming back. They have earned my business!!
Came here for the 1st time 4 weeks ago and been coming here once a week ever since. Customer service is great as they always check up making sure everything is ok. \n\nRecommendation - pineapple bowl, jungle juice base & a tropical mint flavor.
Loved it! One of my new favorites. I never order fish but the halibut sounded good and it was delish. Everyone I was with really enjoyed their meal and our waiter was fantastic. Dessert was great too. One of the owner's mom's recipes for carrot cake and cheesecake. I definitely recommend it.
I will give them an extra star now that they have called me back and fixed the mistake.  But from the experience I had, I will probably still not use them again.
Excellent Sunday lunch\nGreat food, even better service \nSalmon BLT ... better than a salad !!!
Bullsh!t buffet!  Worst one in town. Cant believe all this food taste like crap
Awesome food and great wait staff. They are so attentive and the presentation of the rolls are so pretty. The fish is very fresh not dried out like some of the other places here in the valley.
Had the green curry with pork - curry had good flavor, not enough vegetables in the dish.\n\nAlso had the fried shrimp appetizer - six shrimp - good sauce.  Flavorful.\n\nSecond time to this establishment.  Solid Thai offerings.
Worth the money, but not too great.  All of the dishes were less than 10 dollars, and the portions are really big.  However, what you get is basically a bowl of noodles with very few vegetables and meat.  If you're looking for a cheap, filling meal this is a great place.  If you want good Asian food, look elsewhere.
The best part about this place is going out back to smoke a cigarette.
Keeping it short and sweet...good for drinking with your amigos. food is eh...Service was prompt and oh so friendly
This is a very chic grocery store. Lots of veggies including rare mushrooms. Nice meat section with lots of selections. Wine collection, a sushi bar, sweet thing bar, and a great flower section.
Dessert of the gods! Seriously, this stuff is truly delicious. Hole in the wall, shotty neighborhood, thugs left & right; but its worth potentially getting mugged.
Waited 45 minutes for 2 large pizzas and then they tell me that they never put in the second pizza! Never coming here again!
Love, love, love this place!\nGreat atmosphere, great for large groups, casual and fun! Have been here a number of times, and have yet to be let down.\nOrder the sweet potato tater tots! Oh my goodness! Life changing!!!
Bad tasting food. I am an Indian and this place is real bad for Indian food. Spices don't gel well. And price is a bit high for quality.
This is the worst place to go for Halo Halo and empanadas. They have also have horrible service.
This gym is by far the best in Las Vegas with a variety of choices \nThis time of year I love the outdoor pool
Lunch menu, Lame. OK service, not well executed food. BORING. No real creole food. Waited 15 minutes for our reserved table, and it was not even busy.  Would give a second chance for dinner.
The other location off I-17 & Happy Valley is WAY better. This one was blah. I had ribs, they were ok. They were out of mashed potatoes......If you want better service and better quality go to the other location.
This Is one of the nicest PT''s I've seen yet, a bit bigger than the other ones. The staff are always friendly and the food Is delish!!! you can sometimes find \"Eye Candy\" on the weekends ;-)
This is where I fell in love with sushi.!!! (first time to try sushi)\n\nThe morning dew is my favorite by far the sauce is amazing
Our excellent waiter, Dan, took care of us for dinner on December 7th. My mother's NY strip turned out great, my super large shrimps cocktail had an amazingly strong \"atomic horse radish\" on the side, and the recommended \"butter cake\" was amazing (not one morsal remained)!
I like firehouse. Navigation takes you to an empty field.  It's actually on Ocotillo and Arizona Blvd
Freshest fish in the east valley!
Ordered the burnt ends.  They weren't.  Meat more closely resembled chunks of meat that might have been smoked at one time but tasted like it had been recently nuked.\n\nHad potato salad...nothing special.\n\nOverall somewhere between bleh and meh.
I have never been to a hospital with less care, empathy and concern for their patients. I am disgusted with the care they gave my 85 year old father.
Very friendly staff. The freshest burrito I have ever had. The cook even made me special hot sauce!
The tacos here are pretty good =) A-OK in my book
Great noodles and tasty pad Thai. Good service. Yummy sticky rice w mango. I would go back.
Great service - very prompt and professional, meticulous about cleaning up the small branch debris.  Very reasonably priced as well.   Will definitely continue to use their service.
Good beer, good food, good music, good people.
Closed, out of business
Pipers is what it is.  A place to watch soccer.  the food is not very good and the drinks are over priced.  The bartenders and waitstaff are usually friendly.  Some of them a little too friendly!  It's a nice place to enjoy watching Man U kick ass.
This is the worst Mexican food ever, the chips and salsa were awful, I had a bean burrito enchilada style and it was just not good, my step moms food was cold, the service very slow I would not return :(
Great for the kiddos.  Have excellent service.  Tiffany is the best waitress. She is so good to us every time we come.
Great food. Good prices. It's a great little taste of europe in town. One of my favorite highlights of the place is they always have a new special. And it's always good. Only downside is fighting movie traffic for parking.
We spent New Years Eve here! Great atmosphere, excellent food and friendly staff!
The food was tasty.  Not great, but not bad either.  Where it really lost stars, however, was the service.  We waited for our check for an hour and had to ask for it several times. Not okay, Coriander.
Went there today for lunch, walked out.  They no longer have all you can eat, and the prices have increased tremendously.  Will not be back.
I love this place! It's a unique twist on burgers and fries. Only here can you get a milk tea, Japanese chicken skewers and a burger and have it all be wonderful.
Food was pretty standard French fare. Service was a bit on the slow side with just one person manning the entire restaurant, so be aware of how long you'll be sitting there before you order, get your food, etc. I did like how they gave a small salad to share among the table.
I don't know if they read their reviews or not but they should. This was shockingly bad. The teriyaki chicken literally had no sauce.. never seen anything like it.  The house chicken is aptly named because it tasted like drywall.  Zero flavor.  I have no idea how this place is in business.
Nice to have a great bar in this neighborhood!  Great drinks!  Amazing happy hour specials!  Excellent service, good food, dog friendly and great variety. So excited this opened in this location. It was so needed!
They wanted $104 to groom a cat with some matted fur, or $84 alone to groom a cat. No other groomer wanted CLOSE to this.
Another great visit here. Had the sage chicken and waffles. They were amazing would definitely get them again. Also had the special Andy's grill which had boneless steak, venison sausage, and duck breast. All were incredible.
The Cesar salad was horribly drenched in dressing. The chicken in the sliders was hard and very thin. Very disappointing for a \"Ramsey\" establishment.
I'd call this a small version of the traditional 50's diner for breakfast and lunch. The portions are very large at the prices are low! The food is great and the staff is extremely friendly. \n\nBring a friend to share the ham and eggs!
I find the food to be tasty, but have noticed a significant decline in service and speed over the last several weeks.  Too bad, will need to go elsewhere.
Not one of the best casinos in Las Vegas. My biggest gripe is that everything closes so early! I could not find a decent place to eat after 11pm. Really?
After being baited and no showed by Paul's 'not really a' taxi service I called VIP. They dispatched a cab that showed in 10 minuted. Sent me a text message to let me know when they were out front. Highly recommended.
This place was once known as J Chew and Company. I loved that place and this new version is still great.\n\nSo comfy, so casual, so welcoming and so non-scottsdaley it's just the best.
Two hours for an oil change??? I asked to get an appraisal of my SUV to possibly trade it in, that never happened. Then they tell me my vehicle needs over $600.00 worth of maintenance; I think not.
Denny's always available after the club! Cheep food and service! It's what's for breakfast at 230 I'm the morning!!
Sucked... I still have\n\n\n\n\n\nStill dusty with waterspots
Been playing here for a few years and I have seen this place transform. From a snack bar downstairs to the arcade getting put in, it is all coming together.  It's been great to see up close.  The owner Dan and his family are great people and run a great rink.
We used to go there for the $4 local breakfast menu. Can't really complain since it was a lot of food. Wasn't anything great but definitely worth the price. The casino eventually closed down though.
Yuck -- the owner and everything else changed - it's called Alladdin or something like that now. Walked and right back out -- foods no good anymore...
I love this place. Great pizza, all fresh ingredients, some unique and delicious Middle Eastern fare. I've eaten through the menu and have never had anything that wasn't wonderful.  Get to know the owners. They're genuinely kind people!
Yummy  I love ph, and I've been to many a Vietnamese restaurant looking for ph. This place has wonderful ph, especially for Arizona. I love their broken rice dishes as well; the eggs and the pork are delicious.
The place is wonderful. The workers have a nice additude and always care. The auditoriums are big and the seats are extremely comfortable. A little more expensive then regular theatres, but WAY worth it.
Ambience was nice and their chowmein and orange chicken was good. Portions could be a little bigger otherwise a decent place to visit.
CW Clarke ltd is an excellent firm. Extremely professional and thorough. I have been using this firm for 6 years now and they are the best! I recommend them to my friends and colleagues. Chuck is responsive, accessible and very helpful. He has a solid team around him and makes the whole process much less of a hassle.
Bad service- rude and unhelpful.  \ndirty - I saw a guy pick up the floor mats and clean them and never washed his hands. \n The food was horrible. Never again.
You cannot get much better than this place. Great customer service and attitude. They guarantee their work and products. I will always buy from these wonderful people. The best in Phoenix
Never again! Departing from LAX our flight was canceled and had to book another flight and that one was delayed.. Now returning home the flight has been delayed about 3 times. Very annoyed and just seems like that can't seem to be on schedule for any flights!
Update, the  location is closed and the doors are boarded shut.
Decent food with a family friendly environment.  Smells a little weird.
All the food here is reheated right in front of you. However, I would be able to overlook that if the food tasted decent. I love pasta and don't know how you can go wrong with baked ziti, but somehow they did. It was bland and the noodles were overcooked. Terrible.
Superb food. A bit pricey but worth a visit. There are rides at the top, so it's better to go during day time!! Dessert was amazing!
Stopped here for breakfast on the way out of the Flamingo/Vegas. Probably the best food that we had in Vegas. I was traveling with 1 vegan and 2 vegetarians and all of the other options for vegan/vegetarian were slim. This place had a large selection that fit everyone's needs.
The nurses are really superb with their beside manner. Very caring and attentive.
Really like this place. They have great activities for kids on weekends, and their Urban Garden Party was a blast. Gift shop is great.
Far too large for its limited parking space suffice it to say that no matter how impressive the Convention Center itself is, the infrastructure around it needs serious work - the cab lines a disaster leaving the monorail or foot as the only realistic options to arrive in a timely manner for all but the smallest of events.
This place is just not good....  Atmosphere is off, the service is sparse, and the menu is a total mystery....  They have an okay bar which i could see myself grabbing a drink at but that would be it...  Check out grassroots next door.  Better menu, space, and service.
I went here on opening day at the newest location so service was quite slow however the food was hot and fresh when we received it.  I tried it again a couple of days later and it was a much better experience.  Can't really go wrong with chicken and waffles along with a sweet, cold mason jar of sweet tea to wash it down!
They staff working the door are rude as hell.  After going in left within 5 mins.  Not a great party pool a lot more laid back.  Everyone in there was snobby and the pool was very small.  Def NOT the pool party you want to waste your time on.
The staff is so polite  funny and they make a genuine connection with the customer. I absolutely love this place! I am from Houston and we are home of the barbque....This
Not really my fav place to go but it is decent. My taste in Filipino food is different whenever i eat here. Other filipino restaurants style of cooking their food appeals more to me.
Pearl has done a wonderful job with my very blonde hair.  I am very picky, with my hair and she bleached and cut it and did a wonderful job.  I would highly recommend her for color and cuts.
You'll read a lot about trying the \"Golden Gazpacho.\" Believe the buzz, it's delicious. Definitely worth eating at.
Wow!  Dirty room.  Not vucuumed.  Extremely indifferent service.  Room smelled moldy.  Never again!
The menu is not limited just Mexican food. However, that's not really a bad thing. The guacamole is super awesome. Same goes for chips and salsa. However, the entrees we tried were just average. Service staff is very friendly.
They have one of the best pastrami sandwiches on rye pumpernickel swirl bread in all of Las Vegas!\n\nGet there early and beat the crowd, we will be back
The music is WAY to loud. You can't even hear yourself think much less talk. No selection of sizes. Clothing is cheaply made and overpriced.
amazingly delicious! awesome every time!
I love DB! I am consistently served great tasting coffee with superior customer service!  I have no complaints. I was already in love with DB, and then I saw the special on Undercover Boss, and it confirmed my appreciation for this business. Had I known about this company when I was in high school, I would have worked for them!
I've been coming to this ever since they reopened into the Cafe it is today. It is an awesome place to hang out with great food and people. I love the cafe and bar especially. The Espresso is good and that Nitro beer is great! : - )
Huge huge selection of any kind of alcohol you could want. Individual bombers of craft beer, huge racks of wine, $800 bottles of scotch, this has anything you could want and more.
I have not tried all their dishes, yet. My husband's curry lacked a lot of flavor, but my chicken dish was good. I will try again to find other dishes.
Order took over 1 hour to deliver. Pizza was cold and tasted stale. Asked for refund, manager is an idiot. DO NOT GO HERE!
Not quite the menu as the original but the tacos and the service are hard to beat.
Pellini is a fresh take on Italian and is just what the restaurant industry needs! The food is awesome and the staff is even better! The Nutella Pellini is a must!!!
Good beer. Bad facsimile of German food
They get the order right but they don't seem to understand that a sauce is meant to be on the wings.  The spot on North Durango is excellent,  but this one is terrible,  the food has no sauce or flavor.
the bubbles were awesome!  not mushy or over cooked at all!  definitely worth it.\n\nthe tea wasn't too bad either
Solid.. good food, good service. I've had better thai, but for Charlotte, it's very good.
I got the baked apple pancake. It was large and filling but didn't seem especially well prepared. It was thick and heavy. I didn't finish it.\nI also got a side of bacon and that was average.
Cheap, yummy and a fun way to do dessert. One day I will break my bad habits and actually get fruit on my yogurt. Until then, cookie dough, Oreos and chocolate syrup will remain my true and loyal friends.
Love this shop always a great atmosphere. Doug and Toby are awesome. Been coming to this shop since I was 9.
3+ stars, fast service, decent pizza but prefer a hand tossed dough. Not my cup of tea pizza wise but for those that like a crispy pizza, it's right up your alley with customization up to 7 ingredients. Decently priced meal with drink less than $11.00.
The pharmacy sucks. !!!!
When I visit Phoenix, I sometimes stay at the Hyatt hotel so Networks is naturally were I eat.  It is a convenient and safe choice n the neighborhood.  Although most of the selections tend to lean towards the fast food genre, you can find comfort in their coconut shrimp, or chicken sandwiches.
I will always find something I want from Ross, no matter where it is!
Great concert hall with two floors over looking the stage. Plenty of rooms to move around during metal concerts to mosh.
A classic odyssey in bar form. The happy hour is AMAZING. Everything and everyone else is there to give you diseases before you can take advantage of the HH and escape. If you're talented enough to make it, excellent. If you don't have the necessary game, don't even show up.
Just not my cup of tea. Food wasn't very good either and was pretty expensive.  Communal dining isn't for me
Margherita pizza was okay, nothing special. Service was good. Overall your normal cafe experience in Vegas. I wish the caf\u00e9s were better.
I love this place and how big it is. I believe my best friend says it's the biggest F21 in the world. The only problem with this place? It's so big that it overwhelms me and I end up not shopping :(
Way better places to go for the prices they ask!
Nice staff, large room. Smallest breakfast I have ever seen, but coffee was good.  Wifi did not work at all in room.
OMG I looove this place! The chipotle sand which with mushrooms is my favorite. Plus hearing an actual Frenchman say 'croissant' to you is dreamy . If you're in a hurry for food avoid lunch hour tho! It's a madhouse!
When you are a breakfast place that is famous for your coffee, and it's morning, you lose serious cred if you can't sell coffee in bulk! How do you let your business run out of the boxes for the Box O Joe? At least provide an IV alternative.... Just sad.
I guess I totally missed the boat on this one because I was not impressed.  There was not one thing that I thought even stood out a little.  With so many great restaurants in Charlotte I doubt I will be running back to Manzetti's anytime soon.
I was here just to wander, eat, see Jersey Boys, didn't get a room.  It seems cleaner and nicer than the Venetian and it's relatively easy to get around.  It didn't smell quite as smokey.  I'd try staying here next time, rather than the Venetian.
Food was amazing and so was the attentive staff! Loved everything about this place! Can't wait to come back! && the Mac nd cheese is a MUSSSST try!!!
First time I've been to a Mr. Goodcents...it was an okay experience, I like that they slice your meat when you order, but as far as taste/quality goes they are not much different from Subway.
I took both my boys to get their hair cut. The lady that cut his hair seemed to be having a bad day or just hated life. Either way, she did ok and this place is cheap. Works for me. I can't really expect too much.
I like the new terminal 3. Since I always fly Alaska Air this is where I end up. The new terminal very clean and modern. They have some decent food options from what I can tell but I've only really tried the Burger King. Be warned though as the security line can get pretty long here, but at least it moves very fast.
Been here once. Pretty fun little place. Kind of trashy peeps from time to time but otherwise a good time. Have not tried the food as of yet. HH is good though.
The garlic shrimp and katsu chicken was delicious.  The service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
Stopped at Strip Burger after checking into the Wynn across the street. A really good burger with an equally good chocolate milkshake. The staff was great, too!
Stopped in for lunch pick up near work and found the most wonderful people working here. If you are the owner or manager reading this, everyone there on 3/27 at noon deserves a big raise!
Overpriced coffee, $10 boxed sandwiches and salads...yeesh...I'll take a walk.  Though Lavazza is good, this was not a spectacular cup of joe.  At $8 for two 16oz. cups I'll pass.
The sofritas vegetarian option is delicious. Ask them to have a taste. I love it. Everything organic and yummmm
I've created a Facebook group for people who got scammed by him.  Send me a friend request (Thomas McGilvray, in San Diego) and I can then add you to it.  We can share information more easily that way.
Well prepared but watered down Thai food.  Potential is huge, but food has been \"Americanized\".  Sad, because authentic thai food is full of flavors dancing in your taste buds.
Its the bomb dot com.
Rip off!! Iced coffee is all watery and the smoothies are overpriced, no real fruit just sugar loaded premade mix. Gross and expensive.
love the Pastrami and Corned Beef!
I was staying at Harrah's so opted to give Flavors a try.  All in all, not bad for the price.  Not the best buffet in Vegas, but not anywhere near the worst either.  The food was very acceptable and would go again if it was convenient.
Your basic subway, the staff is fairly friendly
Convenient spot. Hubby had BLT and maple flavor of bacon over powered the sandwich. I had the wedge salad: blue cheese, tomato, onion, egg, bacon dressing. Maple flavor complemented the salad. Good service.
I'm a huge pizza snob and this place is amazing. I had the both the veggie and pepperoni and peppers slices and my only regret was not having the entire rest of the pie to go with them. Totally worth the long line. If you're looking for authentic NY pizza, this stuff is the real deal.
Love love love Postinos. It is such a great atmosphere and I'm a huge fan of the rasp chicken salad. \n\nWill be back again and again!
I wish I could give \"0\" stars cause this place sucks! The service is terrible, the food is disgusting. However if you're one of the town drunks then its a great place to go.\nNothing happening here - I'd absolutely go elsewhere for food.
I had Katsu Curry lunch here! The rice was not fulfilling but enjoyable!!
This is more like a Dees,or Denny's. The food had no flavor. We waited in line just to pay for more then 10 minutes \nNot recommended
Service is iffy, but most oft the food is yummy.\n\nTrivia nights are fun and it's a great spot to meet up with out of towners.
The bread was awesome and the virgin olive oil fantastic, but the rest our our food was entirely missing flavor until we added some of the marinara to our gnocchi and chicken.  We also returned the ceasar salad due to a fishy taste.
One of the best sushi places in the Awathukee area! Love the gyozas and the rainbow roll! The staff is also extremely nice and polite. Have to love this place!
We just went for dinner, but the food was great and the service was even better. \nThe folks in the kitchen and at the tables know what they're doing.
FABULOUS.....Always if there is a wait it is worth it!
Ohhhh wow did not expect this place to be all that great but of course I was wrong haha. The line is super fierce but of course def worth it ;)
We had a very nice set of french double security doors installed from First Impressions. From the salesperson that came out to present their goodies to the installer, and completed installation they were terrific.\nWe would highly recommend this company. Thank you!
Great dim sum with all the classic favorites from ha gua to duck feet.  The place is huge so the wait isn't bad.  The servers are also really nice which is hard to come by.  For Chinese restaruants, they usually have good food and bad service or bad food and good service.  Great Wall has both.
Best biscuits and gravy in town!
The food was very good but beware the take home packs of soy sauce! They are not soy sauce but colored salt water.  Not the thing I expected from this restaurant .
Really not good. I would never come back here. The wait staff was attentive but the food was gross. I don't know why they have an overall 4 stars.
Too many variables... Service might be very good and the food might be very good also! My experience here is that you probably can only rely on one or the other on a good visit. My last visit, both were terrible.
the gado gado sauce was great but the chicken was overly fried. the sauce in the mixed veggies was just way too thick, way too salty and probably loaded with msg.
I tried their version of jerk chicken. It was ok, but not for me to go there again. When I walked in there was probably 2 customers who were already seated and eating their food. They took about 20min to get my order ready and it was a small bowl with white rice and chicken.
Good food, great service, fun atmosphere. Fabulous beer selection. Need I say more?
chinese... vietnamese.. durty knees.. look at DEEZZ   hjahahah    jk... \ngood food.. \nno wait.. \nyes please!!
John is an excellent therapist. I did a 90 min Deep Tissue that felt great and it was just what I needed. He can go as deep or as light as you need. But if Deep Tissue is what your looking for, this it the place.
I had the privilege to come to La Bella's for lunch yesterday... I had a cheese calzone -- fresh and tasty. You can definitely tell everything here is fresh. I love the display window with the pizza, calzone and Stromboli. I will definitely be back!
It's Taco Bell - nothing special. Food is okay, drive through is fast and friendly.
Burger was really big and good.  Wings were good but very small portion.\n\nBeers are a bit pricey, but it was a good time
Amazing service and delicious banana cream pie. The pie is so worth coming here. Had the seaa bass with miso but too sweet for my taste. Stone crab was ok.
Went here this past weekend and it was NOT a good experience.  The food was ok but the service was horrible as soon as we walked in the door.  Definitely won't be going back.
The worst customer service ever! I wouldn't do any business here. They are extremely rude! i decided to order flowers elsewhere!
These guys cheated me out of $150, STAY AWAY!  I was so pissed that I filed a complaint with them through the Better Business Bureau.  Please don't waste your money with these guys, take your business somewhere else!  Don't let what happened to me, happen to you!
Everything in this shop is delicious!
The special Pho is not really special. Even when we asked for the right combination for the four of us, they brought out two small bowls that can only feed two of us.
Great food and service with a smile.  Very refreshing after many years of what passes for Mexican food on the east coast.  Prices are good, too.  Only wish it was closer!
I was there yesterday waiting for my second drink over 2 hours and never got it when I asked for my check it took the bartender an other hour to bring it to me and to my disappointment I seen that he charged me for both of my drinks even he never brought me the second one
Terrible food, terrible prices, terrible service. I'll never eat here again or order room service from the stratosphere hotel since this is the kitchen that supplies it.
This place is a dump, and it's staffed by the indolent.  It's filthy; they're slow.  Go someplace that stands a chance of having been cleaned and swept at least sometime in the prior week and where the people \"serving\" you speak English with a smile.
Open late when you gotta have one.
Poor service !!! \n Cold appetizers ( frozen) lack luster attitude from staff . \n Will not come back !  Get better service from sizzler.
(Serving) size doesn't always mean better.  Was disappointed with the pancake. I was so looking forward to this too after seeing the great reviews. The service didn't make up for the experience either. Love the hotel, but won't be rushing back to this cafe anytime soon.
5 friends playing blackjack at one table. Dealer did not know rules of game she was dealing. 1 1/2 pay on BJ, she insisted and payed as 1 on BJ, pit boss eventually noticed and corrected. Dealer then unable to remember 3 BJ at table realy? WTF its a pit don't go.
A lot of great things about this place but they lowered the black jack payout to 6 - 5.  If you play bj don't stay here, the house more than doubled their take.
I went to Butterfly Wonderland opening weekend, and had a fabulous time. It was nice to be educated about these amazing creatures, and be able to see them flying everywhere in the observatory room. I thoroughly enjoyed the 3D movie, and entire experience. This is a great place to take children, and a fun date idea!
This place is great for delivery.. We have never eaten there before and decided to try them out. Pizza is great.. Ny style! Our new fav place for delivery pizza!
Impressive venue, excellent service, highly recommended
The gummy candies here tasted really fresh.
Love the crab stir fry house special & tom ka!
A small, unassuming salon tucked into a corner of a strip mall. The prices are great ($19 for pedi) and the service is really good. A great find!
After reading the reviews I expected a little more from this place..... It was just ehhhh.....The Thai iced tea was good though, and the bbq chicken was better after I added the spicy chili flakes.  *might give this place another chance but not really counting on it,
Great experience. Just had an office visit for a scratched eyeball. Everyone was friendly, I got in quickly, good explanation if injury after thorough examination, effective treatment plan with quick resolution and thorough follow up exam. Who could ask for anything more? I can't speak to cost as I haven't received the bill yet.
Awesome shows and good for a crazy time on Vegas. Second year and plan to come back next year. Get your tickets early it will sell out and jump in the club shows quick. They sell out within the day they come out.
So good! First time here & everything was great! Green sauce was super hot - but in a good way & tacos were delicious! Definitely recommend.
Nothing special. Forgettable at best.
Not bad for a sushi joint in the desert! Have to admit we purposely go during the slow times ( happy hour ) and sit at the sushi bar. Service has been \"just ok\" but the sashimi & sushi are good and priced well from 2pm - 4pm definitely a value and so close in Surprise.
Pool was fantastic. It's a secret hidden gem of a rockin pool scene, but that won't last long. I'm sure it will be packed this summer.
Was craving some beef and so headed over to this joint. The restaurant was packed and they don't take reservations so waited about 40 minutes for a table of 2 at 6pm.  \nThe prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge.  Come hungry as most people were leaving with doggy bags.
Excelente atmosphere, prices, fun and most of all bowling with drag Queens!\"
Fish didn't taste fresh. Service from waitress was awful, but the waitstaff that filled waters and ran the food was very good. Won't be returning or recommending.
Lots of people ordering the two slice with salad and drink for $3.50.  I opted for a sandwich.  I tried the philly.  I am not a fan.  Meat was chewy and bread wasn't anything exciting.
I ordered the salami pesto and goat cheese sandwich and my taste buds will never be the same. It was the best sandwich I have ever had. Like I'm talking about a life changing sandwich here. Try this place. You definitely will NOT regret it. Oh and don't forget a dream bar at the end!
Waited 15 minutes when it was empty only to be told, \"Sit where you want if you still want to eat here.\" Food was room temperature. Toast had mold on it. Worst Denny's ever!
When I first moved to town I was a regular at this casino.  A decent casino for locals.  A pleasant little showroom is in the casino featuring acts like Air Supply.  The Prime Rib Loft is probably the best feature of this casino.  A decent place to meet your friends for bowling or a movie.
Love this place!! Great beer selection weather it be to purchase bottles or on draft. The sandwiches are awesome as well. Spicy turkey on toasted sourdough is amazing!! The outdoor seating is great in the summer time and the staff is super friendly!! :)
Uncompromised quality service, good atmosphere good food. Additionally, the wife is always happy when we come here and you know what they say: \"A happy wife is a happy husband\". It's hard to find parking on the weekends though so have that in mind when you come.
This is authentic NY pizza. $3 a slice... Great dough, delicious ingredients and non-greasy cheese!
As some of the critics point out, there is better Thai food to be had.  However, this is hands down the best Thai food within 25 or 30 miles, and one of the eateries in Anthem.  The food is consistently good, and the people are great.  If looking for a bite in anthem,  you have to consider this place.
The view at the top the Palm hotel is amazing, the service was impeccable, but the food was average french fare artistically decorated.  No one is my party of 4 was wowed by this restaurant.
Smaller than their last place but the food is just as good.  Best Mexican food in Las Vegas!
Great donut shop, love the apple fritters and cake donuts. Busy drive thru on a sunday morning but well worth the wait.
DO NOT STAY HERE. They charged my credit card for services not rendered I had to contest the charges with my credit card company.
Awsome beer selection and nice atmosphere, service was pretty good.   Only downside is that it is kinda expensive for beer.  Overall a fun place to grab drinks
Really good burger. A little limited on what was offered as far as toppings go. How about some green chile?  And the Bacon Cheeseburger doesn't come with onion?  I asked for it to be added. But overall great burger.
Wide, comfortable, reclining chairs perfect for cuddling and watching a movie?  Yes please!  So worth the extra $3 it costs over Harkins.
Last night guest and I had fabulous meals  He had the Jonny and I had scrumptious shrimp and scallops.  Gave 4 stars because the garlic mashed potatoes were bland and too loose and waitress kept forgetting to refill my guest's water.
Called this location prior to visit, the boy that answered the phone was so rude we didn't even want to go. Food is good so we gave 2 stars.
No, no, hell NO! I've given the Double Wide Grill two chances, and have been dissatisfied each time. High prices, plain food, slow service...the only thing nice was sitting outside. My smoothie was watery and my portion of food was smaller than expected. I won't be going back.
Great deep dish pizza, excellent bar, super service. Great place to go, a little pricey but that comes with quality.
Went to this place on a Tuesday with a friend, and they said they are low staffed and can't take us! Wow! Stay away! Very unfriendly!
This place is sorta hit and miss. It's location is great and service is decent but could be better. The beer is cheap on Tuesdays and they have Taco Tuesday. Tacos are good most of the time but feel like something is missing from the atmosphere. Not a bad place just feel like it could be better.
Good burgers, but the breakfast? Be still my heart...French toast is drive-worthy. One star removed for waiting 35 min. for breakfast.  Staff was hopping, I think they were just short-staffed.
Blah says it all. I doubt if this new place will be around for very long...
People were nice owner is cool service is good but it poser fine dining. Not high class. The end.
Racist environment/ They act like they've never seen a black person before
This is the larger of two REIs in Vegas, so if you're looking for a bigger selection this is the one you want to go to.\n\nAs I said in my other review; out-of-towners can often find great clearance deals here on warmth layers, rain jackets and coats.
Love Butters! Perfect pancakes, tasty turkey bacon, gourmet grits, creamy caramel macchiato,  fresh squeezed orange juice, and quick, efficient service! Nummmy!
Service was bad.    Too focused on making pizza delivery work out back.   Pizza was bland, nothing special.
The way you are treated from the minute you walk in is just great. They are friendly and very helpful to say the least. \nThe office is super clean and it smells great. It's very pleasant to come to such as clean location. Even the restroom is sparkling clean. Love it
closed :(
everything is average,\npho tastes just okay\nthe only good thing is the service, which is good.\n\nthe price based on the taste I got, is not reasonable
Nothing says great seafood like Red Lobster!!! Ummm...just kidding. If you've been to one, you've been to 'em all. The service here is usually a bit better than average though.
What can I say?  It's the closest Taco Time to Dallas so we stop when we're in Vegas.  There is nothing like a Crisp Meat Burrito and Tots!
I love the western theme & the mechanical bull is entertaining. Food is average but huge portions, great for sharing. The bartender's always give me free shots. Got to love that!
Delish! Chicken fingers & wings are da truth!
Great atmosphere.  You can dance or you can just hang out.  Plenty of people having fun, but not to the point where it is impossible to move around the place.  I would go again.
This place is super awesome, everything I like under one roof. Had the Taro and red bean snoh and it was good. If you haven't tried this place then \"Do iiiiiiT\"
No dance floor, people are mean, long lines, music isn't good.
$36 for a mani/pedi with callus remover\nI was pleased with the job they did. My friend said her mani was just ok. Her cuticles weren't cleared out well.\nThat might be because they got crowded. I would suggest scheduling an appointment.
Came here before an opera of which the waiter was aware. We were courteously rushed but this was okay because we needed to leave at a certain time. Service was quick except when I received the check. It took a little bit for the waiter to pick up the payment and process it. The coffee was served with some spilled on the cup plate.
So thrilled with what Jaimie did with my hair...again!!  It had two years worth of red color(s) in it and blonde roots.  It's now a lovely strawberry blonde with gorgeous highlights.  Well worth the time and money.
Good fish...try the Rainbow roll it is all good...my only problem with this fine establishment is that the.place has a strong fishy smell...that is why I don't come so often...keep up the good work guys...
Regardless if it's busy or not, this staff is extremely helpful, and down to earth. First time at this Outlet and the prices are good and way better then some of the actual name brand stores.\n\nThanks!
I have been eating at Arby's since I was a kid and like some of their items. \nHowever, their breakfast was really bad. I will never eat that breakfast again, it was disgusting. Sorry Arby's....please dont do breakfast !!
Replaced 2 AC units in my home and one in my rental home.  Fast efficient and they know their stuff!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Very good best gyro in sun praire
This is my favouritt marcket.  Great selection for Korean product, I hope they have more Japanese one as well.
Last week we thought we would give Joyride Taco another try,  after all we really liked the food and drinks.  WOW what a difference!!  The food is still great, and the service has had a major upgrade.  We noticed the waiters concentrated on the guests, and other staff had been added to do cleanup, etc.
Extremely honest, great work and amazing prices. I had them repair a wheel issue on my car. For no charge the mechanic also hid some wires I never got around to moving for the DYI back-up camera I installed.
OK pho. Will go back again and try something else. They had wireless, though!
Used to prefer it to chipotle for food quality and taste... the food today was bland and didnt have much flavor. The employees are friendly, the place isnt busy. Not sure ill revisit.
Steaks were extremely expensive and did not taste much better then what I had at an all you can eat Buffett the night before!
This is the perfect setting for a girls day on a Sunday afternoon.  Share a bottle of wine while listening to Walt Richardson perform.  Couldn't get any better than this. Also, can be very romantic with the right man.  Gentlemen take your lady's here, they will be very impressed. The food, beverage and ambiance is amazing.
It's a gas station, what can I say?  The reason I gave only two stars is because the pumps are oriented at an angle that is hard to pull into.  We had to do like a six point turn to get close enough to the pump.
Jeff the owner is very professional, punctual, thorough.  Used him twice now for our new home that was burglarized and our existing one for sale.
Haven't been able to try yet, but apparently they're closed now on Sat/Sundays. Just so you know...
While the food is great, the music was OBNOXIOUSLY LOUD tonight when all we wanted was to converse at dinner. I usually love this place, but regretted going tonight. If I wanted to go to a club, I would have gone to Scottsdale.
Mixed kabab plate should be renamed, \"bland indifference plate.\"  Though the rice, tomato and the kebabs looked very good, everything lacked flavor.  (It was like eating with a condom on my tongue.)
came in today to get a double shrimp bowl, which is amazing, but was a little disappointed that they only had enough for one serving ;(. Even with this inconvenience I'll be back though.
I absolutely love my hair every time I come to see Niza I leave feeling so beautiful.  He does such a great job and knows what looks good and how to keep my hair healthy. I won't go anywhere else. Forever loyal customer
Way way way overpriced!!  $12 for a burger fries and a drink. F that. In and out is the way to go.
Get doughnuts from the QT up the street, they are fresher, cheaper, and faster.
Awsome good, the bread and herbs rock, and I love the steak marsala. Great service!
Better than subway, jersey mikes and Quiznos!
Arnold Wrap is really good - but I don't think I'll be back soon because $8.50 for a wrap is insane.
probably my favorite burger place, reminds me of long island.
Delicious California influenced Italian Cuisine, the food was good but it wasn't mind blowning. However, it's an experience and I would recommend trying Giada's. \n\nThe restaurant is impressive and the space is beautiful definitely a nice place to check out even if you don't dine here.
The employees have no idea what they are doing. It took them literally 30 minutes to fax one document. And then it didn't even go through. Avoid this location at all costs.
Been here multiple times, food is very enjoyable, great selection of beers on tap and in bottle.  However, I went lastnight and asked for a table outside, and the hostess said there was a 45 minute wait.  I went outside and counted 17 open tables.  I went elsewhere.
I'll eat here in a pinch. Noting great, nothing too horrible.
Thank you Rob and company for making my day today. Anyone looking for a Rolex, Patek or any other beautiful watch should look no further than Hamra. They have everything, are passionate and knowledgeable, and extraordinarily helpful. Very happy with my experience and Rolex purchase today.
Very good delicious . Nice service fresh ingredients. Fair price. Good portions.\nDowntown Dan
Usually fast service. This place is in need of a remodel and some up keeping in cleanliness. You would think its a nice place bc it's in a nice residential area but nope. Get it together UmC and don't be soooo cheap.
Wish i could give them 10 stars! I have used a half a dozen carpet cleaners over last several years. None of them compare to a list! Carpets perfectly cleaned. They even got a coffee stain out! Look forward to their next visit. Very professional and arrived on time!
I love myself a hotdog every now and then. Coming from Chicago I heard of this place when I moved here and there great hotdogs.  I am just not a fan, the hotdog was nothing great and it was even on the lukewarm side. I'll have to find another place to fill my hotdog cravings.
The only good thing about this place is the view, though on a sunny day, the white table reflecting the sun in your eyes makes it difficult to see. Sadly the drinks (cocktails) are bad, the staff are awful.
A bit slow, and if I am honest, not worth the wait. I had the famous Philly cheesesteak sandwich , mine must have come from Denver.
Portions are small compared to other Thai restaurants in the area overall its good food (ordered the pad Thai )
do not go here !  they must have their family writing reviews because the pizza I  ordered was cold and inedible.  do not know if they can get a delivery out in less than an hour cause mine was much longer.  this is NOT good new York style pizza, im from Brooklyn and no new Yorker would serve this crap
heard of this place through my boss. we decided to try it and we loved it. sushi/sashimi is always fresh. great service.
Wow, their gelato is so good! The ladies there were very helpful and  let me sample many of their favors. Bought some macaroons from them too! Highly recommend!
I just don't understand how there are so many good reviews. It's average in taste, impossible to find, and offers a very limited variety of food. Wasted my time coming here I think.
Horrible!!! Avoid this place! The service is bad, we never received our food which may be a good thing since i saw multiple tables send their food back. Do yourself a favor and drive across the parking lot to Whiskey Rose.
3 strikes and out. Tried it 3 times. Food has been mediocre to bad. Way overpriced
This place doesn't have over 2000 reviews and 4 stars for no reason.  Service is great.  Food is great and location is wonderful.  \n\nVery romantic and enjoyable dinner was had here!
Another cheap sushi buffet place. My friends were all praise abt this place before I  tried it myself. Sushi is below average but worth the buffet price. Filled my hungry stomach but  not satisfied with taste. For three, bill was $29.15 on Saturday lunch buffet, which is cheap.
This is the best location in Phoenix and second is the 16th and Camelback location. I always get the carnet asada burrito or a carne asada taco with bean burrito. It's delicious every time! \n\nFood is consistent and good. The beans are amazing!
\"Night club\" suggests place to dance. This is really an overpriced bar, with an obnoxious line, way overpriced boozed and a non existent dance floor - ugly and awful vegas at its worst!
Normally I'm really happy with this Fedex location. I had a HORRIBLE experience here this morning with the Assistant Manager, who provided a textbook example of enforcing policy without purpose.\n\nUnhappy.
This is the worst walk-in clinic ever. I got here when they opened and 2 1/2 hours later....still haven't seen anyone.  Absolutely ridiculous. I will never use this clinic again. If you want to waste your time and sick time, this is the place for you.
Had a $25 gift card that I went to redeem for lunch today AND...they are closed.  Cleaning team was there, and they said they are closed forever.
When I am with a group of people. They always prefer to pick Tamba for Indian food. Can't complain. Good Indian food will put you in a good mood ;)
Very good coffee, excellent customer service, cool atmo, reasonable pricing! Today was our first visit...and will be our first of many!
This is my third time seeing Mamma Mia and this version at the Tropicana was by far my favorite- loved the cast! Amazing night!
Came here twice, BEST TACO EVER! Taco will never taste the same again....(lol, extreme but true, unless you have another location you can recommend in LA. I'm all ears) boyfriend and I are still seaeching for a replacement we can enjoy in LA.
It took 30 mins for 2 pieces of uni. The hell.. never again. And the place wasn't even busy.
Delicious! Small hole in the wall, slow service but owned and operated by the cutest little couple! Your in for a treat here!
Employees are not the most helpful.  Always trying to sell more to you when you have clearly stated you dont want it or you dont want to pay that much for a product...Cant complain too much about the products themselves.  I prefer Sephora.......
The girl behind the counter with her hair in a bun has some of the nicest cans I've ever seen... I wish she was here illegally and needed papers.... I'd marry her in a second...
Went in at lunch time. They couldn't get our order right. They weren't on top of how much of the brewed tea was available and the restroom didn't have towels in it.
Booked a table for 1 through Opentable. When I got there, I was told they would seat me at the bar because the tables were reserved for family style dinner and the portions are designed for sharing food. Ridiculous argument. If I book a table through Opentable, I expect a table, not a barstool.
Worst bar ever! Full of old middle aged people the staff is rude and uptight ! It's always empty on the weekends which says aloe about this place. I have given this place a few chances never pleased . I rather go to zipps
Good place to eat...they do not have soups and the layout is kind of weird because the bar is on the left and very small with tons if seating on the right. The pastas are good but the steak in the pasta was a bit too undercooked. The service was excellent.
I'm afraid the genius of Wing Lei's tastes and textures was too subtle for my over-stimulated palette. Had the duck tasting menu and enjoyed a few of the dishes but didn't find any remarkable.
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!! \nI got the tacu plate and it was so good! \nThe service was slow. But the food made up for it. \nDefinitely will be going back just to get the food! Yum!
I liked the service here. The waiter was super friendly, kept refilling my sweet tea and asked how I was doing.  The food was ok, the pork ribs were just moist enough to be satisfying.  Loved the sweet potatoes! with butter and sugar.  The slaw was above average and for $10 I'd come back :)
I have mixed feelings about this place...I just don't have the sweet tooth to appreciate it but one of my best friend always drags me here for dessert so I have grown to like this place. The creeps are good.
Good food. Good ambience. Very healthy. Nice selection of tea and lemonade.  Disgustingly small portions though. Good spot for a LIGHT lunch.
Great experience with them last night. The driver was right on time, the car was spotless and impressive looking, everyone I dealt with at the company was very friendly and professional. Their prices include tax, tip and all other fees so there were no surprise charges at the end of the night. I would use their services again!
The food is excellent here and it's never too crowded. Lunch prices are reasonable, but dinner is pricey.\n\nWe really enjoy ourselves here.
Good food with lots of flavor. The quality of the chicken was good and tender. The service was friendly and attentive. Nice people serving good food. I had the chicken sag. It was very fresh with a blend of spices really bringing out its flavor.
I had a really nice experience here.  The woman helping us was very kind and easy going.  I had a large group with me and that didnt seem to be an issue at all.  Tried on many different styles and bought my dress the same day!  Low stress, just what I was looking for!
Ok. Staff is not friendly at all. Often coffee canisters are empty. Surprisingly long wait for a toasted bagel (5+ minutes). They never clean toaster or slicer so every bagel you get tastes like onion. So if you buy a dozen, I'd recommend slicing them at home.
Amazing Lunch!!   Would highly recommend this place.  The Docs Choice Sandwich was awesome.   Homemade pretzel bun with turkey and house made chipotle aioli was incredible.   I'm definitely coming back!
This particular Goodwill store is always a mess.  Rarely can I find what I'm looking for, with decent quality, but I have found a few things worth while.  If I have the chance to go to a Goodwill farther away I will, even though this is the closest to me.
So far, this is the best sandwich joint I've had in Vegas.  I had the turkey ruben and although it had a little too much sourkraut for my liking, it was tasty.  I was also impressed with the salad bar selection.
Good drink specials, excellent chips and salsa.   We sat on the deck on the 2nd floor and had great people watching.   The staff was nice and helpful with seating us.   The dinners were good, not great.  But everything else made up for it.
\"The guys are great! Want a good deal go see them for great used bikes. I would recommend them to my friends and family. Thanks guys! Shaun I bought a bike for my son Chris... Free Agent.\"
Which Wich.\nWhere do I begin. The subs are fantastic, the service and location are great, and  the milkshakes, holy cow! I will be coming back a lot. So good!
Crab BLT was a big disappointment.  Why did they chop the bacon into little pieces which kept falling off the sandwich?  Crab cakes had little flavor.  Mac &cheese was ordinary.  Overpriced considering the lack of quality.
Delicious and fresh sushi!! The staff were friendly and funny! Will def be coming back!!
Potbelly makes good but messy sandwiches. Service is good and its fast.
This place was great, the resort fee is for the use of the spa and is so worth it, my wife and I went every day. The rooms are big and really comfortable. I will stay there again!!
Be aware that they are no longer accepting the restaurant.com certificates. The food was decent but not great for the price with out the discount. We were disappointed at the change in policy since our certificate had already been purchased.
The best burrito we have ever tried. Staff was soooo friendly what a treat to have something so wonderful and authentic right around the corner. Love love love it.
Went there with my wife. Neither of us liked our meal. My burger was extremely fatty. I was constantly removing cartilage/fat pieces from my mouth. It was disgusting.
I Like it...Good bar on a FRIDAY night, If you like it a little ghetto..I don't care who is there and people don't bother me, I just enjoy the music, tilt a few back and smoke a cigar
Don't go for healthy, go for tasty comfort food. Great pancakes. Expect a long wait on weekends!
I have purchased take out twice over the last two weeks. Great customer service and tasty Spicy Italian sub.
Don't make your customers walk to the back of the store to get your own brand of water! Fry's in Phoenix puts plenty of water cases in the front of the store! It's a DESERT!!
This KMart is pretty sickening.  There is always clothing all over the store and the place looks stuck in the 80s.  The cafe looks like a disgusting carnival booth that you could get food poisoning from!  The garden center is open only half the time and you can never find anything here.
Order two slices of the Ziggy's Favorite (sausage, pepperoni and fresh basil) with a side of marinara...fuggedaboudit..you'll be in pizza heaven
I would highly recommend classic catering for any occasion. The food and service was incredible.  They will definitely be hearing from me again!!  Thank you for a wonderful experience.
Best smoothie and wraps! So happy I'm not stuck going to tropical smoothie anymore! This place is so much better and fresh! The wait is kind of long but totally worth it!
This place is a cluster f$@k and Dale Jr should be ashamed. Staff had no clue of what they had, there's no drink menu and no one working could actually tell you what they even had in the place. Ridiculous!
This waiter was rude and didnt even care about our service. was off on his cell phone most of the time... I guess this is what you get for pretty much the only restaurant in the airport.\nThe Banana Margarita was actually really good.
I saw the Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes show. It was a fun experience. I do not like the 2 drink minimum. It is a fun venue.
Their dumplings are great. But everything else tastes like something you could find in the freezer section at the grocery store. Not to mention we waited over 30 minutes for our to-go order. I would understand if it was really busy or something but we were the only ones there.
This show was so much fun! We danced, we laughed and had a great time! There were 7 of us in our party and everyone had a great time, even my daughter who is 23 and didn't think she would know any of the songs. They interact with the crowd too which is nice. I would go again!
Waffles were tasty.  If you build your own it can get a bit pricey.  Ambience is cute.  This neighborhood needs places like this.
Went here for a quick lunch and was totally satisfied. The Reuben was one of the best I've had in town!
This place is a staple for my wife and I for a quick lunch or snack.\n\nOur favorites, and what keeps us going back is the goat cheese pizza and the truffled potatoe chips with blue cheese.  Wash it all down with a Stella and end up happy, happy.
Service was fine but the worst corn beef hash I have ever had. Really ruined the whole meal. The server was polite but didn't seem to know what to do. There are so many better options around here.
Aweful service ! Anyone come to bring us service for at least 20 minutes when the place are almost empty ! The waitress droop all our overpriced  drinks! :/
Very friendly, very helpful and close to my home.  If they weren't jabbing me with needles every week I'd give them five stars.
This place isn't even worth 1 star.  Went here because it was the only option right before I saw the Beatles Love show. I would have been more satisfied at McDonald's!! This prices here are OUTRAGEOUS! The food was bland and unsatisfying. Not worth the $50 I spent.
Food was hot and tasty. Loved it!
This place had good food and great staff.
Great lobster and steak special. Check the station website for deals. The head basket was heavenly and our waiter was great.
These guys sell some good a** frybread! Fish tacos are delish too. Haven't tried much else since we usually only go when we want frybread.
Better than most of other Pakistani restaurants. Sometimes they are weird with their servings burn the hell out of food pr serving is too less.
These people are gonna change the world. Better believe it.
Horrible service in graveyard shift! Not once, not twice, not third but many times they made errors in drive thru. The moment we left the place, some things in our orders were missing. Not sure if these crews were high or just whatever kids lol
Early flights in and out quick.
Pretty good combination pizza. Always see the same regulars here.. Awkward $1 extra for to go orders.. Lol  nice bartenders
I went back here again today since I was lounging around on my day off and got 2 cheeseburgers, just as good as usual 'animal style'
Trying the Ultimate Burrito w/ Green Sauce
Great decor and large, expansive areas. Lots of stained glass and multiple seating areas. Close to table games and video poker at the bar. A great meeting location when visiting Sunset Station.
Expensive - burger is bland, no flavor.  Decor and patio are nice and fit for the area.  Service was good.  Food is not worth the price.
The fish quality at Makino is not very good. For their sashimi, the fish cuts were of low grade and the color Of the tuna was very pale. Their rolls are all very saucy and the fish in it tends to be soggy too.
The food isn't as good as it use to be and neither is the service. I go there since they have a gluten-free menu, but I have been disappointed the last few times I went there. The bartender has no personality whatsoever. She only seems to be nice to the people she knows.
Best music shop in all of Arizona. An icon in downtown Mesa. They have thousands and thousands of instruments and offer affordable classes for aspiring musicians.
To die for Chicago style deep dish pizza!! This is the ONLY pizza place that I will eat deep dish pizza at! We order here once a week and have NEVER been disappointed!! This is definitely our go to pizza joint!!
Ed did an Excellent job fixing  my iPhone's shattered screen. I was also shocked how cheap it was! Would highly recommend this place!
It is the best tapas place that I have ever experienced. I really want to drive back down to have it some more....
Great food but felt overpriced when we got the bill.  We shared several appetizers and a drink each (2 couples) and it ended up being about $60/couple.
A full hour to fill a prescription. Seriously? I'll go somewhere else next time.
Best pizza in the East Valley that i've found yet.
This is a place for the highend vintage shopper. Its pretty expensive, but I will say the store is pretty kick ass inside.  If you don't have patients or you're new to driving, do not park in front of their building. The only way to get out is to back up onto central avenue!
standard menu-- all the dishes we ordered lacked seasoning, as did our server. \n\nnot the greatest concept, fox.
Better than in- n- out for sure!!! Double bacon cheeseburger with mushrooms is amazing!!! Can't believe this place has so many bad reviews!!! Minus one star bc their fries suck!!!
The only place open past midnight
Wow I got a email from a worker from this place! I shall not go back there I was not planning on it! I was told if I wanted beer or wine go somewhere eles! Wow It looks like I am going to have to block this person!
I have heard of this place having long lines and being delicious and although I live in LA i have never been so I tried it when I went to Vegas and it was not good. My friend assured me that they are better in LA.
Great for a quick Blizzard fix. My son loves the burgers I haven't tried the food besides the blizzard
Great concept, Great food, Great Atmosphere...\n\nDamn Great store!
Excellent food, great staff. Been here 3 times and love it. Fantastic atmosphere. Vegetarian options for the girl! Will be back many times!
Expensive,  smallish sandwiches which are delivered light fast.  $17.95 for 2 sandwiches is pricey in my opinion.
Really fast service, no problem customizing dishes to different dietary needs or tastes.  Beet salad and lobster fettucini were favorites.
The bacon board is insane! Do yourselves a favor and get one! The moonshine cocktails are incredible. Beef brisket was divine. The happy hour is great but to truly enjoy the place I would plan on spending about 30 per person.
Yes, this place is fast, but the front desk staff suck at customer service. The most unfriendly girls full of attitude. I will not come to this location ever again.
Huge portions and a variety of omelets one does usually not see anywhere else. Spuds are tasty,omelet was bland. Service was nice.
YES!, all you can eat sushi, appetizers and entrees, all brought right to your table! It's like the ultimate lazy-mans buffet. They give you an order form and you can keep ordering and ordering...
Had dinner here last week because i had a coupon for $20.00 I was pretty hungry, but to my surprise the food wasn't even good. I didn't eat much because the quality of the food didn't taste good to me at al. I just wasted my money eating here. I wouldn't eat here again.
The ramen and crispy shrimp ball are very delicious. Good place! Good food! Definitely we will come back.
My son loves their chicken katsu, and I love their garlic shrimp.  Friendly staff, accessible location.  Malasadas are good but pricey.  2 stars deducted for other food not being as good.
I die for this place.............
Nouveau resto dans le quartier\n\nApr\u00e8s quelques semaines, ce restaurant est maintenant ferm\u00e9.
This is my first time to taste risotto. Shrimp risotto is devious. Another serving is Bone marrow with coarse salt. My husband likes very much. The first taste is very good, but after I eat much, I feel a little greasy.
Food was very good and very artfully presented. Service was very slow and the music was really loud. I also thought the prices were way too high. ~$18 per sushi roll is exorbitant.
This location is actually why I switched back to Walgreens after so many years. The one a block away. I agree with the other reviews. Pharmacy is just plain rude. Horrible customer service.
I used to love this place. This last visit I never got a chance to eat. Waited 30 minutes for a small pizza that never came. Not one word from the staff about any kind of delay either
I went looking for a puffy taco like I'd find in San Antonio, TX. Close but not the same. Indian fry bread was a little breadier than I hoped for but still pretty darn good!
I liked the smushed burger. It's crispy, and I enjoy things that are crispy. Staff is friendly, place is clean. Good fast food place that doesn't have a drive thru.
Great food. Worst service of all time.  They rarely get it right. Root Beer float ordered 3 times in 3 visits. Meal came without float twice got it 15 minutes later after asking. Once float came without meal. Had to request meal 15 minutes later.
Sadly, the West Washington store closed :-(
We had a blast. It's a pretty awesome awesome see the strip. Our pilot, Chris, was awesome. The whole staff was great and the place was clean.
It gets no better. If your looking for spectacular soul food, EllaEm's is the spot. If you're in the Las Vegas area, make time to stop by this place. EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing. I can't speak highly enough of this place.
Just checked this place out recently and had a great experience. We ordered the Spicy crispy noodles and the chicken pad thai. Both meals were really good w/ generous portions.
Service has improved quite a bit. This is one of the best breakfast burritos downtown. My suggestion: green chili beef with potatoes and cheese, if they aren't too busy they can grill the burrito for you.
This place is a joke. The staff are too busy talking to each other and when they finally get around to assisting you, they show no patience, knowledge of their products or interest in making a sale.
Rio has ruined a great breakfast. Food is not the same as the original. Food was cold service is poor. Go to the free standing spot not in a casino.
Awful.  Worst grocery store I've ever been to.  To make it worse, they are supposed to open at 7.  At 7:10, I was told they were \"still getting ready to open\" and I should come back \"around 7:30\"
A nice, small Italian restaurant in the Brookdale Plaza on Rocky River off I-485, it has great Veal Parmigiana and all kinds of pizzas.  It's a very inexpensive getaway and Frank Sinatra lovers will definitely frequent the place because his songs are constantly being played. Ask for Holly to be your waitress.
.45\u00a2 an ounce... Huge cups that look like the smallest is 16 oz.  Lots of flavors.  Cup divider?  That's a waste.
Last Friday I ordered smoked catfish tacos which were tasty but all too messy to eat with my fingers.\n\nThe food was fine, however may i suggest silverware be provided to each patron just in case the food is messy.\n\nThe service left me cold.
This place is spectacular. I had an everything bagel with egg, bacon and American cheese. Not too filling, reasonably priced. I'll definitely be back here soon.
Very confusing... North South 1,2,3 or 4 and where do I pick up the rent a car shttle.  I do like the close car waiting areas but pay attention or you'll be looping around alot.
Good italian food. $14 sounded expensive for pasta at first but when i tried them they are not like one of those from olive garden. Had lots of flavor. Service was great too. The place was not too busy and it was nice atmosphere to relax w my GF. Will come back.
It's a nice space and the staff is very nice.\n\nI had my hair cut and colored and I was disappointed.  I was expecting more.  I went somewhere else and I am now happy.
Average food. But it us a good place to go for this little kids. Good variety if rides for most ages below 15.
The food is good, but over priced.  The staff is not knowledgeable and my server had a large tattoo on his neck and a biker mustache.  He was just very dirty.  TFK  please hire a classier wait staff.
A lot of hype, but the food and service were just okay. It's been a while, so I think it is due for another chance.
Lou Gordon and his team made the car buying experience one of the best experiences I have ever had. If you are thinking about buying a new or used mercedes I would highly recommend Lou and his team!
Today's service was hit or miss....came in for lunch special and it took 25 minutes for the food. I should of sat at the bar for ayce.....would of gave it more stars but lack service.
Wife loves the schezuan beef soup and fried rice. Good Chinese food that's somewhat authentic. Price is somewhat steep $35 for noodle soup and fried rice.
A huge disappointment. Paid $100 for the worst Benedict and a miserable salad bar. Will not be returning!
Kofusion is a fun restaurant.  The service has always been above average, and the $1 sushi is very tasty. I wish the regular dinner menu was a bit more expansive. Also, I wish that they offered the sample sushi platter (that is offered during dollar sushi nights) on their regular menu throughout the week.
khittie has changed her tune about hanny's. khittie likes hanny's now. their drinks are yummy. they make an almost perfect cosmo. their onion strings are awesome. meow! go there.
I tried to eat here one day and when I walked up to the door DURING BUSINESS hours and tried to open it the woman rudely told me that they were 'clearly not open' because they were having a meeting. I live right around the corner from you guys and you certainly won't be getting my business!
Simply amazing.the food was so God, and the service was perfect. 5 stars all the way.
The Food was good!  Service staff were weak!     Good beer and food.    It's always the people who bring the dinning down!   Good luck next time!
Great place to buy your car,honest sales rep,great car choices they inspect all their cars very well before they put it on sale.They give you always a great service,nice carwash on Saturdays the used car sales manager he is the man always will give you honest opinion and very nice guy.
Fastest sub I ever had. However the sub was not good. Ive had better subs at the supermarket. Not much else to say. Ordered here twice, two different subs and it was the same both times.
Wonderful flatbread items. I love their flatbread and almost feel like buying for home. Their ingredients seem fresh and food is never greesy but still yummy :)
Excellent food! Great prices....\nI love the #6 Steak and kobedah( ground Beef) with rice and salad. About $10
Excellent shawarma and kibbeh. Staff was friendly and very welcoming. We'll certainly be coming back to enjoy more of the delicious food.
Good service and friendly staff. My girlfriend took my laptop here when it crashed. I got it back running faster then ever and with newer software. They even gave me a better battery that runs longer. I will be coming back here for sure
It was alright. If you need something quick and close it will do in a pinch. Agree with others that the lack of sauce is disappointing. Egg roll was like any other. Nothing too special. The steamed veggies were pretty fresh and crisp so that was a plus.
What a welcome to Scottsdale! Great food, great service and a place that made us relax and enjoy our family time.  Michael made sure everything was served up the way we wanted and the nachos...I couldn't believe their size!!!
Beautiful! The Bellagio Conservatory is a must see for anyone visiting Vegas. As a Hawaii resident, LAS is a home away from home for island folks. We stopped by in Nov 2008 to take in the fall displays. Amazing use of natural products. It was a nice way to kick-off the holiday season.
Very friendly and responsive staff! Took my car in for an oil change and a safety check. Everything checked out and they didn't try to upsell me on things I didn't need. I definitely appreciate the honesty and integrity. I will be retuning to this shop in the future!
I'm so glad we have a liquor store so close. If not for Darren's eagle eye, I wouldn't have known about it. They have a wide selection, and the people working here are nice. They had exactly what I was looking for.
45 minutes for undercooked macaroni (so called tiger shrimp pasta)\n cheese platter came with plastic wrap around pieces of cheese\n my favorite drink had literally 10% of liquor and the rest was ice \n ...wanted to impress my boyfriend with some classy Italian food, so I did!
Checked into our room and went with kids to the pool. The hot tub had black water in it. No kidding. You couldn't see the bottom of the tub. The water smelled disgusting like smelly feet. How can staff not know what is going on in their hotel!  We won't be back.
Very nice hotel with great services, stores and room service.
This bar is adorable. And its a Steelers bar, which makes my boyfriend extra happy:) Great place to go watch football as they have the NFL package!
Is it me or has Benny's been converted to a non cigar friendly BBQ restaurant with no awesome deals and no hot dog stand?
The people were helpful and the service was quick. I would absolutely go here again! The happy hour is great! There were a variety of different rolls to choose from
This was my first and last time eating here. The food was gross. The bbq chicken was cold. The dinner rolls were burnt at the bottom.  I just stuck to the vegetables I thought you can't go wrong with something that comes from a can.
What a great show!! If you like the 80's you will love this show. We were front and center and loved every minute of it!! I will go again with friends!!
A lunch spot that can replace dragon and dragon house buffet!!
Best Burger we had here. I ordered the surf and turf. It was delicious. I ordered sweet potato fries and they were good well. My boyfriend ordered the buffalo burger. It was pricey but what do you expect for quality burgers in Mandalay Bay.
My carpets look amazing!  Thank you Gene.  You and your brother Ryan did a fantastic job.  My carpets have never looked better.  you guys showed up on time for both the estimate and appointment.  I will def. use you guys again in the future and pass out your cards!!!
Quality food.  We enjoy the Sunday evening special. Some of our favorites are Gobi Manchurian, paneer tikka masala, the mixed tandoori plate. The staff is very friendly. The atmosphere is typical to many indian restaurants. The decor is simple.
This place is a gem! The food is awesome!
I really liked the large menu variety and all of the vegetarian food but unfortunately my carnivorous husband did not enjoy this place very well. Cozy little place.
Solid pub, good food. Super friendly staff! Recommend. We split appetizers as we were pub crawling, but didn't make any difference in the way we were treated. Good choice for pints and a light supper.
This place is so good. It is a little expensive and the water tasted weird. But the food was AMAZING. The ham and brie panini is my favorite. Someone sitting next to us on the sidewalk patio was eating a crepe that looks good. I am going to go back and try that too.
I was disappointed in my breakfast.  The coffee was terrible.  The eggs were average. And the service was well below average. Not a place I would go back to.
Great food, Great service and enjoyed the atmosphere. I don't often get the meatloaf, but decided to try it here. VERY GOOD!\n\nNice job to all of the staff.....very friendly!!
I don't often go with my boys to the strip clubs nearer downtown and this place is why! Horrible and smelled really bad. There was one nice girl there n wish I could remember her name. The 2 stars are for her!
Wonderful. Food as good as the big brother without the white table cloths. Will certainly be back.
Too much salt on everything. Reviews overrate it. Best atmosphere by day. Night feels more like sports & spirits bar.
Had lunch here...\n\nbasically, huge, shareable portions of comfort food done well (with the exception of their sticky rice, which is more like a pasty mush).
LOVED this place! First time stopping by here tonight. We shared the steak and catfish entree. Haven't had a steak that juicy in a long time! Cooked to perfection!! Can't wait to come back and try the snow crab.
Just to let everyone know, I was contacted via Yelp by the manager who offered an apology and to make things right.  There needs to be more people like that.
Like this place it was chill and drink prices were great. Great for groups but I went during a week day say it was kind if slow but they had a great bar tender! They also have paper view fights so that is awesone!
The server was okay. My brother'a burger was over cooked. The fish in the fish & chips was good. Over priced for quality.
Happy birthday to myself enjoying Bruschetta and vino tinto. Great ambiance and wonderful Food.
Great breakfast, brunch, lunch place if you're travelling along I-17. (Anthem exit). Organic, local ingredients make for delicious, healthy food. Can't wait to go back!
We went there 15 minutes before the store closed and they already stopped letting people in. When I asked for the manager who name was Bob he just said Happy Thanksgiving. Poor leader. Even the employees were shaking their heads at him.
If you are mexican (/americian) - do not eat here. you will be very disappointed. everything was very bland.
Raunchy but well worth it! One of the best shows I have seen on the strip. Don't miss this one.
Tried this place thru Groupon since it was close to my work. Rice was undercooked and I had scale in the spicy Tuna roll. Overall, sushi and rolls weren't tasteful much.
I don't like the food.\nA tattooed girl works here, though.\nAnd they're impressive.
This place has the worst service i ever experianced. Food is good. They need a manager to run this place and train staff
Disappointing  obviously has not been maintained (upgraded) since it opened in 1998\nUnderstaffed for game day \nFood was cold an service was slow\nLast time here
It is so loud I can't hear my family that is talking at my table. I like music.... But when you can't have conversation at dinner it's too loud!
I wrote Caesar's customer service about my terrible experience and referenced this review. Amazingly 4 useful votes disappeared that very day. Wonder how much they pay for that kind of service?
Like everybody else, a nice 5 stars for this event.\n\nI had tons of fun tasting new varieties of coffee I wouldn't normally test on my regular days. And the tiny donuts, oh my! I just couldn't stop myself.\n\nThank you for this nice night!
Not bad for the price. The show was entertaining enough. I don't like the seating arrangement and prefer an more theater arrangement. Also, the place and the casino in general was very run down and smoky.
The best Buffet on the strip, pricey but you pay for what you get and the food is top shelf, chefs are top shelf, waite staff outstanding.  You expect the best from this place this was a very enjoyable experience.
A chain, only one in WI.  Before our food arrives it really resembles a Claim Jumpers.  But it is brewery too.  I am trying a Bock & Wheat.\nFood and service excellent.\nVery high level casual!  We will be back next time in Madison!
Fastest delivery time you have ever seen. The Italian Nite club and their Tuna sandwich are always their best. I work in the area and its hard to get food delivered in a timely manner. They are always reliable.
Had the Walu (Hawaiian butterfish), and was excellent.  Sushi was good, my friends said best ever, I thought more average.  Rock shrimp appetizer also average.  Wait staff was excellent.
Great local spot.
We ordered two combos...\ntthe refried beans were a bit watery-other than that it was pretty average. The rice was pretty good. The meals were under $15.00 for two people.
Poorest customer service I've ever seen in not just the restaurant industry but in any service.  Manager was unbelievably rude.  Will never go back next time I'm in Champaign and hope nobody else makes the mistake of going here.
Go there if you have lots of energy and time. Don't expect much from the food area on the bottom floor past the checkouts. Not nice folk working there. Everyone else is nice though, and helpful.
You're paying for the view.  We came here for a weekend breakfast.  I expected more from the Wynn, but was disappointed by the mediocrity. Good thing I got a $50 dining credit from the hotel.
Sheesh. This place was half empty today and they took an hour to bring me the wrong dish. Baked chicken on Caesar salad. The chicken was cooked very well, but the romaine lettuce was sloppy and old.
We enjoyed the tour and the appreciation session - and the rooms with all the whiskys. I could tell my mom loved it b/c she kept asking me to take photos...of everything! I am squarely a Lowlands guy. You?
I came into this location for dinner with some friends and they had no food ready to go, when the cashier asked the cook to do it he gave a lot of attitude and then started to make the food 3 minutes later.
NEVER HAVE ANY BAGELS... Wtf else are you good for einsteins? It is Saturday at 10AM you should NOT be out of all the good bagels. LIKE ALWAYS. Get it together.
Fresh squeezed orange juice... Check. Not many places offer this and it is a definate plus. Got the chicken fried steak with country potatoes. Very good and filling for the price. A frequent stop for me for breakfast on the weekends
Not that big on stock of things, but the few things I did find where at a very reasonable price. This wouldn't be a on the way back to Los Angeles stop but for the 20 mins I was here I manage to stock up on some Tinkerbell items all for under $40.00
Friendly service, great prices, best Mex in Maricopa
This is a wonderful place to get a reasonably priced meal that is fresh and tasty.  Really glad I found this place.  Owner is very nice and I really wish them all the success because I hope to make this my go to restaurant for girl's nights and family nights.
This was an outstanding dining experience! The food as well as the service was top notch. I highly recommend the Old Fashioned bourbon cocktail and the green bean dish. Delicious.
Came here with a friend food was so yummy, I believe I ate the tuna poke it was delicious!
Freaky golfing from the third story without falling off. Definitely try it at night with the lighted holes. Private parties are fun and the food is so good you would swear they didn't actually cook it there, but they do.
I follwed my Shannon to this salon. I've never had such an honest, skilled, fun, talented hair stylist. \nShannon is easy to get a hold of regardless time of day and schedules your appointments around you. I will never have another stylist do my hair again! Thanks girl!
Beautiful ambiance, fantastic service, delicious food, and a personal toast from the owner was a great touch!
How cinemas should be! Three seat sofas for two, free pringles chips (yes chips, not crisps!) and big bottles of beer, heaven. I saw the King's Speech over the weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it on 2 fronts...a great movie bound for glory and a great setting in which to experience it.
Terrible customer service- did not answer their phone when I called for the status of my truck. I was quoted one price and charged more. Never called when my vehicle was done- would not recommend this place to anyone!!!
Horrible customer service. Below average messages. Find another place, it will be worth frustration.\nPaul Y
We brought our BMW for a simple repair they gave it back to us undriveable and wouldn't help rectify the problems that they caused. We finally took it to another shop and had to pay thousands to fix the problems that goodspeed caused. Go elsewhere.
I use to like Cold Stone but no anymore. I always get gummy bears in my ice cream, but they only put a few in there; literally 2 gummy bears for a medium ice cream. It's annoying.
Great shop, great service! They also provide you decent discounts on titles you buy regularly. The place may be a little hard to find the first time, but after that you'll surely go back!
Website shows restaurant is open until 10pm ... Yelp shows its open until 930pm. Went to restaurant at 9:10pm doors were closed/locked ! Get your restaurant hours on various websites straight.
First time in visiting here, the food was good but its not worth a second visit after the terrible and rude service we got.
The food is over priced bar food. I ordered the queen cut prime rib ($26) & couldn't finish it because it was so tough. The cheap $12.99 prime rib dinners Downtown are better. We don't come here often but when we do I'm reminded why we don't :(
Yummy, delicious, fresh food.  Definitely worth the price.
oh my gawd.. I love the robo duck truck. such amazing and tasty treats! be sure and try the taco nauts!! yummm! definitely coming back for more! #taconaut @vegaslife
This is definitely my go-to ramen shop.  I really wish the venue was bigger but I guess the size of the establishment is part of the charm.  I like adding the egg and corn to my tonkatsu, shio and shoyu ramen.
Club sucks..... They let too many people in and the security sucks. Worst experience ever. I felt bad for the people that didn't have VIP because it is impossible to get drinks.
It's alright, but i think Bass Pro Shop is more fun.  They have about the same type of things, similar prices too.
I think this place closed. There's a notice on the door that says \"Notice of Bankruptcy Chapter 7\"
The food is good, but they charge $.70 extra to add cheese to anything. Ridiculous! The nickel and diming people over a sprinkle of cheese is outrageous... Could deter me from coming back at this point when I can go somewhere else for the same price and not get charges for small extras.
Disliked this place! The hostess was SO rude. When I asked for a booth, I got ATTITUDE, i.e. a MAJOR eyeroll. The hamburger basket was well-priced and no good. Burgers are usually a tasty vice - and here they were a chore.
Horrible food.  I mean I wasnt expecting much, it was an airport restaurant, but I was extremely underwhelmed. I ordered the nachos, figured you really cant go wrong there.  I was wrong.  The meat was bland, chips were stale, cheese wasnt melted.  Overall it was blah!
Gel manicures RARELY last longer than a week. Technicians are more interested in people's personal lives rather than giving good customer service. I have an infection in my one cuticle because of their \"please let us make it up to you\" manicure. NEVER AGAIN!
Actually, it seems to be on the last Sunday of every month now--you'll need to check their website for dates: http://www.chaiyacmm.org/\nIt's well worth it to find this event! Every time we go, there are a few different things.
Sandwiches are good here and the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are the best!  The frozen lemonade is disgusting, it's dairy based, WTH?  I left it on the table. Too nasty!  Otherwise for fast food deli this place is A OK!
Great food, Great beer and the best service in Henderson!! Had terrible service 1 time. That was the only time I  saw that server, so management is obviously paying attention. ALL the rest of the servers are great!!! And HAPPY HOUR is truly HAPPY!!!!
The only thing I tried was the hot chocolate, which was good, nothing breathtaking .... the same as 7-11 to me. However the smell inside was AMAZING. The chocolate looks sooooo good, but VERY expensive. 2 chocolate covered preztels $5.75.....
If the walk up window is closed they force you to order at the bar and charge you more. Not happy.
Food was great. Service was terrible. The employee in charge of the drive thru today was very rude. Sounded very unfriendly while taking order. When we got to the window, she shoved the food to us and shut the window. No words whatsoever.
Just got take out.....Awesome! !!! If you have not tried Vietnamese food, try this place. The inside is very clean and the service is great. They accidentally gave me 2 large soups but said not to worry they did not charge for it. Highly recommended
Not too keen on this place. Pricing is way too high considering the quality of the material used to make the clothes. The jeans especially!
My new favourite place! Very homely, very relaxing ! Picture it,  fairy lights, a comfy couch to snuggle up on, a steaming pot of tea and a delicious homemade cake! An afternoon well spent!
Avg. Not terrible. I had the larb... It was close to delicious.
I've been using AZ Pet Stylist for almost a year for my poodle mixes, Ruvo and Harry, after having a negative experience at a large chain groomer. The Owner and staff are so friendly, and always do a great job with our boys.  Won't use anyone else!
Four stars for a hot dog stand, not bad at all.  Had to come try the Char Dog after seeing The Wiener's Circle featured on the Travel Chanel. I can see why their Chicago Style hot dogs are legendary. Counter attendant Daniel was friendly and helpful.A must try.
There were 3 of us and we did a sampling of items on the menu, everything was delicious!
Ughhhhhhh, so disappointed. I love these delectables but the staff needs lessons in food service. I walked in today and all three servers at the counter were scratching their heads, LITERALLY! And had the nerve to step up without gloves and ask for my order. No thank you.
Breakfast review\nAlways have a decent meal and attentive service. \nCould be a little cleaner. Gum on my chair. Tables not cleared in a timely fashion around ours. It was not busy so this should have been easy to accomplish. \nWill not stop me from coming back.
Great lunch specials, their curry dishes are consistent and best Tom Ka Gai I've had in the city. Plus it's the closest asian food to my office..lol
Love the pancakes and omelet here . Adolfo is awesome waiter!!!
This place is pretty hidden. Located in the miracle mile mall. Tuck in a corner of the mall. My gf is in love with this place. For me its good. Good sushi rolls. I only ate 2\nplates. It was like $19.99 or somethig lunch time.
Incredibly greasy even for bar food standards. Grease was dripping off the food and all over your fingers. Just like others reviews server vanished. Bad food and service.
Nothing extraordinary here. Seated our large group outside in the cold when the interior restaurant was empty. Food was decent, same as any other in this chain.
I will never go back!!  Ryan and his office staff are terrible!!!
We had lunch here at hot n juicy before we left vegas and its was delicious. I recommend it if u want great service ,good food and good price. The restaurant was very clean n the staff are very friendly.
I found a bug in my food and was given a \"discount\" of $1.10, when the dish cost $6.99. I'd probably be less upset with the experience if the server was able to communicate with me, or if there really was service even!
I don't know about the best pizza I've ever eaten part. For fast good for your kids type of pizza that you have to bake yourself. I would have to say its pretty decent. They run a clean operation in the two different locations that I have been in.
This is family friendley place w/ huge menu that basically most of them are the same in ingredients. Fresh orange juice as others said is great. The rest is a good example of good basic American brunch. Everything absolutly fine, no fancy, no speciality, just basic trustabke nice eggish breakfast.
I was so happy to find this gelatto/boba spot! The service is great and it has a wonderful neighborhood feel. They have board games on the table comfortable places to sit and talk. They let you try samples of just about every flavor! The cookies and cream gelatto is the best of that flavor in Las Vegas!
Every time I go here I always try something new and I'm hoping one of these times I'll find something I like...to date no luck
Stopped by for breakfast. The food being served to others looked decent but the service was horrible. After three or four waitstaff and at least 20 minutes we got coffee and then were told the kitchen stopped serving breakfast.  The place was not busy and seemed over staffed but apparently clueless about actual service.
i enjoyed their green curry and pad thai here. service was very friendly.
This shop gives the best fades in town.\nBeen following Shorty all around town. Glad to see he can finally call a shop his own. Prices are great and the staff is very friendly.
I live very close to this target so I shop her often. There are many good things about this location-it is very clean and the staff is super friendly. The only thing that I have an issue with is how late this location opens. Because of this I often find myself down the street at Fry's.
Excellent service and the food was amazing. Came in at first opening and had the Scrambler with bacon. Absolutely fantastic.
interesting food and small portions for $$$
The girl that works there is super nice.  Food is pretty good.  :)
This place is awesome!!!!!\n\nDon't forget to get your locals card if you live in Vegas, so you can get 2 for 1 drink specials all of the time.\n\nThey have good food, great servers, and awesome drinks......
I love this place! Great sushi and great service! I have never been disappointed when coming here. The atmosphere is extremely relaxing!
Bananas Foster French Toast and Mimosas on the patio...OMG this alone was worth the trip. We will be back!!! The service was great.
i like their pogo. the sanwich was not bad neither.
The cookies and frostings are super impressive. There's a fine line between too sweet and just right and I think that's where Sweet Tooth Fairy nails it. Their chocolate cookie with chocolate frosting is heavenly.
Decent food but it takes FOREVER to  get it especially when crowded.  It may not look crowded but be careful.  You order and pay and then you realize there are 50 orders in front of you.  And you can't cancel the order. They should tell you that it will be awhile before you order.  I will not return.
It's fine for convenience when with friends in the atrium and I'm not in the mood for Amelie's. I hear the deli sandwiches are really good and a good value. I haven't yet had the chance.
Worst buffet I ever been too in my whole life! Was really disappointed! Nothing had flavor and everything was dry!
The hotel itself if fine.\n\nThe internet is horrible. Most pages won't load, if they do it takes 3-4 minutes.
Typical McDonalds. Nothing special either good or bad.
Absolutely the best Rueben I've had anywhere - and I eat the Rueben almost every time it's on anyone's menu.  Nice array of draught beers.  The place is also very reasonably priced.
Whenever I get my food- it's cold! I don't know why I ever go there?! I keep hoping it'll turn around- like the others. This is expressly a Frosties Only location for me.
The service stammered me. My roommate felt it tasted like rubber. Well the 5 dollars for the large pizza was just the right price.
Simply the best steak sandwich in pittsburgh! The meat is amazing and the staff friendly and helpful. The gentleman working the counter even offered to come around to explain all the chef's homemade sauces to us. I will be back again and again!
I had the lunch special Mini-Pizza while traveling through Tempe.  It was too salty.  Not pleasant.  The ambiance was very noisy.  The service was slow.  I would not go back.
Excellent service, mixed paella totally uninteresting for 50 bucks and luke warm.  Ate here before, pretty much the same mediocre and overpriced food.\n\nGotta love Vegas, they don't get better just pricier.
I love this place! Truffle pizza, lobstar mac and cheese, and duck tacos. The three things needed after a long day of work. Sign me up anytime and everytime....:)
I don't know if it was the great massage I just had next door but the portabella sandwich and sweet potato fries were soooooo good.  And whatever the side of sauce was, yum.  It was awesome on the sandwich and fries.  I'll be back for hh as the ambiance was excellent!!
Best Bagels in The World. Nuff' said
The \"chicken\" was soggy and a little rubbery.  The ice looked like it was icicles from the side of the building (It was winter when went).  The waiter was a friendly guy and very nice, although I'm not sure what is going on with the food...I've never been there since.
This place has really stepped their game up in the past few years. Great bar that has music videos on roll. Great addition.
I would have ordered from this place again if the driver hadn't of scammed me for an extra dollar.  Look at your receipt!
I thought I had written a review for Ichiza.... Great food, great service, great EVERYTHING!\n\nLove it so much had my wedding reception here...need I say more? Lol
Good food. But the atmosphere is boring. The owners have no interest in incorporating culture into the restaurant, so they fill it with bad decorative art. The space gives no invitation to good conversation.
Food was gooooood. I forgot what I ate, but do you really care?
This place has the very best cupcakes in town!!!  The red velvet is a must try for everyone.  Great creamy icing and they're always fresh.  Oh and really great carrot cake cupcakes too. Way better than SAS Cupcakes.
Very friendly salon. I stopped in real quick to get an eyebrow wax and the staff was attentive and genuine. The place is beautifully decorated. I will be returning for a facial.
I received a bouquet for my birthday on 9/23/14 and the flowers are beautiful today on the 29th.  Their flowers are the best and last the longest.  I love this store.
Whoa. Those were some damn good waffles. \n\nI recommend spooning half of the butter off your grits, cause once it melts there's not room in the bowl for the both of them!
Absolutely love Soul! The atmosphere is what makes the place my favorite- the cozy, funky, warm environment of sharing small plates throughout the night encourages conversation and sparks smiles!! :) This is always my #1 go to spot!
Bad service. DO NOT GO THERE. I was disappointed in every way possible. Staff is rude and unwilling to help in any request. Not room cleaning is available. It was a ripoff.
So I am first up in line waiting  for 5 mins no one says a word (will be with u in a moment) I was in line looking like idiot...
Service is way too slow and portions are too small with giant balls of rice to make this outing worth it. Although it's ayce, I felt very limited since they hold out on taking orders because the sushi chef could not handle a medium traffic workload. I would not recommend, the hospitality ruined my night.
We just had the best Saturday morning breakfast prepared by Donna.  Our expectations were exceeded from beginning to end.  Food was wonderful and the service was amazing.  We even received a text later in the day asking how our experience was.  What a great start to our Saturday.  Curt Henderson
Background - I'm from Cali.. so im sorta a viet food snob, meaning I know what good viet food taste like. This place was average, nothing great.. They did put a slice of lime in the water which was nice. Other than that blah...
Stopped for lunch and the employe was telling my  wife\nhow he has worked for the company 7 years and still gets minimum wage or \nless. They have several locations I wonder  why as the families attitude sucks\nRude racist chollo owners. Food average to below average inconsistent
Dunkin Donuts are terrible. If you got to have your sugar fix, go to Starbucks. Better quality sugar items. \nIn college Dunkin donuts were good because you had a hangover and anything tasted good.
big portions, the 'side' pancake is HUGE. everything was good.
Well, my prediction was right. I drove by over the weekend and the place is now out of business. Good riddance!!!
Not the best pizza, but the kids loved it.
One of my favorites.  Great happy hour, drinks (the only place I will drink beer - they have so many different and yummy kinds to choose from), vibe and a ton of vegan options to choose from!
These folks are Great! Saved me a bundle repairing some small dents in my Infiniti M35 that would have been Expensive to repair. Car looks like noting ever happened. Small Dents, no worries. Just call these folks!
The service is outstanding and the food is wonderful! My husband and I come here all the time.  The management and the staff is friendly and helpful.  The mardi gras roll is amazing!
I would go see this again and again, very funny and over all a really good show! This show while it is intended for adults Is not without a taste of class.
I have been here on a few occasions for work functions for my husband. Every time I am very disappointed in the food. There are much better Mexican restaurants around the Charlotte area and are worth the drive. I would not recommend this one.
Not very good.  Pizza was kind of dried out.  I can see this as a popular stop off before or after the movie theater, but there are way better options nearby.
Best chicken Pam around! Oh, and always get cheesecake. Not doing so should be a crime.
Rude customer service keeps me from returning here.
This is a chain and should be thought of as such! Not the best I have every had but, the service was excellent. You have to get there at about 5:00 or wait for okay food, in a store-front location.
Asked for pho dac biet but they left out the tendon and tripe. Make sure they don't leave it out for you.
Ok beer,  but food is worth the trip here.  Just had wings with dry rub...  Wow!  Enjoy!
they look for stuff wrong with your car that isn't when their changing the oil. and they never really clean it al that well either
Great! Late night Starbucks with plenty room inside and outside too sit down.The crew is friendly here... wifi works strong and fast! Open 24/7 for the most part... was here on a Monday they did close down at 1am-4am for cleaning.
I use to find good stuff here now and again, but now this place seriously sucks. Prices are WAY to high, and the place is small.
Market Bistro offers homemade soups, salads, and really fresh sandwiches. I liked the modern decor, staff, and clientele. Very casual - a great lunch spot... (the sandwiches are really big - try splitting one).
I have been going to Jonny for 30+ years for cut and color.\nOccasionally when I am traveling, I've tried another hair dresser and have never found one that compares to the quality of Jonny's hair cutting and coloring skills.\nShe is the best!
Horrible service!! Served me old food!!
Small hole in the wall place with great tasting custard creations. Great custard with variety of toppings. Ok service but be prepared with cash. No credit cards taken :/ still good to stop n visit.
One of my favorite restaurants on earth!  Any time I'm in Phoenix I never miss an opportunity to come here. Awesome beer selection, and the food is out of this world!
The only thing ive ordered here is a ruben sandwich and it was okay, I guess they have better things than this so I will try something else next time.
Best cheese curds in the world!  Spotted cow beer is amazing. Everyone is so nice. Guacamole bacon cheeseburger is so good.
Great place! Awesome food and atmosphere, try the short rib tacos! Only complaint, they discontinued their happy hour menu for food. But other than that, great place to eat!
Great pedicure!  Sonny was incredible. Professional and what a great massage. Found this gem after a lot of looking. You won't be disappointed.
The Beef on Weck was awesome. The Portabella Mushroom Parmesan was good too. Gotta go back to try other food on the menu.
If I could give zero stars I would, the service was terrible they walked around looking like they didnt know what they were supposed to be doing. The food wasnt even that great. They asked us twice if we wanted wine and never came back to give it to us. Really disappointing
Unbelievable slow service. Be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes for a salad. Not worth the wait.
Great quick lunch. Never had anything bad here. Side note the fries look burnt but are great.
Terrible service. I'm here right now and it's been 20 min and our waitress has not shown...
STUPID EXPENSIVE !!! not so much a fan as beeing more of a hater!! don't get cought slipping here with an empty gas tank! you WILL cry as the little hateful digits on the gas pump laugh at you!!!!
I am not a big fan of buffets, but all I can say about this one is WOW.
This is a stand-up operation.  Be sure to ask for Paris.  She's the best employee there.
The sushi here is not very tasty. Every kind of sushi we ordered basically had 'California Roll' in it. I got a Spicy Tuna Roll and the Spicy Tuna looked artificial and not normal. I've tasted much better sushi at other places.
Pizza was really good and I loved their crust. We came in a little after they had opened for the day so servers were standing around waiting for guests to come in and looked very bored. And our server kept trying to upsell and offer us more food every time he came back to check on us, that was quite annoying.
I would give a two since everything is toooo salty and the king crab wasn't even fresh. The price is relatively high with little quality. Only thin that impressed me was the cheddar bay biscuits
This is an All American Barber Shop!\nThat's the best way to put it!!\nThe attention to detail and the concern for their customer's well-being has been proven again and again everytime  I've been there! Thank You Gentlemen!!\nHooyah Stan!!
This particular location specializes in making their customers wait. 7 people in line for the pharmacy and only one cash register open. Hmmm... :/
Just a generic Jamba Juice. Tastes amazing as always. Nothing exciting here. The service is good and relatively fast but this location was a little dirty. At least the staff was friendly.
Came for a smog. Took the associates awhile to notice I was waiting to be helped. I was instructed to go to the smog machine where I sat again unnoticed for quite sometime.\n\nAlso came here for a decent carwash, which bumped the review up to 3 stars.
they have some of the best french fries i've ever had, and it made it to my blog.\n\neverything else were just average, nothing spectacular.
Had the mini eclair and cannoli and unfortunately it was nothing noteworthy.  They aren't located in a fun area and the business seems to focus on decorative wedding cakes.  However the person who helped us was super friendly!
I have eaten here a half dozen times    I don't know why.  The food is average at best . I don't think anything is actually made there..  the vodka sauce is tasty but probably from a jar and the tiramisu is great but from a Chicago bakery.  Last time we ate there the sauce tasted metallic and burnt.
They can't decide if they want to be a cheap buffet, or slightly more upscale Chinese restaurant.\n\nThey've got the cheap Chinese buffet quality that I love so much, but not the cheap prices to match.
Nice little shop to stop and get fueled.  The iced coffee hit the spot.  We were in unknown territory on the way out of Vegas when we spotted this place.  We were happy to find it.
Great place, the people are great at hair and eyebrows (that's all I've gotten done there) very nice and so professional. It's cool it's in the mall too just if you wanna do some shopping! But if you just wanna go in and out I recommend parking by Dillard's :)
Don't come here alone, there's no seating and they won't give up a booth for one person.
Prices are higher and food is worse. Blooming onion that we ordered was burned on one side and raw and bitter on another. Another one they offered in exchange was not much better. \nBack ribs were good.
Yikes. I completely forgot about the fact that my boyfriend found a big black hair in the food close to when we were almost finished eating. How could I have forgotten that?? \n\nAs delicious as the food was, that can NEVER happen when you are running a restaurant. Super gross :(
This is a nice alternate to the hotels in downtown Montreal.  It is located right next to the Metro station, and provides free parking. There isn't really isn't anything outstanding about the quality of the hotel, but the rooms are clean and quiet, and the staff seems friendly.
Ok here I am again.....on really short notice and I was taken care of immediately!  So happy that this place is open late. Thank you Elaine and Vivian for all of the great customer service and nail artistry.
Denver Broncos bar, so glad I found you. Besides that the food is very good and cooked perfectly.  My son had the Wings and loved them.  I had the pulled pork and it was very good.  No complainst from anyone in my party.
My first YC experience. It's an interesting concept. You get a bowl and stack it with as much food as you can and then it's cooked for you. If you know how to pack your food, it's worth the price.
I always love this location , items in stock, prices are great, staff super nice , but today I used the ladies restroom and it looked like a college bachelor lived in there for a year! Toilet & sink were filthy , trash can overflowing kinda gross.  Kick it up a notch guys!!!!
So 10 days after this review posted, Michelle called and let me know that there was a problem with their phone system and let me know that if we still needed the work done (we do) to give her a call.  She was very cordial.  I am so glad that she followed up and that no big tragedy happened!
The gym was lame, went down late afternoon and there were 3 male employees running their mouths talking about girl problems and giving each other workout tips and critiquing each others triceps
Lady Gaga concert.   Never ever again.   Ridiculous techno music for 2 plus hours.   Tickets said 7:30 and while I understand concerts don't start on time, this is egregious.
The food was ok, but service was bad. We ordered a chai tea, and the tea was spilled all over the cup holder. I would not come here again.
Ordered chicken dishes both plates had undercooked chicken, manager changed it but not to fond of havin undercooked poultry, menu is pretty small not much of variety
Great concept and awful hours. I like the bolanis being served right now, they're savory and one of the best ways to warm yourself up in the winter.
Great Service!!!! Professional, fast and thorough. Affordable oil changes, will continue to use in the future. Ask for Jim or John
This is like an expensive (which doesn't mean it is very much) Chipotle style restaurant.  The food was good, but not great.  I won't be going back any time soon.
My family and I went here for Thanksgiving dinner. The service was outstanding and the food was overflowing the huge plate. And it was delicious. All for $7.99. I will definitely go again and again.
Wish I cold have tried it.  Giving it a 2 for being closed at 4pm on Saturday.  I hope to give it a try if they are ever open later than 3:30 on the weekend & 6 pm weekdays.
Lived in the Chicagoland area for over 12 years. The Italian Beef is really very good; but the Red Hots were just okay -- Luke's of Chicago are much better. Sorry.
The best double happy hour in Las Vegas and the classic cocktails are the bomb !
Great place to get inked... Unbelievably talented artists, and good prices. Don't fall for the hyped up places in town. This place delivers quality.
This place was awesome! But it's closed now and that makes my heart hurt. Their brisket was top notch, wish I got a chance to go there more.
Great chai lattes and friendly service!
I have been there twice, and they have my rear end differential and my brakes replaced. Also, they help me replace my passenger seat belt. Very good place.
Slots are loose, table mins are relatively low, drinks are cheap and cocktail waitresses are fast.  Not as much variety on table games but I always stop by here for the slots and drinks before a show.  I think the fact they only have one kind of room reflects their no nonsense kind of atmosphere.
Quick lunch with my manager before flying out of Phoenix. Good food; Mexican ambiance. Guac was the best I've ever had... Veggie taco over pork taco over fish taco
Sorry to all my Thai friends but I'm not really into Thai food because I do not like spicy foods and also foods that have too much herbs like cilantro and basil. Whenever I go to Thai restaurant, I pretty much only order Pad See Ew with chicken.
They announced today they are closing. As you can see due to my previous review I am not surprised. Sad but not suprised.
We haven't been in a while. I had the fish and chips. Mostly for the fish and not the French fries. The fish was so crunchy and the tarter sauce has some spice to it now which is a yummy surprise. I would definitely recommend the fish for sure!
Eh. Not many flavors, my favorite ones were out of order, fewer toppings than other places, and it was too crowded. Not a bad thing, but the whole place was in a certain state of disarray. I've had better.
I've used Rocket Media for several projects and have found their web site designs and service to be exceptional. They are more than a web design company offering search engine marketing, social media strategies, lead tracking strategies and much more. I'd highly recommend working with the owner Ben and his team.
First of all, two words describe the staff here: EYE CANDY.\n\nNow, on to the food.\n\nLook on the menu over to the right, set apart from the main items. The spicy beef and broccoli is the best thing on the menu.
All ways good, Too more visits
Best fried chicken best everything is consistent and hot and fresh ! Love the okra sweet tea kool aid candy sweets  Mac and cheese so yummy
Genny's is a hoot! I'm def Straight but NOT narrow.
They really need more wait staff and some signage that tells you what the service process is. Seat yourself, order at bar or order with waitress......tried to eat here and could get no service. Can't comment on food.....lame really.
Worst experience, you have to either blind or broke to stay here. Room was dated in early. 80's furniture, drapery,and carpeting .the wall paper was peeling the ceiling had major visible cracks. The room smelled like animals were living there. Stay away!!!!!!!
I found this restaurant late at night, and it was really awesome. The chicken was amazing, but the potato balls with rice and sweet sauce were the best things I ate in Montreal.
Honest truth this place is shit. The utensils where dirty, the service was horrible, and even the coffee cream smelled expired. People here were rude! I strongly suggest that this is a bad spot to come to.
Based on my positive experience the last time I returned. Service is not up to par, but the burgers are still great!
Dr. LeMone has been my dentist for years and has always done a great job with my teeth and made my visits enjoyable.  He is very accommodating and has worked on both my wife and my sister in-law on short notice when they needed help.  I highly recommend him to anyone in need of a dentist.
Nothing more needs to be said........best steak in the United States!
Decent place.  Had the BBQ chicken pizza and a couple of beers at the bar.  OK but nothing special.
Always have good experiences here!
Glorified beef teriyaki.\n\nSmall portions.  Enormous price.\n\nWaiters were friendly.\n\nOnly went there because I got $30 off from my stay package.  Won't be back.
Since they changed the wings to this awful breaded thing I don't order. I miss the old 10 cent wings
Defalco's is a great spot!  They can cook you a great meal, or give you everything you need to cook your own.  I have bought a lot of pizza crust from them, amend it's a great deal.  They also have a lot of great salads, and amazing fresh mozzarella.
Love the Chihuly Art throughout the gardens, I was bummed that the cafe was closed. It's definitely a great walk this great scenery! Lovely for photos!
I ordered a salad which was just ok, however my entree was amazing!  I ordered the duck canolloni and it was awesome!  Very pricey place though so you will need to make sure you are ready for a hefty bill.
Cobb salad was awesome.  Kelly was a sweetheart! Would come back for sure.
Chantilly cake!!!!! SOOOO GOOD!!!!! really liked the Kalbi short ribs!!!  Definitely worth checking this place out when in Vegas!!  It's a little bit of Hawaii in Vegas!!
Store is ok. Staff could use some help. I don't think anyone said anything to us while we were inside. Some sections could use better organizing. Store is spread out nicely.
Great burger selection and quality. Allows you to customize your own burgers as well.
BEST PLACE EVER. Service was amazing!! and the food was even better! Great prices! We went on a bachelorette night and the bride got a free drink!  going back asap
Worst service ever. Stay away. Bartender will sit next to you and play on his phone while ignoring you when hes not completely out of sight. One star for delicious salsa though
Burgers were good and the service was fine.  For whatever reason it sort of reminded me of Outback Steakhouse--only a Hawaiian version.  The cheese fries are very similar.
Sandwich was amazing.. the line was long but, YUM. I will totally be back for more
Nice venue... But overpriced pizza...Will try just once. Decor is stellar though.
They should move the Oyster Bar in here!
Great fish fry on Wed & Fridays. Just like the midwest!
As good as I remembered, very busy,fast service, friendly staff.\nThe only thing, and his minor I wish they had malts instead of shakes.
I ordered the Phad Waan from here and it was really good. My girlfriend as always got papaya salad thai style with 3 peppers and downed that. Good place to go for a quick meal
Expect a long wait for delivery. The alfredo was ok but way over priced. The garlic bread wasn't great. The chicken wings are huge and they were good, at a decent price during lunch. I will order some where else next time.
The broccoli beef and ginger mushroom chicken were okay. The chow mien was the worst I've ever had. Undercooked and bland. I'm a good eater and left it all on the plate.
PHO IS SUB PAR\n\nClean restaurant/ fast service/ standard menu/ \n\nHad better
Very impressed! $5 pitcher until 5pm, and excellent healthy food at a good value. Free valet parking.  I look forward to coming back.
Consistently fantastic Mexican food. I want to try something new, but the carnitas is so damn good.
The service alone makes this place a five-star restaurant. However, the food was spectacular as well! Fresh, flavorful, hot and served with style and a friendly smile. Highly recommend this small trattoria amidst the myriad of stores and other food options, don't miss it!
I had a great time in this place,  The food was great and the hookah taste awesome!  This is the best Mediterranean food I had in this town, easy  five star  A+++
If you're looking for the typical buffet that's slightly higher priced like the rest this ones good for the kids but I still like to stick with Ellis Island Casino for steak and eggs only $8.99... Gotta love the old school price!!!!!\n.
Also they have happy hour Mon-Thurs! 30%off all sushi items and its BYO! :)
THE WORST MEXICAN FOOD EVER. I havent had anything from the place that was remotely good. I gave it two chances and horrible.  Anyone who says anything good about this place doesn't know Mexican food
Walked in late and the music was way too loud for a wine bar. It seemed like a nice location. I will have to try again on another night.
Brand new restaurant with delicious food. We had gormeh Sabzi, sample appetizer plate, beef kebab, and some good bread.
Absolutely stunning views and nice trails.  Free parking, water fountains, and even doggie water fountains.  This is a MUST-DO while in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area!
This is our go-to chinese take out. The food is good, service is average and the prices are good. All the traditional menu items. Never had a bad experience.
I gave First Class 5 stars after my initial visit in December of last year.  11 massages later says that my experiences have been consistently excellent. I use an app called Translate to communicate with the masseuse on any give day.  I can speak several languages, but Chinese is not one of them.
Addicted to the black bean soup, thats all I have to say!
Not a bad place.  Kind of reminds me of a Baja Fresh but with a lot more food.  I'm still searching for the perfect TexMex.  This place definitely wasn't it but my fish tacos were fresh and tasty.  That's A-OK by me!
Great korean owned restaurant, server was very attentive and helpful
Was so loud and the menu so uninteresting (way too many choices) we left after 5 minutes. Have never done that after being seated before. They didn't even notice even though we had to walk back through the whole restaurant to leave. They still hadn't brought us water or asked for drink orders.
You want GREAT Thin crust pizza? Get in your car and get your behind over here NOW!!! LOVE this place , great owners, Mike and Tony. Treat you like family. Love the Lasagna, sandwiches, and more!!! I give this place a big \"Woo Hoo\"!
Worst customer service ever! They just don't answer the phone at all. My package was to be delivered 10 days ago! They are the WORST!!!!
Enjoyed the sushi sampler and tuna tartar along with a manhattan at the bar.  Bartenders are great guys...just bring extra cash, this place isn't cheap.  I believe the tab was close to 100 dollars for the above.
I would give them 5 stars if they had better chips BUT their food is great them accommodate our vegetarian needs. The place is clean. I have dined in both the bar and restaurant area and both rock. The ElPatron is SO GREAT!
This is by far the worst einsteins I have ever been too. My food is never good, it's always sloppy, burnt, or cooked wrong.
It looks a little scary, but don't let the carpet on the floors scare you. The food was fantastic. I would eat here again.
One of Charlotte's best DIners. I've lived in NY and Chicago and have been to many and this compares. Brings back memories every time I dine here.
Great variety of foods, both fresh produce and prepared foods. The vendors are very nice and helpful. One of my favorite places To go just to wander and to screw around and look at things that people are selling.
Stayed here back in June - Loved that this place is off the strip yet just a short drive to where all the action is.  Nice lobby, nice grounds, nice rooms - no complaints here!  Loved lounging by the pool.  Was decently pleased with our stay that I plan on going back there to stay in November.
Took the mega bus from riverside to Las Vegas and pleasantly surprise on how nice it was. Being this was my first time on the bus I had no complaints.  Can't beat one way less then $30. I can't get there in my car for that, plus some days are priced less! Will definitely take again!
Design isn't very nice, just getting a little dated.  But the airport was pleasant and very functional.  My trip was very smooth through this airport.  And I like the Sprinter which runs from the airport to Uptown.
This is our first visit to Edinburgh. Cool looking place. It was a nice day and there seemed to be a lot of happy pub-ogers enjoying themselves so we stopped in for a beer.  After walking around the meadow's and sightseeing this really hit the spot. Friendly people and lively atmosphere.
Friendly people and great service. A welcome addition to our neighborhood!
I love this place! The sales staff are knowledgeable and eager to help without being pushy. The parts department have some of the vest in the business and the service team are top notch as well. I have bought my bike here and this is the only place I trust to work on it!
The staff is rough as all heck. Unprofessional and unfriendly and unwilling to bag your groceries or do anything to go out of their way.  Other Lowe's are way more courteous, clean, and approachable  Convenience and speedier check out is the only reason to shop here.
4.5... One of their beers was really good. great taste. We also ordered a dozen wings and a small pizza, food tasted great, service was fast. Great place to have a beer and some finger food.
Macaroni needed salt and was slightly overlooked, and the actual BBQ sauce on the pulled pork wasn't all that good.
Great local library! Beautifully redone in the past year or two. Has a drive-by book return in the parking lot underneath.
Can't never be happier that I found this place. My lovely Japanese chin were cut very beautifully and perfect for even extreme detail.  I am not a person switch the place to place. Here I definitely always come back. Highly recommend come here.
Small portions. No taste. Poor quality.
This was awful!!! $15 for steak teriyaki, was a paper thin steak with nasty sauce. Edamame was luke warm, service was not very friendly.
When I need a deal on a beer and a snack, this is the best place hands down!
I went here with my parents (Hi Guys!) and Wife (stop looking at me like that) and had a great time, the service was A-MAZ-ING and the food was nice, I think we were getting a little sick of burgers by then and needed a break.
Poutine here is just average, not great.
Eating tacos at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is what being young, sexy and cheap are all about. Hey, I know you are going to spend hundreds for dinner, so why not take a cheap meal while you can? Especially, when you can do it at the Hard Rock.
What looked like a phenomenal French toast on the menu turned out to be nothing like the menu advertised. Slow inefficient service for brunch. Not impressed.
Love taco bell chalupas. This particular location consistently smells really bad though.
This is a nice quiet place for happy hour.  Great food and apps. Always comfortable.
Was told at 5am that burgers arent made until 4pm by some chubby ogre latina.\n\nStay in school kids.
Great selection, very competitive prices and very friendly staff.
This place is horrible, if you ever had real Ramen you will undrestand what a disaster is this place, terrible terrible food
The only Pho place I will go anymore, delicious, fast and great service. Their Spring rolls are like no other!
I only ate at the sushi bar.  Sushi was decent but over priced for the quality.  Nagiri comes in single servings but priced as a double serving.  I would not have an issue if it was exceptional but it is not.   I will eat here again but don't make a special trip for the sushi.
I got the salmon bagel, I asked for extra veggies and got charged for extra veggies, only to open my bagel at work and to find....... No veggies... Sigh..
I will never go back there for a pedi they do horrible french tips also my nail polish chipped 2 days later don't bother goin here for a french tip
I enjoy this place-- I have eaten there as well as taken out.\n\nWhile the sushi isn't the Best sushi I have ever had.. It's good and very reasonable. I also like the portion size so you can try various rolls! It always seems very fresh and they are always friendly.
still the best Wingstop in town!
It's a great place to save some money. Located in the Kohl's'Target shopping center.
Rude, rude, rude! Staff would rather stand behind the counter and chat before helping anyone.
Just found this place and the food is great.  Excellent staff and nice atmosphere.
Amaaaaaaaazing!
HIGHLY recommended. I am frequently there buying material for costumes and staging purposes, and they ALWAYS have exactly what I want, and usually on sale. I really love this place. They are so friendly, and far less terrified that I am a man than the homophobic fabric cutters at Michaels.
I've never actually shopped in the store but there gas is always the cheapest in the SW!
Checked in for a long weekend. It's nice but nothing special.they deserve 3 stars ,not more. The staff is ok not as friendly or professional they should be. Especially front desk. \nConvenient located next to the airport so you don't waste the time to travel to.
Very Nice Establishment. We enjoyed Dinner here which was simply a club sandwich and Duck sandwich, with bread and oil as a side, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. Great location too as not far from the shore. Service was good and very nice atmosphere. Loved the stained glass &  cosy, old fashioned interior.
Place is alright for a casual hangout spot...great if u like to keep to yourself an play pool..prices r fair...food is typical frozen bar food..but the mcdonalds n front takes care of that problem not much better but definitely cheaper
best fancy coffee i've had so far in this town.  they roast their own, which is nice and they seem to take drink making pretty seriously.  their soy macciato makes my day.  \n\nand you don't actually have to be a hipster to buy coffee here, so shake it off.
Went to get JB weld for some metal parts. They didn't have any.... Well they had JB weld for wood but not medal. Is this something normal outside the south. \n\nAnyway despite that omission in stock, they had something that works.
Very clean and comfy too. Woke up refreshed and smiling. Would stay here again in a heart beat. The freebies are AWESOME. Great food and drinks.
Elliot is thoughtful, experienced and through.  He was able to relieve my major discomfort and zeroed in on the problem within moments.  I would recommend his services and will be contacting him again.
Not the best. I wish I would have gone to port a sub like I had planned. I ordered the meatball sub with a side of coleslaw.  The meatballs tasted like they had been store bought and frozen for some time. The coleslaw had way too much mayonnaise.  Will not recommend.
We went her because we had a gift certificate and thought let's go, well everything was awful, the service sucked the waiter was rude and the food was awful. We eat at McCormick's all the time in other locations and never ever had an expierence like this one!
Good food. They did a good job remodeling this place. The new menu is horrible and does not work. Please change back to the triditional menu. The new menu is confusing and the selection is too small.
The pizza is amazing! The wait staff is prompt and friendly, although sometimes I feel like there are more waiters than customers, lol. I recommend sitting outside, any room inside is incredibly loud and you have to yell across the table to have a conversation. Great little spot, though, and the food is always worth it!
I've had much better poutine elsewhere. I would recommend avoiding...
Great patio and awesome food! The flavors are delicious!
So I went back and got a salad this time, it was good but not great. I did however try the plantain chips which I have never liked... they were super super good.  They werent sweet or like the dehydrated ones you get at the store. Tryed 2 desserts all good
We came here for my husband's birthday.  The service was attentive and very warm, the Steaks and lobster were perfectly cooked and moderately priced... How can you go wrong?
this was my first real german restaurant and i thought it was pretty good. i went with the schnitzel and tried one of the house brews. good stuff!
I was told this is some of the best Chinese food in Phoenix. It doesn't really compare to what you can find in LA, but for Phoenix, it's a definitely thumbs up. My favorite dish here was probably the least Chinese dish of all - chicken salad. I'd get that again for sure - in Phoenix or LA!
I came her the other day with Abu J for a little stroll.  It is peaceful and charmingly quirky all at the same time.  Lot's of little paths to stroll on and whimsical architecture to take in.  We will definitely be back for a bell soon.
A friendly place for a quick and delicious breakfast. After having ventured through the busy mess that was olive et gourmondo the prior morning, I was very happy to find this spot. Sadly, it was our last day! Next time I am back in Montreal, we will go back. Try the cm croissant sandwich!!
Tasty coffees made with care. Food like it was made at home. A nice alternative to chain coffee joints.
Asked for and received my breakfast my way.  $4 value slam. Did you know they have 99 cent add-ons like bacon? Plus AARP gets 15% discount.
I really enjoyed this place despite the fact that it's farther away from the strip. Really nice casino - well laid out. \n\nGreat pool! I can't wait to come here again.
Absolute bliss!
The only good thing about this place was the bucket of beer... And the bull. Do not eat the food. Yuck.
Great price and great service.  Would recommend to everybody.  Same price as those haircut chains but much better haircut and you finish with a straight razor shave on the neckline. Just moved over to this side of town and Jimmy gives the best old school business cut.
Im trying to figure out exactly what people are tasting when they come here that's so great. This is a glorified cardboard box with cheese on it. In their defense I had the Vegan pizza. I'm my defense my tooth almost broke. It was so hard, tasteless, and over priced.
This is the best Indian food I have ever had, hands down.  The servers are nice and I love the decor.  Good wine selection, as well.
We tried this restaurant based on other yelp reviews...we were not disappointed! The food we ordered was incredible...pork satay, Indian chicken curry, Thai tea and coconut ice cream.  Service was amazing and we are big fans! We can't wait to go back again! Cha our server was a true delight.
Great food! Hit and miss service...
Not terrible but not good. We went here the other night and I got fresco tacos and there was hardly anything but lettuce on it! Better luck next time I guess.
I have seen this show a few times now and it doesn't get old...well, maybe a little bit, but I want to go back to show people how fun and interactive this show is.  Always a great time.  So funny...
Amazing food, incredible service!
Go here often with my mom for Lunch, Food is tasty and Salsa is great.  Love the Chimis and my mom likes the fish tacos.   Always look forward to eating here.
The food wasn't great but the chilled sake was awesome.  Why wouldn't it be?  My mom and I downed a few too many bottles of sake so we ended up napping during most of the O show.  Very unfortunate.  Maybe wew ill have dinner after the show next time.
Excellent customer service! The owner personally went above and beyond for our needs, and we were \"wowed\" by their amazing service. We are customers for life!
Went here for lunch yesterday Yummy. I had the mock chicken thai peanut bowl hubby had the big wac A mock burger He loved it !
Nice owner nice concept but horrible hand made maduro.   Cigar had a horrible draw and would not burn.  Sad to say I was hoping this would be a nice surprise but I am very disappointed.
Yummy! Seriously best.steak.ever. My boyfriend and I went here for his Bday last August, and it was the best place we could have gone...we both still talk about it and want to go back. Really classy place, and we had excellent service. \n\nI will be back...
The business has a small Lg. Chopped Antipasto Salad and it's not chopped very well. The one in Scottsdale makes a huge and  awesome Lg. Chopped Antipasto Salad. Put some muscle into it peeps!
Had a very pleasant lunch here on a Sunday. Not busy, service fine, food fine. Nice setting. Great for a nice relaxed time.
Great environment and great price. Ask for Zulma or Rachel. Zulma can do a killer fade.
The food is great the service is ass. The only reason I gave them four stars is cause I'm fat and like the fries. Anthens fries are the best.
Fresh items and great service. Definately know how to do sushi right!
Super friendly shop with tons of yarn options and many knitting and crochet supplies and notions.  Everyone was smiling and helpful.  I've been in several yarn shops.  This one is by far the friendliest.  I will be back.
yum.  best pho in phx.  Just don't expect spectacular service, and the restroom could use a scrubbing, everytime I am there, there is never any paper towels to dry hands and it smells like urine.  Good food though!
Ruth's Chris, Lawry's, and Morton's steakhouses pale in comparison to Mastro's the steaks were tender, flavorful, and expertly prepared. Definitely the best steaks that we have ever eaten.
It is Startbucks. Just like in your neighborhood.
5 stars because Paper Skyscraper always gets me out of that awkward \"what on earth do I buy so-and-so\" moment. Thank God for Paper Skyscraper. Most of their items are completely unnecessary- but you will find the perfect gift for a co-worker, a bride or anyone else on the long gift giving list.
Nothing spectacular here.  We were in about 10:00am and the glazed donut was fresh, but the flavored donut (i've since forgotten the flavor) tasted a bit old.  We were in and out in less than 5 minutes.   I wouldn't go out of my way to return.
Good Place
I like this place. A little pricey. But it is way better than the other typical fried chicken places. The chicken looked like chicken and tasted like it too. Closes commercial chicken you will get if you dont want to make it yourself.
This place is great!! Family owned. They have fresh fish and amazing roll with great prices.
Visited this place for the first time a few months ago. Very disappointed to say the least. My wife and kids didn't like it either. To add insult to injury, my snoh had a hair in it. When my wife took it back to the counter the employee told her \"oh sorry\".
This is a fabulous place!!  Super clean which is always a plus.  I was a walk in and I got in right away no waiting.  The gal that did my pedicure was awesome, she is a perfectionist which I most appreciate. I am going back for my manicure next.
Overpriced and not at all worth it for drinks. If you just want to do karaoke it's not too bad. Also it smells really bad in here not sure if they have plumbing issues.
Nothing to write home about. However the Treasure Island tries to give you a bunch of coupons for it. So, in that sense I would give it a whirl. Did not have the food.
Drau\u00dfen sitzen ist kein muss (sehr laut), aber der Falafel ist unschlagbar!
The pub burger for lunch is very fulfilling, the truffle fries are very tasty. I went there hoping to get the pork belly sliders but they don't serve that during lunch. Other than that,  the experience was good.
Just don't bother.  Sub par food, slow service, and over priced.  Go to Einstein's of you want a decent bagel that isn't dry and bland.
Excellent food! The food is so fresh and healthy. The chef was very friendly and service was great. This is a new place and I will definitely be going back.  Prices are very reasonable.
Only place I go and have gone to for over 3 years.  Anyone you ask in there knows who I am and that I come in weekly.  Love it!!  I would tell you who I see, but that might make me getting an appointment harder!!  HAHA
General Tsos chicken is literally a little chicken with a huge puff of batter surrounding it
Saw their ad in local paper and decided to stop by.  They have some nice patio furniture, but reviews suggest they deliver their floor models which I noticed had paint touch ups etc.  Overall their prices seemed high but I must admit they had one model I did like, but hesitant in buying from them based on reviews.
One of the worst Wendy's I've ever experienced.  Every morning there was a 30-minute wait - after ordering - for food.
Super unique menu, excellent atmosphere and definitely one of my favorites in oldtown. I just recently moved to the area and have been really enjoying all of the great venues in the oldtown area. This place however stands out above most of the other places and is one of the best places to bring people who come to visit. I highly recommend!
closed - out of business!!!
We enjoyed the special thanksgiving dinner very good roasted beets salad excellent Turkey dinner &dessert for$49 \nVery goodwine list we enjoyed the 2003 McCleary Shiraz from Washington St\nGood friendly service
Amazing breakfast. Had the green chili Benny and the pancake flight. Pineapple upside down pancakes are unreal. Beau is an amazing server and this is a fantastic location. 5 stars.
Best chowder.\nBest customer service.\nLOVE this place.
Great store, they are always ready to help you find what your looking for, and will leave you alone of you let them know your just looking around.
Went here to meet up with a friend, and decided to hang out at the bar there. While the Hooters girls there looked good, the service overall was very slow, and clearly the girls were overwhelmed. \n\nAs for the casino itself, it looked very old and \"runned-down\".
This is definitely first on the list when we discuss where we would like to go for some food and a drink, plus is walking distance to Fox's Cigar bar.  We have always had great service and the food is always yummy.
Terrible terrible food. Flavors were over powering and clashed. I had two bites. Son had a few bites. Husband had a few also. We all ordered different food and it was all disgusting.
Had the eggs Benedict. It was ok no the worst not the best. Eggs were a little overcooked . The sauce was good but thick and not enough. Ham was great !
I love this neighborhood bar and grill! I  have the best service and food every time I go there! I recently went for brunch and it was great! I like to take family and friends there that have never been. They all really enjoy the atmosphere. And the martini's are good and strong!
Perfect place to get spices, oils and large amounts of rice. O yah they also sell the best naan in the world!
Love their cold noodle and raw beef. The side dish are fresh and delicious.  Corn tea is a good form of tea. Variety and authentic korean foods
Build the Rancheria in Rohnert Park CA ! please soon .  just the memory of OJ getting busted here is worth another visit .
It was my first time here. And I got Deeana. She was super nice, was talking to me through out the whole thing and made me feel comfortable. It was quicker than I thought and not as scary as the 40 year old virgin clip I had in mind. Very good first time experience here!!
I wanted to get a Kim kardashian lollipop but it costs freaken $25 Wtf!!! I would pay 5 dollars for that. So sad I couldn't get the lollipop wahhh that's all.
Had really great experiences here.  Great food,  Great service.  One time only we came for dinner and there was an issue we had to wait but the manager comped our whole meal and apologized many times.  Worth the try.
This place has it all good bartenders good food and on sunday nights they have a live band were eles can you go on sunday night and listen to good music after the game
I have no respect for any bakery that sells stale donuts. Friendly donuts in Henderson trashes there donuts that sit to long. Donut are always soft and fresh at friendly. It's a bit out of my way but I will go for the freshness and the donuts are cheaper at friendly.
This place is fantastic. The atmosphere, the product and the service. I will definitely be going back. They have a decent amount of choices for fro-yo and great toppings. I would recommend this to anyone and everyone.
Vegan fire fries.  also, vegan tacos are delicious. The cakes are delicious. Don't come here on a diet. :/ favorite place in Vegas to find vegan options hands down. The service is awesome. Everyone is friendly. Absolutely recommended. :)
I like the selection of beers on tap, it's a huge selection. I had their grilled salmon for dinner. It tasted great.  Unfortunately, after dinner and a couple of beers, I was sick in my bathroom for the next two and a half days. \nThey got the extra star for the beer selection.
Show was classy. Girls were very beautiful but way too lookalike. Drinks were expensive. One of the intermissions were annoying. Good show to see once. Only worth it if you can get discounted tickets.
Great sushi and customer service! Went here on a date with my husband and we had such a nice evening enjoying the view if the strip and tasting many delicious rolls! Highly suggest trying if out!
This location just reopened 4/12/12! Totally remodeled & looking much BETTER than before! I recommend their cheese pizza & Carmine's salad!
The golden wings are awesome! Focaccia  rolls are another favorite, especially the buffalo chicken one. Service is generally quick and very friendly. Kind of noisy if you sit outside. My 10 year old asks to come here every time we are in town.
Simply terrible. Wait time was supposed to be 15 mins.  Turned out to be 25. Staff was overworked and not responsive. Drinks took 10 mins and came slopped over on the saucer. Gave up on 2 appetizers after 20 minutes. Don't waste your time.
Great place to take the kids to play and have some bbq. Nice outdoor area and good solid bbq.
Jerry the owner is one of the best artists in town. He tattoos because he loves it not for the money. My tattoo was not rushed and he made it look great. Prices are very cheap, probably half of any other shop. My favorite place to get tattoos by far!
The first time I went I was pleasantly surprised by the delicious food.  The 2nd time I went, the food made me sad.   The service is great however.  I'll try it again sometime, when I'm out of other more proven options for great Indian food.
New to the area and have used the car wash 3 times. Unfortunately each experience has gotten progressively worse; wait times are quoted then doubled. The staff though friendly are generally nonattentive to detail and unwilling to correct problems. This is close to my home but I will be seeking another car wash for the future.
This is a nice little place. I've been here a few times, all the food is very good. I love all the little korean side dishes.  The hawaiian juices are very yummy too. You gotta check this place out.
.Were very anxious to try this new restaurant, but unfortunately we were very disappointed.  The cheese enchiladas were very dry and the sauces did not have a very good flavor.  Hopefully it will improve, if they survive.  Salsa ok far from the best we have ever had.
The staff seems nice but with lack of air conditioning the experience is just awful. We came to see BTBAM but had to leave before the band went on. Wish we would have known about this before we wasted money on this show. Thanks for the heat stroke.
As a true chocolate fiend, I come here often, as Laurier is much better than the St Denis location. I will say though that the SERVICE IS SO BAD that I've actually left no tip more than once.  I endure for the chocolate, which is delicious.
Had the shiitake pizza pure heaven!!! Husband had the steak and cheese calzone and he was more than happy! We will be back! Thanks Groupon!
Great show to catch in Vegas! Penn and Teller did not disappoint - they were hilarious and their show is very interactive. I especially loved when they told you how the trick is performed, and they still managed to surprised you!  Would definitely recommend their show if you're looking for magic & comedy act.
The place was amazing too bad they have ratchet servers ripping you off. A place of that status should be doing background checks. Disappointed :/
Great Food and concept. Service was completely lacking.
The music is ok, and getting in is a pain. Somehow the place is always packed after midnight and there is hardly any room to dance or move.
Heard about this place from Barry Young on KFYI and I am so glad they are a sponsor of the show. Awesome burgers made to order with fresh toppings. They were good and greasy. The fries are amazing as well. \n\nA+!
My first day back enjoying this restaurant     now they have decided to remove themselves from the intimate relationships of Americans.\n\nThe store was clean, employees were efficient and pleasant. What a great experience.
Good food - service could be a little bit better - but they have great food! \nI had the Shrimp, avocado and crab tower and it was delicious! \nNice place in Vegas that is off the strip and a nice place to eat when in town for business purposes...
If you are looking for good no fuss filipino food this is the place...do not expect food catered to non-filipino patrons and spruced up restaurant...RJ gave good service behind the counter...i will definitely come again when i come back to Las Vegas...
Damn good sushi. Good price.
Its what the Arizona fans were chanting about my UCLA Bruins over the weekend:  OVERRATED ...drum beat....drum beat.... OVERRATED\n\nAnd overpriced like most fine dining on the strip.
A pick up with many items missing.  Including tortillas for tortillas for fajitas.  Would of been excellent but couldn't drive all the way back for tortillas n sour cream defeats reason we had it pick up
Sing Sing is awesome!! Give a buck or more and they will play anything, and if they don't know it, they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy! :) Great humor too!! :)
The service and food were fair and the wait was long.
This was my first visit (3/29/11).  I was a bit underwhelmed.  I knew it was the largest buffet line and that is fine with me.  The majority of the selections looked like they had been there a while which translated into some dry chicken.  The lamb shank and crab was decent.
They were OK to me but hey I got a free calendar by checking into yelp :)
Drinks were great, atmosphere was ok and service was fine but the food was horrible--way too greasy and expensive.  Very disappointed in this Jose Andres restaurant.
You have got to try the calzones.  I had the pepperoni, sausage, and red bell pepper. It was absolutely amazing, I have to say: once you have these guy's pizza you will always object to someone who want's some generic pizza place (a franchise).  These guys love their pizza and it shows.
Best pad thai i've had in Canada. Note that medium spiciness can kill many people. If you are not good at it, order it mild!
Very solid recommendation as they deserve  four star rating. Everything we wanted in a pub:  good food, nice draught ales and beers, great service, and distinctive vibe. Loved their Scandinavian take on a burger...YUM!!
Loved every bite! And the staff was very friendly. Food came out quickly and tasted amazing! I will surely become a regular.
Lots of choices on there menu. \nThe grilled veggie appetizer is very good. \nNice place with a different atmosphere than an ordinary restaurant. \nVery friendly staff. \nThey also make there own soda  , which is  tasty.
Based on Yelp reviews, I saw Caroline for an eyebrow wax and a Shellac manicure. She did a fabulous job! The salon is running fantastic lunchtime specials - $10 eyebrows & $15 manicure ($25 for Shellac). The place is nice and Caroline is extraordinary. I will definitely go back.
Food and service was poor. The servers hardly spoke English. My vegan dish had no flavor and it was pricy.
Loved that I came here for a shake and the server said they weren't serving anymore and then a buss boy walks by with two shakes!!!! Wtf not cool..
Great service! No wait, actually owned by Pamela's! The food was great-- maybe even better than next door! All sorts of Yiddish references and fun Jewish foods that are hard to find elsewhere. Love the challah French toast. Highly recommended!!
I don't always eat fish taco's but when I do I choose Rubios. Love their gourmet shrimp tacos with bacon, so delish! locations are clean & the salsa bar is plentiful. A little pricey but since the food is good I won't complain
Best car wash in town! Super friendly staff and very helpful. Glad this place is so close to my apartment!
If you were looking for 24 Starbucks you found it....  Just be prepared for casino pricing.  $2 does not a drip coffee buy
I hate you!!!!\n\nAlthough, nice touch with the mirrors next to the bed! Yes sir! =)
I think the previous reviews pretty much covered everything. I just wanted to add that the octopus salad was really tasty and tender. Of course, the ahi sushi was top grade as well. I will be back, for sure!
More of a country style goodwill but its cool had what I need for cheap
Used to be great, now there's a new owner. He smokes inside the store. Menu the same, but the portions are smaller. Sad, I won't go back.
they are absolutely great!!!
Love the quality of Lululemon and the commitment to fitness by giving free Yoga and Running clubs to public.
Great place for Happy Hour and watching a game. I've been to this Zipps a couple of times and have always had a great time. Service is great, food is great, and drinks are always the best.
don't go to the one off simmons in NLV, they havent figured out how to make the rolls in the past 6 years, and they will also drown your sub in oil and vinegar.
Best dentist in America. Dr.Quinn has been my dentist for 3 plus years. Without doubt the best in my 73 yrs. Great staff. Very reasonable prices. Totally painless.  It takes me about 30 minutes to drive from green valley to his office but I don't mind as the quality of care is 5 star.
The place itself is cool. But the bald guy behind the counter thinks the owns te place, and he thinks he is not bald just coz he has a pony tail. He is a complete prick to say the least. He has an urge to tell off atleast one person per hour! And he is racist.
Average quality sushi at super-high prices. All about the atmosphere.
This is a good restaurant for quick Chinese. Today the kids were rather disappointed because the orange chicken was cold and didn't have much sauce. We come here often and this was a rather lackluster visit. I hope it will be better next time.
Best pizza in the valley. Get there early if you want a seat this place fills up fast.
This store used to be my favorite! It's really not that great anymore. I would rather travel to the Fashion Show Mall to visit their store than deal with management at this store.
http://m.reviewjournal.com/news/las-vegas/las-vegas-sushi-restaurant-owner-gets-house-arrest-tax-evasion\n\nThe owner got arrested for not paying tax! I will not eat there no matter how good it is.
3.0-3.5 stars\n\nNice and attentive bartenders. TVs all around the bar.\nGood beer on tap at good prices.\nWe didn't get to try any food but what they offered sounded good.
Great place to pick up wine, wine products, and some specific dining items that are hard to find. I'm not a big fan of the furniture they sell, I like more modern furniture. Their style is more shabby chic.
It's okay. But better gyros are down the street at Z's Greek.
The food was good the service was friendly. This place is very hard to find... poor visibility.
I'm not sure what we were expecting. Grits are not Southern yet the biscuits and honey are amazing. The tupelo honey beer is incredible and the service was awesome. The gravy was great and we had a very nice time. Well Worth the trip uptown!!
Just finished breakfast here with friends. Omelets  were great, French toast superb. BUT the best was the pancakes. A must try. Great food a great team. Outstanding place.
Excellent, great everything from the quality of the food, the clean environment the great crew.. great great!
This show was absolutely AMAZING! I would definitely go one hundred more times! Always giving you a laugh! They interact with the audience and bringing people up on stage putting them on the spot which everyone gets a kick out of. Everyone has a good time during the show. Never wanted it to end! Awsome acts by them also!
Had the oil changed in our VW at Kensington today. Friendly and fairly priced. Would definitely recommend them.
Forgettable yogurt. Topping selection was good. Store is clean.  I will pass going here again because I think the yogurt is just average and there are too many other really good shops. \nStaff are just ok - one girl barely spoke to and acknowledged me.
Can't say I like this place. Can't say I hate this place. Service is so so, and the grub is either hit or miss.  2.5
Not good cold food, meat potatoes and bread, the cafeteria/ prison style tray and OTC service is slow and annoying
WHOA!  So many things to look at and buy!!!  You can find almost anything electronics there and at many price points.  \n\nI need limit my visits here to save my wallet's life.  LOL!
I have now attempted to remove myself from your emailing list at LEAST 4 times and you keep spamming my inbox. \nDO NOT SIGN UP FOR THEIR EMAIL!  Ugh.
I stayed at the Paris hotel August 2013. The hotel has gone down hill fast. Poor customer service, a 20 resort fee per day at check in. The employees are rude. Stay away.
Worst pedicure I think I have ever had! I don't even write these things but I had to. No soap in water. Cold water. No massage. She cut my nails so short. Horrible french. I want to scream! Elan does awesome nails but the other girls SUCK!!! Do not recommend.
Good but not great, and overpriced. I don't understand what all the hype is about.
Ogborne Law, PLC provides excellent legal services at a reasonable price and with service that is simply not found at most law firms. If you have a legal issue I would highly recommend that you give Michelle a call!
This was our second visit to Big Grove.  We found it the first time traveling through Champaign via Yelp.  Tried it again while traveling at Thanksgiving.  A very nice find.  Interesting food, decent atmosphere and very good service.  And making the reservations via Yelp was very cool.
Pizza here is Sooo good! I felt like I was in Italy again! Glad it's somewhat a secret
Every time I come here the staff is so rude! Its the closest bar to my gate so I'm kinda stuck. Hey staff, can you please pretend to like people????
We have been going to Dukes with our work crew for years for lunch. Found out yesterday that we are being charged for refills on our $3 iced teas.......the explanation was \"we have to support our softball team\". Peace out.
Overpriced Italian food they wanted $14 for a meatball sub, fries, and a drink. The meatball was ok but the everything else was average.
It's a Wal-Mart, what do you really expect? Got some good times and bad times in here. The really good thing is that it's connected to Christown Spectrum so you can go there when you get treated poorly here. Not all employees suck though, like all places. They are kind of slow, though.
Always has a solid, fresh menu. Go with the California avocado sandwich.
As good as the high-priced place we used to go when we had vision insurance. With all the add-ons the other place got us for, I actually think we spend less at America's Best, even without insurance.
I absolutely love this place.  Delicious food every time.  The Tuscan Salad is one of my favorite dishes, and get the pesto pizza with pepperoni on it.  YUM!
The ambiance was the only thing I didn't love about this place but even that was fine. The food was interesting/unique and the service was exceptional. James our server took our experience to the next level. This place was worth all of the recommendations we got from friends
Tried another local barber shop and didn't like it. Came here and got it fixed and I loved it. I like how they wash your hair and cut it again to insure that you get a proper hair cut. Will definitely be going here again. A decent hair cut for 20.
AMAZON, please stop using these idiots for package delivery! I needed my order today, not tomorrow! Delivery went to a wrong address, now just waiting after talking to UNfriendly customer service rep at \"UNTRAC\" If I could leave zero stars I would!
Beef ramen was okay. The soup was kind of bland but the beef was real tender. My wife had the shrimp ramen. She was not a fan. I give it a shot and neither am I.
Old School Hot Dog Stand. The staff was very helpful when ordering. The sausage dog was really good. Fries were great. A pleasant experience all around.
Somewhere between the movie Beetlejuice and the crap flung around a crack whore's apartment lies Curiouser and Curiouser - the retail incarnation of schizophrenia. \n\nAvoid this dump and its insane owner like the plague.
Good coffee and tea, as well as gluten free cookies. Great place to grab a quick coffee but very hard to find a place to sit! Don't even bother going there to read or write on a rainy Sunday morning..
The sandwiches are like no other and the wings are great and even can be ordered grilled. The beer selection is absurd.
Delicious pizza, love the decor too. There are plenty of vegetarian choices. I ordered the margherita pizza and it was delicious, though a bit more basil would have been nice. Definitely recommended!
um. it's a giant line.  and i didn't even have to wait in \"the line.\"  period.
This Jersey Mikes is alway good. There service is great. They are very nice. This location does a great at job at making you feel like a regular there and they appreciate you as a customer. Highly recommended.
Conveniently located in the Orleans hotel. Good combo of Japanese, sushi bar and Chinese dishes.  We had the Chinese dishes, pan fried seafood chow mein, spicy chicken, hot sour soup, very good, will have try the sushi next time
I definitely recommend trying this place to anyone who hasn't!! What a treat, and finally a break from the norm!! Now if only I could order one up right now with free delivery!!\n\nSo fresh and amazing!! Will be gifting these often!!
More than a year later, and the staff still doesn't have it together.  I give up.
Slow service.  I got my wrong order. Our bottomless mimosas were soo slow. Though I have to say the food was good.
I live the drinks just wish their website was wetter in telling what's in their drinks ... Odd Considering they cater to gym members who would probably would want to know what their taking in
this hotel is affordable, very well located for the mont-royal neighborhood, convenient for bus stops, clean, free wifi, free small breakfast included, nice rooms, nice staff, quiet.  i have been there twice now, and will continue to use it!
Nice change of pace from many of the other bars in the area.  A fun rock bar with some scantily clad bartenders
Mexican pizza tasted like chemicals. The beef in the burritos were awful tasting. Pretty much everything we ordered was terrible. Don't even stop here.
Waste of a drive from the NW part of town.  With Tivoli Village now open, I have a much shorter drive to pretentiousness without ending up in a scene from Twin Peaks.  It was so empty there, that if something happened to me, I don't think I would have been found for days.
I love metro pizza! Been here and other locations many times and have not been disappointed yet. Always on point and great service.
With the closing of b dubbs that was right next door, marjeles has the wing game locked down. I highly recommend the gorilla wings, they are very big and meaty (haha, no homo). Great customer service and good prices, great place to go.
I needed a money order. Went into 7-Eleven they gave quick and service. I was in and out with my money order and a drink 2 minutes.
I was craving Filipino food so this place was the closest place to where I was at. When I walked in I saw only 4 items available. Looks like the 4 items were sitting there for a long time. I ended up leaving without ordering anything. I went to another Filipino place downtown.
First trip to the Luxor, yuck. Stains on the carpet, the two chairs, and the bed covers. Very thin walls in the towers. I must say it was one of the only casinos that didnt stink bad of smoke though, good air.
Friend said he seen Guy from the food network do a show here, so we decided to come and check it out. Got here at 6:30am on the dot and ordered the Enchiladas,  the plate was very good and had good taste to it. \n\nWas expecting a bit more but wasnt bad.
I really enjoyed our stay at Manoir Ambrose. Great location, free Wi-Fi, comfortable beds, warm rooms, great complimentary breakfast with outstanding coffee, nice TVs, excellent rates, etc.
It was a very nice hotel and I enjoyed my stay. The room was very nice with a huge standup shower and large tub.
First time trying Revo and I wasn't really impressed. Ordered the machaca chicken burrito and it was quite flavorless. The chicken was dry and didn't taste like anything. Not really impressed and for the price paid would of rather gotten cheap fast food
I have grill pork have too much fat . I don't know why people give them a good rate like 5 starts.
Came here for a convention. Really nice rooms, everything is automated... Lights, tv, curtains all open or turn on with a touch screen panel. Room service has been great. Restaurants have been very busy, long waits for breakfast and check in. Beautiful hotel next to an upscale mall.
Good location for Italian on the strip. We came here after a long evening of shopping in the mall. I highly recommend getting their lite chicken marsala if you are on a diet. Service at the bar can be shoddy but the food is great. Also, try out their stuffed mushrooms for appetizers.
Ate here on Valentine's Day, 2010 with my husband and another couple. Service was okay, food was mediocre at best.
This is a nice place and my favorite place in Madison. but the manager Mandy is really rude because she would kick people out for no reason. She's stubborn and non-friendly. I wouldn't come back here ever again unfortunately.
Flaming cheese and hummus are the best. They have a fantastic happy hour but the dinners are alright. Go with friends for happy hour and you can't go wrong.
Yum Yum Yum! Try Dynamite Fried Rice! It is AMAZING!
Great services. Cheese biscuits still amazing.
This is the food service selection  at 8:45pm, That is FORTY FIVE MINUTES before they close. WTH!  If you are going to be open until 9;30pm your menu should be available until 9:30pm!!!! Ridiculous!!
Has no military discount. I tried to call in to make a reservation but the gentleman on the phone wasn't very polite, so I'm assuming their customer service isn't up to standards.
Ordered a taco salad and asada taco. Theyre fine. They tasted like home-made tacos in Mexico with a little bit of tex-mex. Good for the money.
Good food and service. Would definitely go back.
Pros:  Nice views from rooms, observation deck, Top of the World restaurant, sports book, hookers, rides and sky diving.\n\nCons: clientele, hookers
I pay my rent here. They ship stuff, print money orders, sell stamps and greeting cards. A spritely couple runs the shop and they are extremely kind, if a bit brief in their responses. I guess they send faxes too, but who uses those?
You must try the stuffed French Toast!!\nJackie the Owner is a great person to talk to you can tell she puts in the effort into her place.
Are you kidding me. First room wasn't clean. 2nd room had flooding in the shower. They will upgrade to a smoking suite . No way! Then the front desk rep hung up on us while in conversation.
Why did I come here? I must be an idiot! Rip off and woefully inadequate. I was starving. Spoiled from living in San Francisco.
Had a nice  quick  here. The ambiance was nice too, servers were great,all smiling ,sat on booth nice and cozy
Been here many times. Still great atmosphere... food is awesome.. great deal for the money.. always authentic irish atmosphere and entertainment. Dont recommend taking kids.
Visited last night , beef panang curry not as good as first time . Yellow curry with chix and pumpkin really good .  Eggplant with chix very good same as last visit. Still a very good restaurant. Service very good.
Good food, good service. I definitely recommend coming here for a casual and inexpensive meal or for takeout. I personally really enjoy the huraches, but everything on the menu looks good! \n\nBeer specials on Wednesday nights!
Not my favorite place to get gas. The lot is small and usually packed. It's in a hard spot to exit onto brown if you're going west.
This place is an absolute dump if you want your ass stretched out like a porn queen then by all means stop in and have Ted and the crew gang bang horrible place fucking dumpster should be forced to close down.Not one of these establishments have over a 3 star rating how and why anybody would continue to go
Very clean theater with a very friendly staff. Average age of the customers is about 85 yo so try to avoid afternoon showings and go later at night when it's less crowded.
Good lunch specials. Small clean dine in area, friendly server was helpful with my wife's restricted diet.  \n\nWe were pleased and will return for more. Very notable was the soup, delicious.
Usually pretty helpful. They have parts for my quadcopter, which my wife bought me here. She also had very nice service from the staff. A little pricey, but to me, that is worth the convenience of it being close to my house.
great late night place to grub!!!  happy hour discount after 11pm!  it's like a 5 minute ride from the strip or a really easy drive if you have a car.  the food and price is decent; and so far it's never been so crowded that I had to wait.
Great little cosmetics shop with many different brands. I love that you can pick scents and customize your own lotions, etc.\n\nAlways a definite stop for me when Im in Madison.
Very disappointed to pay for covered parking and end up with large amounts of bird poop on the roof, windshield and one side of my car. The attendant refused to discount the bill. Will be parking elsewhere next time.
It was ok. We went there to watch a game and it took a while to get seated. They sat us at our own tv but then failed to put the game on for about 15 minutes which was annoying. The food was okay not the best nachos but a good beer selection for sure.
Wonderful room for comedy! Small and dark, just the way you're supposed to see comedians do their thing. Nothing fancy, just a few rows of tables, a stage up front and a bar in the back. Loved it!
Went on Mother's Day with wife and family.\nSteaks were average for the price. Very good service. Chocolate cake very good, but overpriced. Good middle level family steakhouse.
Been seeing Dr Richards, very professional, always gets me in right when I arrive or shortly after. The whole center has been fabulous.
Great food. Great customer service. Very speedy. We will be back! Best chinese food in the area.
We wanted to try this place because we had a coupon. We haven't been here before. It was a nice place. The food was pretty good and the service was ok. \n\nWe can't wait to come back again.
Such a great view from the patio.  Delicate fish flow in from Italy with inspired service.  We were shocked with the flavors showcasing freshness complimented with subtle seasoning.  A must have is the dorato and octopus. \n\nWill be back soon
Pretty ghetto. Cash only and Mexican food for gringos, ie not good. They charge you for more chips.
Over priced. Service not so great. Didn't inform us they were out of uni and toro before ordering many dishes and appetizers.... On the other hand, the sushi chef was very cool and very pleasant.
Good service. Very interesting place.  Great location.  Good coffee and beer, and great people watching.  We always stop there when we are downtown.
I didn't really enjoy this place as much as I though I would menu was a bit bleh..or maybe it.just wasn't my day.
Just wanted a small cup of coffee.  Maybe it was old but pH was low enough to etch metal.  The soy milk they added curdled upon impact.  I had one sip and tossed it immediately.  I won't go back.  Where can one get good coffee and not a blended drink?
They have a real grill. With FIRE! Take cash, because that's all they accept. I did it up right with a dog basket and vanilla milk shake.\n\nThe line seemed long, but they've got such a system that it moved really quick.
Went here during a recent trip to Vegas. I thought the food was ok, but \"meh, I've experienced better\" which is 2 stars. Not quite sure what the basis of the numerous 5 star reviews is?? Oh well, on to the next one...!
Very yummy!! Great service!! Had a great time with my family and we will definitely be going back!!
Best Coffee in Vegas, hands down, although I always get the same Heavy Creme Lattee, still, it's awesome!
Was a hot day and thought I would love some Gelato. I tried three fruit flavors because I thought it would be refreshing and I could not even eat them.  There was some thing about them i did not like. My girlfriend tried the pistachio and that one was good. maybe I just ordered the wrong flavors.
I went back and tried the vegan scramble and it was delicious. The girls there are really sweet and attentive. And again and excellent latte!
Love the spicy chicken. Just tell them off the broiler and it will be fresh and juicy.
Went for the 1st time and the last time this week.   Called in the order and went to pick it up.  Which all went well until I looked at my bank account two days later.  They gave themselves a tip!    Watch your account if you don't use cash.  They help themselves to your money.
they really do make you eat with your hands!!! the food was decent. the soup was good, but it got cold really fast. The game hen was good just a bit dry. the desert was blah..... the show is funny, but really really corny. Great for kids tho!
I thought I was in a midwestern bar in the late 1980's.  This is my kind of place with 6 pool tables in the bar.  They have reasonably priced drinks, they take care of their regulars, I have hit two four of a kinds here already and they have karaoke every Friday and Sunday night.  I dig it.
I was really surprised at how small this place was.  The dance floor is basically a hallway.  This club is basically like a better looking version on Body English imo.   I would rather just go to Tryst or Tao.....even Mix.
Their broth is pretty good here. Taste really fresh
Perfect size sandwiches! We had the tomato soup, tuna melt, and original 1762 (which I would highly recommend!). Delish!
It's Mimi's.  There the same everywhere.
This place is so fun!  KT makes some incredible handmade jewelry, and you can always find some truly unique vintage duds for very fair prices.  I can tell KT puts a lot of love into stocking and maintaining her store, which makes me want to come back again and again because I never know what I'm gonna find.
This place is the pits! Slow, Expensive and useless. Happy Harry's was so much better. I'm never coming back.
Yep, it was that bad.  LONG line and no one in a hurry to get you on your way.  A long wait upstairs, then a wait downstairs and finally, a wait to get out of parking garage.  And this was on a Tuesday.  I can't imagine during a really travel peak.  C'mon enterprise, pick it up.
Fun fun fun!!!\n\nGreat atmosphere , good vibes!\nMy son loves going there\n\nGreat area for eating, chillin and enjoying time with the children
This is one of the filthiest restaurants I have ever had the misfortune to go into - I was shocked that this place remains open.  The food was worse than mediocre - truly poor in every aspect.\nICK.
Restaurant was open but there was no server to be found. So we just walk out and went somewhere else.
What a disappointment. This hotel retained the original Sahara Infrastructure and it shows in the awful layout of the hotel and small rooms. The AC didn't work and security is almost non-exist. The graffiti inspired casino is sloppy and looks incomplete. The only thing that saves this hotel is the restaurants.
The waffle cone isnt free.  The store should be fined for false advertising.  They measure the cone on the weigh machine so they jack you.  $10 for a small amount of yogurt is pwnage
Dear Luxor,\nPlease fix your elevators & get wifi.\nThank you.
the manger joy is very rude. will not come back here
Good food and service nice location,a little put off by not being able to mix couple of pancakes without being charged seperatley for each one. The size of cakes also kind of small for price of 7.95 for 3 protein cakes.
What Happened to this place? High prices and bad food...
Lots of junk which makes it fun for the kids
Very knowledgeable!! No magic cards though :(. Not very hard to find (if you look At the sign). They have a nice 1960s 1$ section!!
Amazing food! Huge portions of food. Service was quick and efficient. We had the sage chicken.
After selling me fake pee that didn't work,  I didn't come here for over a year. Heard about a vape they had, decided to buy it. Girl working there shut the door in my face, \"we're closed\". Ted, I'll take my business to Skyhigh.
This is my Smiths, lol. I've been coming to this location for decades!! They've always been professional and courteous. Everything there is well socked and have many discounted items. With self check-out as well, it's easy to get in and out with everything you need.
Decent place for lunch.  Lively environment. Friendly, professional staff.
The staff here is super friendly. Brought my car in for some brake work and was extremely happy with how kind and sweet Barry, Gina, and Danielle were. The techs are also very nice and you don't see that often. Will defiantly be bringing my vehicle here for my vehicles needs.
Great slides for the three year old; haven't had a service issue, beyond typical fast food worker apathy.\nOil needs to be chaned in the fryer. :-P
We just had a large party for lunch. Salads, pizzas and pasta were great! Cannoli and tiramasu was gone in seconds with no leftovers. Pizza with pepperoni and sausage was my favorite. The thin crust is awesome. Manager was super nice.
Love this place.  This place served Thai, Malaya and some Vietnamese food here. My favorite for appetizer is the Indian pan cake (roti canai). Service a little slow but the food are great so it makes me forget about services HA. Enjoy!!!
Went before our show. Great good, ambience & service.  Very very pricey, reviews said avg check $50..... Ummmm no unless you say per person
I had a bacon, cheese burger.  It was average bar food.   The have decent selection of draft beers.  Outdoors patio is nice, includes TVs, fire pit, even a swing.  Metal tables were kinda wobbly.  Great venue for a big group!
Growing up in an Italian family I am a foodie. So when it comes to Italian restaurants I am highly analytical. \nThis place does not come close to passing the test!\nMy penne aribiata had an overwhelming taste of freezer burn!!\nEy oh!! Make some fresh stuff!!
Great service and food!  Staff was very attentive and the decor was very nice...very classy....
The food is very good, the service not so much.
Bring your own water and food if your exhibiting or walking a show. It's overpriced and the lines are ungodly long.
First of all... Thank you Alicia for being an amazing bartender! Knew the bar, beer and menu by heart and very friendly. I will definitely come back. Food was great and so were the drinks.
I like chase field.  There are a ton of food choices, it's a nice central location in the valley and there are plenty of good seats.  I wish the neighborhood was nicer or they'd build more around it, but it's okay.
Everything was great except for the burgers they are greasy and very charred compared to other stores.
The casino is great and full of life but the hotel rooms aren't keeping up with the crowd....not suites like venetian or palazzo and it's kinda far from the poppin' clubs. if you want to just gamble then stay here.
Great sushi, I really haven't had anything else, I've been twice for lunch.  Very wide range of rolls to choose from, and the sashimi love boat is amazing!  Reasonably priced, clean, great service; highly recommended.
I went here yesterday. I was seated quickly wait staff was excellent. But the sushi was over priced and not very good. I had the monkey roll and the salmon lover no rice they were 12.00 each not impressed I won't be going back
Cold, over salted, bland - a sampling of various dishes produced nothing good. A fall from a three star.
FYI this place just went out of business due to health code violations! Sorry to see it go I really enjoyed getting my groceries from here! Not sure what the violations were but that's the story I'm getting!!!
I love coming here.  Being able to make my noodles the way I want is awesome plus the kids love it.  Very affordable too. It gets very busy around lunch time but the line moves fast.
This was the best mexican food i have had in a long time! Everything from the chips and salsa, to the enchiladas even the drinks were amazing!  We will be back!
Great service and friendly staff but we had a group of twenty four ppl for a bday party but they wouldn't let us bring out a home made bday  cake because they \"don't allow outside desserts\". Also they didn't split the checks
Great fresh healthy food! Multiple types of fish on top of salads, in tacos, or on a tasty plate.
Well the food is so so not really good\nI was eating lunch with all my family this morning\nAnd the food was terrible and the server is unfriendly ...
This was our first time at Divine Bistro & Wine Bar. We have been to Daniel before so we knew what to expect at D'Vine Bistro & Wine Bar. Obviously very different from Daniel but the food and service was just as exceptional. It is a perfect spot for amazing food but with more of a relaxed feeling.
Stopped for breakfast while waiting for my connection in PHX. Food quality was really poor. Wilted fruit, soggy home fried and an undercooked egg. Would not recommend to a friend.
Went with a group from work.   Hamburgers reminded me of high school cafeteria,  service was slow waitress shorted every person that paid cash.  Beers were warm and way over priced.   Way over crowded and not worth the cost for games.   Was rather disappointed to have to pay $2.00 for my game card.
I know I'm talking about customer service alone, but these guys were the BEST! We were helped my Adam to find some play sand and Michael helped us at the cash register. Although it was getting close to closing time they were very amiable and seemed to know where things are located. I was very pleased with tonight's experience.
Such a great store. They stock everything (EVERYTHING), including: cards, hand puppets, necklaces, books, etc... Kards Unlimited seems to take great care in choosing store products for sale. Definitely my favorite store on Walnut.
Food and friends. Doesn't get better than this
Great place to dance, with no cover or lines. I love the large music videos by the dance floor. However the guy tossing his cookies in the corner grossed me out! He should have been tossed out himself!  4 stars for the dance floor, no lines, no cover, and just a really fun place, 1 star for the guy tossing his cookies!
Beautiful view, but surely the worst meal i have ever had. My eggs rancheros had no flavor! How is that possible?? And Scott's Benedict was so bland! These cooks clearly hate their jobs and are surely sabotaging it.
Crowded with lots of youngins, bartender seemed a but rude and full of himself, oh and there's a fog machine on the dance floor. It's very \"club-y\" not to say it isn't fun, I did have a good time here but it wouldn't be number 1 on my list.
Service wasn't that great. The prime rib has no flavor. The portions were smaller than you would get at a French restaurant. Dessert looked decent but it looked better than it tastes.
Good breakfast joint. They have all the basics plus the catchy protein pancake. It is good but I'd like fresh blueberries in it, not the canned kind like when you make blueberry muffins.
You can ask to try samples! Watch out for the nuclear cherries, they're soaked in everclear!
This place has sub-par rolls, mediocre fish quality and overpriced everything. I haven't tried their meat dishes so maybe that's why people love this place but as far as sushi goes, I would not go here again.
Can I just copy/paste my review from the Mesa location? There's nothing really more to say than this place is amazing! Thank you so much for introducing me to this place, Chase!
Artie was great!  Quoted me over the phone, arrived the next day on time, spent 15 minutes in my house fixing the problem and cleaned up after himself.  Excellent service!
Nice!!\nThere are many difference selection of beef!!\nAll tasted good, especially the Kobe
Amazing food at great prices. I love the biscuits and gravy and the kielbasa and sauerkraut. The cakes are amazing!!!! And I love that you can special order cakes and pies for whatever occasion. I also enjoy the \"We Support Our Troops\" wall.
It's not that delish.
I absolutely love this place!!! They have the best wonton soup. Rich, flavorful, and delicious! The food runs on the spicy side so beware! But definitely one of the best Thai restaurants I have ever been to!
Food is ok, kind of bland. Chicken was chewy and cold. Nothing special about service either.
Best Mexican Food in the valley!!!  Yummmmmmy!!!!!!  Super nice family!!!!
We were a bunch of French people  I must admit the lunch was absolutely fantastic we really enjoy all our meals and the desserts, amazing \n\nThanks to the chef and to the servers  for the very good service.
Great food from the Yucatan!  Care and tlc in their product.  Carlos is a character and makes you feel welcome.  The habanero salsa is a winner if you can handle it (which i do a drop at a time!).
Burgers are a bit small for the price.  I wasn't blown away by what was served here.  Everything is almost a la carte so expect to spend about $20 a person just for the food (no drink, tax or tip)\n\nFood also took awhile to come out.  Not too crazy about this place.
Excellent food for the price. The wife and I enjoyed the tofu soup.
Not very many perks but they have some good machines. I won a couple hundred bucks on a game called kitty glitter.
Craft cocktails made by hand.  Bartenders are artists.  This is not a bar to have a Miller Lite or a Captain and Coke.  In fact, I would suggest to ask the bartender to surprise you.  I can assure you they will.
Good food but very very pricey. It's in the airport so that's why. Clean restaurant. Took a while to get our order in but when finally greeted my waitress she was really nice.
A disappointment. The casino itself was nice but that's it. You have to pay for drinks. The players card they offer is a joke. You have to play a certain amount if money before you get any free play.
This is just another one of the many burrito and taco restaurant that are similar to moes or Chipotle . Overall it is probably not that exceptional. However for being in an airport the prices are pretty good and the food is decent. I got a bowl there for about $8.
This store is now closed.  I was there for the 2009 tempe Art Walk and the signage was already torn down.  Sad, very sad!  Only two left in this area are at Mill Creek and Mesa.
Can't beat the free bd grand slam!
Great old school diner feel. Food was great, staff was not terrible but nothing to rave about especially when its slow. \nYou have to go once to try the burgers, its a little pricing but you get a ton of food which makes up for the price.
Wow. You could dominate with a place like this. Instead it just sucks. Too long to make drinks, bad food. Mediocre service. The best I can say is it's coffee when you need it.
Great rooms with the players club room comps! Our free 2 night stay was awesome! Our room was right over the pirate show, facing the strip, and the room was huge! It was a Great Success!
Pretty good buffet, quality was decent.  The day I visited they were missing some key produce due to supply issues.  Good service.
This place is amazing! Probably my favorite Thai food in the valley. Fresh ingredients, great flavors and very authentic. We got ours to go and it still was perfection. I got the spicy noodles with chicken and egg roles. Perfect amount of heat. The egg rolls were crunchy heaven. I highly recommend this place.
One year later - my hair still looks great, after every haircut, every day. Marilo is really good at cutting short, curly hair. Can't recommend her highly enough!
As good as Metro and half the price!\n\nGreat Pizza and Sandwiches!
This place has been around for a while and, besides having expanded to include the neighboring building, it hasn't changed much. The service is generally bad, the tacos are good, the picnic tables feel dirty, and it's an okay place to stop in for a beer.
Perhaps expected in an airport terminal, but the burrito my wife and I had were just barely food. The lettuce was browned and the wrap soggy. The only redeeming point was the beans are lard-free.
Good times, great beers, but again , the VIP section was lacking.\nSeems like we paid extra to have access to clean bathrooms for the first hour.\n\nThe bands were excellent!!\nDetailed update soon!!
not my fav! weird mixture of sit-downy restaurant and bar, with neither being really good.
Original Pancake House's pancakes are great!  The best I've ever had?  No, but among the best.\n\nServers are consistently friendly and efficient, and the dining area is always clean.  Portions are generous, and prices are fair.
They were quick & easy. Although they forgot to take off my discount on my total.
My favorite place to stay in Vegas.  I always get free  upgrade - all you gotta do is ask :)
First time here, great steak ! ! \n\nvery quiet atmosphere , when we dine here
I will never be back to this Best Buy and would advise everyone else to find a more customer friendly store.
Yummy Lobster Pho! Well worth the drive. Opens at Noon for lunch stays open till 4am!
Food was good. The male singer was good too. Everything was working out well until the female singer started singing. The happy mood we all were having suddenly turned bad. Her singing was OFF key ....  If u just have the male singer there u will have more customers who will come back!
Pizza is amazing here! My favorites are the Quattro Fromagii or the Margherita DOC. They have a good wine list and great happy hour specials. Service is always great.
People of Walmart primo catch in the odd hours. I sometimes have to grab something late after work. and I  am in the area so hey...\n\nI don't really know much to say. I had a lot of my interesting stories but chose to delete them as some were rather TMI or rude.
Took two and a half hours to get our food. All our food was the thrown together in the same pan. Not worth the $55.
To bad it is closing its doors.  Ace hardware is a great place to get good advice on whatever your project.  Not like the other hardware store chains.
A dinner guest brought us a selection (dozen) of the little Bundt cakes.  They were absolutely delicious and moist.  Lovely presentation!  I will definitely buy these sometime!
They have a great menu, but if you can't get what you order, it sucks! Bartender Leanne says I can get hash browns instead of fries and then brings fries. Disappointed.  She was telling her patrons about all the shots she had last night
This property just needs to be torn down. Fertitta brothers I hope you are on Yelp. Just a bad property.\nDirty, old, grimy and outdated. Just don't stay here. But do go to the oyster bar!
Should rename the place Slowmed. Never coming back here. Took 2 hours to be seen...and the waiting room was empty.
I like PF Chang restaurants.  This wasn't the best experience I've had there, though.  The food was very average; nothing to write home about.  The service was decent, only because it was a ghost town on a Saturday night.  ....very average, not like most experiences I've had with this chain.
Why can't 0 be a choice? I have called there two different times, both within their hours and not been able to order food. Just a note to the owner of Farley's... your people at the Ballantyne location are not providing nearly the service they should.
I came for a second try and was very happy !!  I had the burger and my wife had the philly !! my son had the hot dog !! it was a great experiance !! made up for the first one..
The food was bland and the ciabatta bread was too hard to eat, but the employees were very pleasant.
Good place for wine and beer. Otherwise, place is expensive. I rather go out of my way to Trader Joes or Target. Not complaining about the quality of their stuff (produce and bakery are usually pretty good), just pricey. Oh, and their front staff act like they really love their job (sarcasm)!
Not sure I will be coming back here ever.  Yuck all around.  I Dare say McDonalds might be better.
I really wanted to find a local shop that I could trust with all of our vehicles. The guys here are great - it's a family owned shop - and all the techs are super friendly which is an added bonus. Glad I found this gem!
A nice relaxing atmosphere but greasy food.
This bakery has the freshest, best tasting homemade cupcakes and cookies that I've ever had in my entire life. ..If you haven't been here you definitely need to make a special trip to do so ..Its well worth the the time, money and, drive.
Would definitely recommend. Was very truthful about my gas was turned off on heating unit by the last company that did my air conditioning maintenance in the spring. Since there was a reasonable service call fee, technician looked over unit as well as thermostat to make sure everything was working correctly.
I had great hopes for this place but I was very disappointed by very foul smelling and tasting oysters, followed by mediocre chow main and fried rice. A place that tries to cater to many cuisines usually would fail at being good at any cuisine.
The frozen hot chocolate was okay..Its like a chocolate milk frappuccino with whipped cream and shaved chocolate on top. I would buy it again but only if I had a real sweet tooth at the moment, I mean it is about $9 for this drink. Its worth trying I guess. Not the BEST drink but just okay.
I take my six-year-old son here for his Mohawk cut. They do a great job, are always friendly and the wait is pretty short when you just walk-in. I've tried a few other shops in the Surprise area and this place is head and shoulders superior.
Never been to a better coffee shop! The staff here are even better than the coffee!! I also enjoyed one of their many vegan options & had the Zucchini muffin. ..yummm. Come enjoy this place!
Pancakes are huge! They were right. But I ordered the classic Benedict which satisfied me. Couldn't help staring at the food across from me. This place has my attention.
Last night i shattered my screen at the club and the bartender there recommended I go check out AZ iPhone to get it fixed. When i got there i couldn't believe how many accessories and options they had! I decided to get the glow in the dark front and back and it looks amazing! Couldn't be happier thanks so much!
If you like great service and an even better all natural yogert this is the place be!  Be Warned... Red Mangot's relaxing environment can become highly addictive and you might find yourself there daily.
Found Candinas via Consumer Report. Since then Markus has pleased my wife, daughter, mom and stepmom on several occasions. Have tried other chocolatiers and keep coming back to Candinas. Packaging is nice but not keepsake. Made to be eaten fresh.
great food, fresh ingredients, clean and cheap.  A great place
It is a diner in the Strip.  Staff is friendly, food is good.    They require a $9.00 minimum order for credit/debit cards.  Most menu items are in the $7 range.
Every time I get an ice coffee it ends up tasting completely different every single time and worse and worse. No matter who makes it.
Wow, the worst ever. Chicken was old, close slaw tasted like some dam bullshit, straight mayo and plastic tasting. Did I mention the chicken was old and now an upset stomach, JERKS.
Worst ever. Don't use this airport shuttle service to the main strip hotels. Especially if they tell u to stand in line #2.\n\nNever again. Taking a cab is easier and worth saving you from pre-Vegas-fun stress.
Was back here again!! This is the best place for Thai.. Love the food and the service :)
Cool place, good music and great sandwiches at reasonable prices.  Was a regular at the one in Boone and while this one seems a little, um, fake I guess it's still okay.  The Ricochet Rabbit is one of my favorite sandwiches.
Good food. Cute place. The potatoes were 'slightly' undercooked but still good. The grape jelly was delicious.  I want to try their Chicken Salad sandwich so I will for sure go back and try that.
omg. 6 people in the lobby and a clerk that only runs in first gear. no one comes from the back to help.. we are out of here!
It's run down and has a confusing ground floor layout.  Two reasons why I'm giving this place 2-stars instead of 1-star - the Jerky Store and the $2 lobster grab game.
Excellent service friendly staff.  Lemonade sweetened with honey. Braised ribs excellent. Definite lean toward organic farm to table.
I just love these restaurants. Great food and atmosphere . Service can be a bit lacking but that's kinda the vibe here-laid back.\nJust had another pasty tonight-oh so good: bangers and mash
Great find!     We needed a quick fix before heading over to a late show.  This place was great.    Cashier was very polite and professional and pizza chefs were very helpful.   Good pizza - loved the Vegan cheese.   We will be back.
I absolutely love dr amols! However, not very impressed with his front office at all! I have received multiple bills several months after treatment and am a cash patient and was told everything is a flat fee per procedure! It's also so hard to get ahold of them....
I went there last week for the 1st time. Lovely decor. Food was great' I tried their chopped beef sandwich. The sauce has a sweet BBQ flavor. The meat was tender and very flavor able. sides were good also.
Lots to do in the hotel/casino, but it's just so isolated from the Strip!
Eh...this place is okay. I've been to other locations that seem better than this one. Food is so-so, staff is friendly enough, and the atmosphere is fun but it's never been my first choice for Italian when in Chandler.
Amazing night at the bar Becky was incredible. She made my wife a special drink based on one of her recipes.  She totally went the extra mile.
If your looking for bar food, that is what you will get. Average price, average food.
The Auld Hundred is an unchanging institution, which has been around since the 1980s. It's right in the centre of the city. It has fairly typical bar food, with an upstairs area too.
Don't eat anything that didn't JUST come out of the oven. The pizza on the counter is truly horrible, but right out of the oven is fair to middlin.
Maybe they were having an off night? Chips were not that great and the sauce on the enchiladas verdes was very different tasting. Love their guacamole though so I would give them another shot.
This was my first Yelp event and I had a great time! Delicious food, great drinks, fun atmosphere... I met a lot of great people. Cannot wait to go to more Yelp events in the future. Great job Nikki and staff!
Best customer service and most knowledgeable people...these guys are really honest and forthright.... i hate to see bad reviews on the network and not the people who really do their best at the store.
No $5 minimum blackjack tables\nNo electronic craps\nSuper overpriced beers and cocktails\nFood choices are LAMEEEEEE\nFurniture and lighting make the whole place feel cheap.  \n\nI don't like the casino, no I don't.
Came here for lunch the food was good specially the salsa, I had the tostada special and my husband the two taco lunch everything was delicious. The waitress was nice and friendly. $20 it's a good price for this meal.
This place stinks!  If you have ever had real Persian, this is not it. It is Mediterranean fast food with high prices and slow service for what it is. Definitely a disappointment.
Food is decent but will not return again. Bugs and cockroaches in the bathroom. Highly recommend putting some money into this place and fixing it up.
Great tasting Mexican food! I love how fresh everything tastes. This nice little place is great to eat at or take out. It has that authentic atmosphere and it is very decent. Love the steak and chicken tacos. Has a lot of flavor!
Excellent mall, with all the stores you'll typically find the mall + some harder to find stores, like American Apparel and Urban Outfitters. An H&M is coming soon too. There are also quite a few luxury stores as well, such as Coach, Louis Vuitton, and Neiman Marcus.
Liz called me today to apologize for having to cancel my appointment this past weekend. She seemed sincerely sorry, and it sounds like she was stuck in a no win situation and has offered to make it up to me. I look forward to going in at some point to experience her services and update this review to 5 stars.
FLY PROBLEM!!!!!!!!!!!!  Spoke w/manager on duty.  McDonald's will not let them have fly strip!  Makes me wonder how sanitary the food is!  We have a child!  Never coming back to this McDonald's!!!!!!!
Convenient location- right off the freeway, service was nice but the manager was not. Very condescending and rude.  Won't be back.
Worst carwash ever! Over paid not satified they didnt vacum the car, dash not done bunch on young kids dont care. Do not go to this location they suck! I will not go back again.
Ate Kuroi tonkotsu and it was pretty good. A bit too \"kotteri\" to my taste but I know it's been a trend for Ramen shops in Japan.\n\nThis place has been added to my cyclic visits for Ramen.
This used to be one of our favorite Mexican restaurants in North Scottsdale area. We were here the other night and the quality just isn't the same. There are some renovations needed, staff wasn't in the best of moods and the food was just so so. Rumor has it they're selling this location soon though
My wife and I got to Yayo's at 11:00... When they open and were told the kitchen wasn't going to be open for another 20min.
WTF Jose Andres!  I was so disappointed with this place - I feel like he just opened a restaurant with uninspired recipes he found in random places and slapped his name on it.  \n\nThere was nothing special at all going on here. Had about 7 dishes and not a single one excited me.  Definitely pass.
I very much like this place and from a 3rd wave coffee lover's perspective, this is well worth a visit. \n\nI love Cartel.  Every time i make it to Arizona, I come here.  The coffee is amazing, the staff know what is up, and the decor/feel is nice.
Good burgers. Great place for a good old fashion hamburger, fries and a beer.
The best Curry  Katsu I've ever had!!!!! Will definitely be back for more, my folks wouldn't even let me enjoy my food in piece, everybody wanted some!!! The wait was very long but ill wait again for that food.
it was ok, no music or anything fun going on. He re polished my toes which lasted a long time. :-). Manicured my nails ok
Best Mexican food I've ever had anywhere in the states.
Come to this location a lot in the summer. Very nice staff, excellent mix of flavors that change daily, very clean and there is seating outside. Great family time experience after a long hot summer day.
Rude customer service on the phone-like you are doing me a favor even answering my questions regarding bringing my vacuum in for repair=I am going somewhere else.
Great little Mexican grill with indoors and outside seating.  Staff was very attentive and food absolutely delicious .... except we didn't like the salsa -- way too hot.  Their bean dip was fantastic as were the enchiladas and tacos.  Love the place and will definitely return.
There was a time I really enjoyed this place, those days are gone. The wait is too long for sub-par, over-priced bar food. I will say they do have good beer specials, kudos to that.
I thought a lot of fuss about nothing - but then I lived in the south for 8 years.  The biscuits were great, but the beef brisket not so much.  Mac and cheese yes.  Very loud and the service was not great.  Thought it was expensive as well.
I love this place. Great decor, upscale Mexican.  The guacamole is outstanding.  The enchiladas Diego are the best I have ever experienced.  A must for Mexican food lovers.
I love it here. Never ate a single bit but the locals are funny, the bartenders cool & it's easy.
If you must eat in this hotel, i suppose this is the place to do it. Glad my meal was compd'. Food isn't bad, just too expensive for what you get. I would have regretted paying for it.
Came here for the beer. Had myself a grilled cheese. Left happy. I tried the Ale and the Milk Stout. The milk stout is exquisite! Creamy delicious but not too thick and has good malty notes on the tongue. I will definitely be coming back.
LEILANI YOU ROCK!! Came in with shoulder pain and a headache, left walking on clouds....
Thanks for a great brunch, Donna. The veggie crepe and banana nut muffin were yum!\n\nMy husband had the works crepe and he said it was really good.
Excellent place if you want to wait in line well the door guy lets all of his friends in. And then has the nerve to ask If ill give him a 20 spot to get in. If I owned this place would be pissed. Letting money walk right by.
Walk-ins not welcome: I would have loved to have gotten a haircut here while in from New York on vacation, but after being told for nearly an hour that I was next in line I was done waiting and left. Nobody really seemed to care, and I certainly won't be wasting my time trying again.
Perfect coffee! worth for money. Right behind my office ;)... Indian flavor chai available here!
I love a bargain, but this store is SO pricey, I was surprised.  The merchandise would be considered expensive for new, in my opinion.  Don't get me wrong, it's a nice store but the prices drove me out the door within minutes of walking in.  Sorry, but this Land, is not my Land.
Wasn't the best time I've had at a club. Dance floor was small. DJ kept playing same stuff over again.  Waited at bar forever just to be helped by a rude bartender.  I asked security for help & it's was no bueno. I won't come back.
This place is old but the food is good. The compliments arent that great...such as the basil and bean sprouts they give out. Their soy milk is made fresh and does not come from a Yeo's can.
Food was amazing!!! Service was great!! Atmosphere was very nice! All around great restaurant. :)
Update: as of the first of the year, they are no longer offering free iced thai tea and iced coffee; although they are offering free soda with a dinner entree purchase.
This place has a lot of hype but it's actually quite out-of-date on the music and no room to do any dancing anymore - too many booths!!
A Great evening on Portland's patio with friends, enjoying the best burgers and wines ever. Tonight was a Champion Burger w/parmesan fries - Awesome!!!
My husband and I tried this place for the first time tonight. My tepanyaki was amazing. My husband had sashimi and loved it. The pieces were a little small and the menus were sticky, otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
Whip cream donuts are amazing!
The staff is the best....Thanks Ginger,  Brian,  Tamara and Jesse. The food is also Delish. Everything had been good.
Ups is horrible! I could write a novel on it. Seriously look at their facebook fan page. It is depressing!
Check your order before you leave, got all the way home only to open the wrong order and I am a vegetarian so that was super disappointing.  Not my first choice of Jimmy Johns locations to go running back to.
The food was good, not great. I have definitely seen a better spread for an Indian buffet,  but considering it's location on the strip , the quality of food and the price, it's definitely worth a trip, especially of you're craving spicy vegetarian food.
Awesome! Spicy Miso ramen blew me away! This will be our go to ramen spot when we're  in Vegas!!!
I got a living social coupon to come here to get my truck washed, they are a bit slow, they get the job done ok.\nThey have several seating places inside and out which helps, but it is a bit too slow.
Another one of Emeril Lagasse's restaurant that you can't go wrong with!!!The steaks are as good as delmonicos!!!the service is top notch!!!
This place is just too much fun. The music and dancing is great and the flair bartenders are simply fascinating to watch. I've spent many hours here but also much of my money. The drink costs are pretty painful to endure.
More affordable and less selective products. My wife hates this place!!
Great Salt & Pepper Shrimp! Kinda spicey, as there are peppers in the mix, but the balance of heat-to-flavor was quite nice.  Mr. Beijing Lo Mein did not disappoint. Fast and friendly delivery.   Still recommend!
Awesome environment, great lights and music, nice food and nice price. The quite and pleasant atmosphere helps a lot on the food enjoyment.
Sushi rolls are okay. Not very authentic. The tuna was lacking in flavor, probably frozen. Teriyaki was really sweet, tasted a lot like mikarashi (rice cake sauce). Next time we'll spend our money at Miko's Izakaya.
It must have been an off night, but my wings were horrible.  We ordered several different flavors and they were all bland and greasy.  The temperature at the place must have been over 80' and the decor looked worn down like our waitress.
I love this place great doctors, friendly staff, convienent location and convienant hours.
We took our Yorkie here last week and we were so pleased.  They squeezed us in on a moment's notice.  It was night and day compared to the grooming at Petsmart (our first dog, be forgiving :) haha)  Very nice and informed staff.  Highly recommend.
Located right in the Golden Nugget hotel this little Italian cafe/restaurant surprised us with their quality and service. The place gets pretty  packed around dinner time. They offer room service too.
What a wonderful little greasy spoon diner. Breakfast special was AWESOME and totally worth the reasonable price. Nice little local place with good food and a basic atmosphere.
Stopped by here a couple friday nights ago. I kept getting fed some hardcore marg's and when it got late they had street taco's on the patio!!! The tables cleared out around 10:30 and the dancin began. It was a fun time.
If you want a thick greasy delicious burger that will clog your remaining arteries and wreck your gastrointestinal tract, come to smash burger ;).
Drive thru is sloooooooow. How slow? I had enough time to create a yelp account and write this review. I have two cars in front of me, c'mon Del Taco!
This is our go-to place when we want to spoil ourselves.  The bread and pesto if phenomenal!  The lobster ravioli is divine.  And we love the lemoncello at the end with the yummy biscotti.  The wait staff is very attentive.  You WANT to go here!
Rock on Smeeks!  You continue to inspire awe and a return to childhood and all that is good.  I went in today with a group of 7 and the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful.  Again, thank you, for existing.
Yummy white mocha! Uncomfortable seats outside and hardly any inside, but I'd still go back. Never personally had problems with the staff. Pony-tail dude is always nice to me...
good but too busy
Just a bad night. Maybe but, bad service and food is unforgivable when paying big dollars. Nothing more to say.
Love that cinema is at the entrance, so you avoid the walking through the casino floor. Tuesdays, movies are $6 all day, however, they do not have a huge listing on movies AND rarely kids movies! This knocked a star down....clean place and snack bar prices are just like an other theatre.
I used to really like this place. It used to be really really really spicy which was the big draw. Now it's just a kind of awful mexican food place where everything is bland. The one in ahwatukee still has some spice. Please make this restaurant more like the other Los Dos Molinos.
No vegetarian options, and staff always too busy and not personable.
Fresh sushi with a great assortment of rolls.  Service is on top of it.  They have large TV's for watching games. Only neg. place could work on cleanliness.
Are lunch there today and loved it. Hot and sour soup with onion pancakes were both great\nMy new favorite Chinese restaurant\nAcross the street from Wendy's noodle House which is also very good
The last two times I have been to this RL the food has been really bad. The wait staff are ok. They try to be friendly. This used to be one of the better RL. Really disappointed now.
Yummy yummy yummy!  Delicious french toast, pancakes and eggs.  It's a treat to go out to breakfast and a double-treat if you go to Scramble.  I wish the breakfast included a little more food for the price though.  Otherwise it would be a 5-star for me.
Hotel is nice inside and out.   Room decoration and amenities needs urgent improvement, ample parking space and good buffet restaurant inside.\n\nHotel rates we got was awesome and the hotel staffs should attend customer service re-orientation.
Stained sheets, hair and food byproduct on nightstand When we got our replacement sheets there was no offer to change them as they were thrust into our hands. Burned out lightbulbs and towels that look like what I use to dry off the dog.
Outback food is fairly consistent.... Not bad for a Sunday night takeout....however they consistently FAIL to give us everything we order.  This was our last takeout night from them....  Shame....matching what's in the bag doesn't seem to be that difficult to me.
Delightful little place!  Went for brunch and love the super fresh eggs, fresh squeezed juices, good tea, thoughtful food choices, and generally refined feel. \n\nWouldn't think twice about going back any time.
Awful service I would give them 0 starts if I could. Asked for no vegetables with our chicken said would be a extra $1 to not give us the food it came with the Ginger and wasabi hard as a rock and rude!
Nice atmosphere and a great menu and everything looked really good. However, I have never experienced more salt in my food ever. It's a shame because everything looked and sounded good but I just can't get past the over loading of salt. This review based only on the food , everything else ( beer selection, service) 3.5 stars.
There drive through staff is terrible. Never get orders right and they repeat the wrong orders about 10 times.  I have never gone here and got an order right.
Okay, I finally got the poutine and it was pretty good. I was just hangry on the last review. Sorry Mange-Moi, I love you again.
OK food. But HORRIBLE service :( the waitress messed up the order and then lied about how long the food would take.
I make an effort to come here every time I'm in town.  It is so worth it the HH menu has really good portions of food for the price.  I recommend the calamari and the sushi rolls.
Worst food  and service ever;  about 1 tablespoon of filling in a breakfast burrito and clerk wouldn't answer any questions: food tastes bad - pass this restaurant by!
Absolutely the WORST SERVICE!!!!!!! They do not help with anything. I've been there twice in a week and both times I've wanted to pull my hair out. They are extremely rude. FIND A DIFFERENT AUTOZONE.
Went based on reviews. Highly disappointed. Strangest wine list. Completely arranged by price. We are wine drinkers and gave up on bottles.  Sweet savory fusion not successful. Worst risotto ever, tasted like perfume. Big group tasted lots of things, only liked cop salad and mushroom dish. So sorry
The food is BAD, even for bar food.  I'd rather go to any number of other Bars in the area to eat.  The service is Also BAD, another problem.  Dining area was almost empty and we had to constantly look for our waitress.  I wouldn't recommend it, too many other better options.
The sushi was stale, old and gross. There are no waiters, customers have to order at a counter, get there own drinks and serve themselves.
Good will is hit or miss. If you look through everything you can usually find some deals. They have a 50% sale on select Saturdays that usually helps save you some more money.
Shitty ass fries man!
Nice small decor. High expectations based on the yelp reviews. The gumbo was spicy. As in too spicy to actually enjoy it. Grits were flavorful but very thick. Not very creamy in texture.\nThe catfish po boy was about the best thing going on at this place.
Amazing food and a beautiful atmosphere! I got a delicious coconut dish that tasted like heaven. The sweet tea tastes like green jasmine tea which is a nice new flavor and goes well with the cuisine. However it was really really sweet and they kept refilling our glasses without asking, so be careful because I got a sugar high!
Really love this place.  It has a very home feel to it and everyone is super nice.\nFood is not stellar, but way above average and well worth the extra trip.
Got a southwest salad and it didn't come with corn... ummm it's southwest it should have corn. Dude was like it cost extra for corn. Waaaaat. Learn your menu.
This place is fantastic! There are a variety of shops and restaurants, all of which are local businesses. The architecture in the park is lovely, and there is a ton of outdoor seating, which will be great when the weather gets a little warmer (it's December now).
Being a little skeptical as to if this would be any good, on the recomandation of friends figured I would give it a try bad location due to the aroma from the cows across the field not horrible but since it's a chain not an independant personally did not find to be great but edible
I'm biased b/c i worked here for two years while on campus. But this subway is much cleaner than the one on John St.  However, dont count on them staying open as late as they say on the door. Serving drunk college students is the worst job ever, so they often close before the already drunk pre-bar crowd
Brilliant meal and service.  We sat at the bar to dine to save waiting for a table.  \n\nYou MUST order the mac and cheese, it's fantastic! I'd go back just for that...
Just moved to AZ from NJ and dinner here was a \"Taste of Home\".  My wife enjoyed the Seafood Marinara, and I thought the Penned w Meat sauce was excellent.  I'll definitely make the trip from N Glendale and eat here again.
Good service, decor is OK, food is just not good. There are probably 10 places in town for better tapas. Would never waste my time going back.
Ribs were dry. Rice was dry. Plantains were the best i've ever had. Beer was cold.
When  I feel like eating healthy this is where I go.  I love the mediteranean tuna pita.  I have tried numerous things on the menu including the chocolate cake (yummy).  I have never been disappointed with anything i ordered and the staff is always very nice.
Very well lit and clean.  I feel safe going to this gas station at any time, even in the middle of the night.  I have never been bothered by panhandlers or solictors like at the other gas stations in the area.
Excellent, authentic Middle Eastern food prepared like you were in someone's home. The owner is eager to please and very accommodating. There are a few vegan options, so I am definitely going back.
Not super impressed. Would take Geisha over Stingray any day, but Stingray isn't awful. Seems Stingray has a more extensive list of sashimi-type dishes though, which is cool for a change.
Great store! So many hard-to-find items. Great selection and I love that they carry so many men's items! Loving the new pair of Lucky Lous that I picked up for a steal! A must-go while in Vegas!
It was OK definitely not a fan of the $15  tacos. For tacos. Seriously. But they were awesome. And food taste was good. Just a bit over priced for small meals
I went there once, nothing special. I think Soup and Noodles across the street really kills their business.
We come here for date nights and love the ambience. We always order the meat for two which is a 34oz slab of meat with a side of bone marrow and potato wedges, plus a glass of red wine and you have the best meat and potatoes in town.
By far the best Indian food restaurant in concord and beyond.
Was at the Yelp Spring Break and walked across Fremont Street to their \"outdoor bar\" to get a couple of beers to take back to the event. One Coors Light and one Budweiser = $12. Yeah, no thanks.
Delicious food, fast and friendly service and not pretentious or high priced. It's a little gem hidden in yet another shopping strip. Glad I found it, will be going back!
Great pizza, worth the wait.  Kinda pricey but acceptable if you've been lucky in Vegas.
I called for painting of my 3300 Sq ft home and interior block fence paint along with some minor stucco repairs.  They were not interested in this size of project.
This place has a Northern Thai focus which is great cause you can find dishes here that are hard to find other places. I don't think I have eaten at a better Thai restaurant in my life.
Great experience!  Dr. W was able to get me in right away, ( I think he keeps a certain day open for new patients).  Took care of my allergy problem and today I'm virtually symptom free.  No nonsense approach and will explain in detail what's going on.  Definitely recommend him.
You would think that a place called Hot Dog Heaven would have super duper fantastic hot dogs.  Sadly no.  I've had better hot dogs from my microwave.  Nuff said.
For the price and the location, I had much higher expectations of this establishment.  Service was spotty and frankly the food was vastly overpriced for what you get.  $60 for dover sole?\n\nOh, and the bar has lots of really old bottles of hundred year old whiskey but only carries 5 kinds of vodka?
Incredible eggs and potatoes. They store has recently changed bacon, to a thin cheap brand. I would avoid the bacon at all cost. I had batter bacon on a Jack in the Box burger the other day.  Overall, a good breakfast place
This is the worst Management Company I have seen. They play favorites especially to people who own multiple properties, They ignore emails and as the other review says they don't call people back. STAY AWAY \nThey moved to Sunset Rd now Nice off ice now you know where the $$ goes
Decent average Americanized Chinese food. The tofu teriyaki bowl isn't bad and has lots of veggies. Sadly there are slim-pickins in East Mesa.
The success of this place is based primarily on the hype and celebrity endorsements and not on the actual product. I ordered a vanilla cupcake($6.50!) and it was stale. This place is a glorified Sweet Factory. Save your cash for Jean Philipe at the Bellagio.
She did my senior pictures years ago and they were great!  I have gotten so many compliments on them over the years and would recommend her to anyone for any occasion. What a fantastic experience!
The staff is very friendly.  I like that.  Love the current quiz question they have hanging right inside the door. If you know the answer think your order is free.
Fantastic dining experience that is well worth the price. Great service with delicious items and nice atmosphere. One of my favorites in Sin City!
Delivery was extremely fast (ordered at 3 and they were here at 3:20) and meal was still warm! I got the plain chicken sandwich and it's delicious. Also, I Loved the candy that came with it!
over priced and overrated
It has a friendly atmosphere and affordable. They have knowledgeable experts. They would never overcharge for their service, and they also have discounts for students. You can make an appointment or walk in. The line gets a little long sometimes, but people don't mind the wait because they are that good.
Anybody who knows what a Detroit Coney Dog tastes likes... needs to check this place out. I've been out here for years and now for finally found the right place. David (owner) welcomes all as family. A little slice of home... here in the valley!
Went with co-worker to grab him some lunch. I got just a soda, but his lunch was made fast and fresh. Very friendly workers there. Pretty accessible location. Decent place.
Every time I come here, I want to leave with something.  The 16 international flavors of Coke is interesting.  It costs $7 and they give you a fair amount, so you could split it with like 2 or 3 otehr people.  Must try it.  Obviously a very touristy place but it's fun.
First time here, hubby and I had the broiled cod and grouper.Came with salad ,sweet potato and hush puppies. Good for a fish camp type of place. Had the delicious chocolate cake for desert. price was good. Definitely will be back again to try the shrimp.
The airport was easy to navigate and clean. no gum on the floor. had to rock my jacket as the airport had some kicking AC going on. the people were nice
Ok hotel. Nothing special. Is located right across from the Epicenter so if you want quiet on the weekends, probably not the best place to stay.
Every time I have ever came to this location service has been speedy, polite, and on point! Drive through tonight was same story. Elliot is a great employee and I appreciate his prompt and polite service. Food is of course good as usual. Keep up the good work!
My friend got deathly sick after eating half a cheese steak hoagie. Never had, but that's enough for me.
Way too main stream and over-priced. Coffee is not as good as what would be found at a local shop where the employees actually care. Employees were rude and slow, even when there were not many customers waiting.
Absolutely DISGUSTING.  Every so called 'food' item looked like it had been sitting there for 10 hours, and based on how I feel right now, I think it might have been 20.  Avoid this place.  Avoid this place.  Avoid this place.
very good pizza.  nice selection of craft draft beer.  staff was friendly.  i will go back to this place when i am in Pitt.
Great food!! They have been in biz for 45 years
Nice place.  I have been there twice.  First time was a 3 today after being there for over 3 hours I came away with a decent pedicure and a half of a manicure.  Unbelievable story and unbelivable wast of time
Service: 5/5 Friendly and accommodating\n\nFood: 5/5 outstanding, outstanding, outstanding pizza
Burgers were good. It's Vegas so the price isn't cheap. I would eat here again. I was shocked it was that good. Service was good. It cost about $10 less the BurGR. My burger was perfect. wasnt burnt.
I was drunk and it still tasted like shit. Two stars!
This place has the best wednesdays in the valley! I love all of their bruschettas! I will always love this place!
Old location was great and had character. Now it's overpriced, average food and ambiance is lackluster.
Big portions, great price, good food.  I'll have to come back and try some new dishes.  There's a lot on the menu
We passed up nearby chain sandwich shops to grab a sandwich at Donna's and are so glad that we did!  Everything was incredibly fresh; we watched the employee put our orders together right in front of us.  The food was delicious and very reasonably priced.  I look forward to going back and trying other items on the menu.
The lady was great but my prescription for contacts she gave me was way off. its all blurry and the contacts made my eyes all red.she said it was my allergies. i am now 300$later wearing my same old glasses with comtacts that i cant see in
Probably my favorite golf course here in Vegas, I play it twice a month at least.  It's always challenging, and while it might take you near to 5 hours to play sometimes, it's so gorgeous out there that I don't mind.  Some of the fastest greens I've played on too.
I have always had good experiences here- the burgers, chicken sandwich, fries, and chili are good. The quality seems better than McDonalds.
Really delicious and fresh food. Can't wait to come back here. I enjoyed the ambience as well. Ordered the kale Caesar in a wrap with the quinoa side. Both were great! The only downside was my food came out about 10 minutes after the other (hot) food did.
Came on s Sunday around 1 pm. Service was good and efficient. Hot & sour soup and Wonton soups were tasty. The chicken and cashew with egg roll and fried rice was enough to split! It was very good and the chicken tender. \nWe have been here 3 times and had a consistent experience
Good is good but the portions are small for the price. They need to decrease their prices or add more food.
The class was excellent.The owner,Mike is very knowledgeable about all the subjects that he covers.He makes sure you understand everything that he covered in class and on the shooting range.The best class ever!
Made the mistake of stopping in again for a beer today.  Pitifully slow service.  We almost left and I wish we had.  \n\nThey now have paintings of nude women!!!! Even more family friendly!
The door guys are complete assholes, even if you do have a table! They really look miserable. My friend had a mysterious extra $700 charge on her credit card from the cocktail waitress. I guess the waitress wanted to add on an extra large tip for herself.
Exactly what you'd imagine from an adorable neighborhood ice cream shop. When it's time to grab a cone, this is where my kid wants to go! Good s'cream too!
Great place to watch a game. Friendly service, honest prices on their drinks, and a great place to make friends :)
This fast food restaurant is located in the food court of the Galleria Mall.  \nWe both enjoyed our gyros, but our piece of baklava was drier than a bone.
Went in and was sized for a bra. I was told that I was wearing the wrong size and suggested a different size.  They did not carry the different size so the fitter/salesgirl suggested I make the compromise to buy the same wrong size I had previously come in wearing.  Silly.
This place is awesome. Nothing fancy, on the expensive side, but very chill and laid back atmosphere. \nGood food, good wine, fun crowd.
Just your average Denny's. It'll do in a pinch.
I've been coming here for years. Great service. Great atmosphere. Across from SouthPark mall. Perfect for a date. Great food. Except to be honest, don't order the macaroni and cheese unless you want to go to the bathroom 8x in one day. I still give them 4 stars.
I enjoy shopping at H&M because of the clothes selection. You can find some really cute clothes at great deals.\n\nWhy the 2 stars? Horrible, horrible customer service.
I have been to the Serendipity's outside of Las Vegas and unfortunately they are all the same...\"OK\". Great for dessert and EXCELLENT for people watching but unless you want to overpay for actual meals, I would go elsewhere.
A bit difficult to find but MAKE the effort - ask directions if needed! Pasta primervera was fresh and light, linguine carbonara was fabulous, so were the meatballs. Save room for dessert though tiramisu & homemade cannoli are to die for!!!
I love this place. All the decades are represented here. Customer service seems to be lacking every time I go, but it's a great place to find really interesting clothes (though unfortunately, not at any bargain). 10% off everything, even the elusive sale items, if you show a student ID.
One of the oldest attractions on the strip but its age does not show. Definitely worth checking out.
I'm not sure if it's a new company standard, or just this location, but I'm never retuning.\nRude service, food was wrong, quantity dropped, quality gone.\nI know it sounds ghetto, but this place was my favorite place for steak, no longer.
I really like this place for a quick business healthy lunch!! The service was friendly and quick. I had the chicken protein bowl and was very tasty! We sat at outdoor patio and was nice.
The payouts are pretty shitty, its like they are trying to pay off the remodle with tight slots. The food is over priced and its seems like 1/2 the people in there are just begging the other 1/2 for money. The comps are also really bad but are getting better.
Very bad service. We basically got ignored all the time. They obviously are busy serving the guest they think are important. I am so surprised this place got such high ratings. The food is only so-so and expensive for its taste. \n\nWon't come again.
Tucked away in a corner of the Palazzo. We came here to get a cup of coffee, was just okay. They also carry a few snacks and pastries, but they didn't look appealing in any possible way, so didn't get them.
If you are hungover, and ready to go home from Vegas come here to eat. Their pho is good, and the service is good. Also they serve their coconut juice/ water straight from the coconut. Delicious! Party hard, and soup it afterwards! ENJOY!
Shrimp burritos are awesome we get them all the time just tell them you don't want that much rice inside. We usually get this to go the self serve salsas are all good this place blows away Moes and Zabas. I approve this message JK KUHL.
I spit most of the food out.  Way overpriced for the quality of food.
French fries were barely warm. BBQ was cold in the middle. Waitresses standing around talking to each other and had to get up and tell them I needed service.  No time for that in an airport.
Bad service. Not authentic Vietnamese food. Very salty. Run down coffee. Not sure why a long line and 4 stars yelp review. A hype. Will not go back again
Bad service today. Two registers open. One cashier taking multiple orders from one customer. The other cashier let someone cut in front of me then decided she was done waiting on customers. With a line out the door there was no manager around. I left without ordering.
If you are drunk and hungry this place will do the trick. If you are a healthy eater steer clear of this place!  Fried chicken and mashed potatoes, a gyro , or some late night omelettes are what you are going to find here. oh yeah and french fries they have lots of those.
So disappointed!  Gone twice now,  & still felt hungry. ..Their sandwiches are small. SUBWAY is better!
Surprised that this place was rather nice inside given the seedy location by Metro.  Parking was decent.  Staff were friendly.  Food options were as good or better than other S.T. locations I've visited in recent months.  Heck, I might have to go back.
I LOVE this place!  My sister jokes that the only reason she comes to visit me in Arizona is for Postino's!
The only thing I liked about this buffet was the price. Other than that, it was not as good as I thought.
This is a good place for lunch.  I enjoy the food, very well prepared.  Not a very fancy place, probably a lot of fun for a pre-going out launching place.  Get some spicy food in you, drink some martinis, then hit the town for the night.
I am well into hour 3 in the waiting room for an appointment I had for 7 am. As they see everyone who had come in after me, I am getting more irate...this is ridiculous.
Stopped in to get a Venti Caramel Frapp after some serious shopping today. \n\nI love the convenience of this location because I do a lot of my shopping in the centers surrounding it and it has a drive thru which is a major plus.\n\nI *heart* Starbucks!
I'm into these long winded reviews...don't have the time.   This place is not any good.  Don't waist your money.
Just as other reviews here, my experience was excellent. From entry to seeing a doctor,  30 minutes, which included completing 4 pages of insurance and medical history, and prep by PA. I would highly recommend this Urgent Care.
The vets are typical in and out vets. What makes this place stand out and keeps me loyal are the friendly, helpful and all around awesome ladies at the reception counter. They are always sweet and helpful and welcoming. Making appointments is easy and they can usually see you same day. HIGHLY recommend. Only the best for my doggy!
Poor excuse of a BK! Stay away, they forgot my dessert, the food's cold, had to wait a while at the drive thru, plus they don't even have a full Burger King menu.
We went for breakfast on a busy Saturday morning, about 9 am. Food was delivered fast and hot. Omelette was big as the plate. Homemade jam for toast and the cinnamon role was divine!!!! Service was excellent!
Update 10-13-10\nI went to order 4 beers off of the menu and after each number I called off I was told the keg was topped off (empty). Here's an idea shift manager, it's called a pen and a ruler and cross off the beers that are out!
Wow! This is a hidden gem! I found this place while cycling along the canal early one morning. It is very peaceful and serene. One can take a load off and get lost in the waterfall for hours. I would love to see the waterfall in the evening or at night!
Our new favorite neighborhood restaurant. Great food, reasonable prices, excellent drinks.
Food is delicious! I choose the 2 meat lunch meal and had the catfish and beef brisket with beans and it also came with corn bread. To top it off our waitress was sooo nice. She always made sure we were doing okay.
Pizza was good. Nothing really high end for toppings quality but, I enjoyed my supreme style. Crust is crisp and a little thicker then a thin crust. Plenty of hard working staff. One minus...12\" with a beer $22 was pricey but, its on the strip!
The guy working the bar area was great. He was courteous and genuine. The food was good.
Their bruschetta is really good but I can't help but to feel that their menu is a bit underdeveloped. More choices please!
Staying across the street at the extended stay for one week. Love this place.
very cheerful waitress. talk alot.\nthe food is okay.  I never had German food so I can't commend on it.\nportion is large.\nI order a sweet beer, forgot the name. it was good!
We usually have a great time here! The prices are fair and the music is great. The rink is clean and the skates are in legit condition. The only thing I dislike about this place is the terrible smell but I am assuming that smell is in every roller rink. Other than that, this place is great fun!
Man everything on the menue os good and they give a taste of there product. I got a burrito with carne asada inside and green sauce pork. Soooo good!!!!! The owner is a very friendly guy.
This is my favorite place because they have so many services! I love the hydration station, sauna, slim capsule, hydro massage, cyber relax chair, and lay down tanning in the elite! They are super friendly and I always have an awesome experience been coming for about 5 years or so :)
One of the few gas stations in Vegas that doesn't sell 40 oz beers or single tall cans.  Everyone else in town does, why don't you fools sell it?
It's ok. A bit pricey for what you get. Chef hardly spoke.
Whoever's idea it was to make meatball sliders out of garlic knots is a genius! Good pizza, garlic knots and service at very reasonable prices.
Positively the snobbiest Starbucks I've ever been to. Get over yourselves and crack a smile, for goodness sake!
Decent as far as Starbucks go. Kinda have to wait a while for things to come out even when they are not super busy.. Not bad at all just leave a bit to be desired.
Why would chase assign a personal banker for location I've never been too?? They asked me to come in to meet my personal banker. I get to the bank at 5 like I was asked. For my personal banker to tell me I have the right accounts. I'm not sure what I was expecting but thanks Chase for wasting my time.
Solid cheap eats but it's a bit of s hike. Good (but not great) Mexican with some American thrown in
Just had a wonderful dinner. The food was good I had the Philly Cheese Steak. My wide got the red beef fry bread. Nothing but good thoughts of this place. nice family owned place.
The store service was horrible! Bacon was so overcooked, eggs tasted very weird, coffee was oversweet and tasted nasty. The server was like half asleep and didnt even take the right orders.
Great food, service and wine.  This is a great casual date place.  The wife and I were impressed.
Way overpriced. Ironically, in a bad neighborhood. The price range is incorrect, it's NOT \"Under $10\". Under $10 you can get some tiny side but that's it.
Very honest seller!!! I've been to Hollywood across the street many times and walked away with different prices for the same item every time. The owner here is sooo much nicer and more professional than Hollywood.
Stayed here to take the National Board of Examiners in Optometry exam so got good negotiated rates. The testing center was less than a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The hotel itself was very nice and had a great complementary breakfast every morning. They even have someone making omelettes for you!
Has to be one of the worst place for a trade show. No place to sit to eat. The food is awful and you are limited to what's available to eat or drink  \nBathrooms get overcrowded and filthy inside like a college football game.
There is NOTHING on the walls here, I guess since the renovation. The food is ok, although my home fries tasted strangely sour (?) Service was good. But I have to say the complete lack of atmosphere was weird... it feels like an empty cafeteria or like it's still under construction.
Para tomar unas cervezas, un sitio perfecto. Camareras muy simp\u00e1ticas, y cerveza bastante barata, sobre todo la de barril. Decoraci\u00f3n muy bonita.
Stood around in the showroom for 15 mins. waiting for a salesperson.  Got 0 service.  I would not shop here for cars until someone deals with the very poor sales service in their show room.\n\nThere's other nearby dealers as well, you're better off going to those dealerships instead.
Fantastic food and atmosphere. Service is great too and everything feels just right. Only thing is that the process differed in my case from the bill to the menu and the appetisers given were a bit stingy.
Yeah I like this bar, the bartenders are awesome and they make good drinks.  Its small and cozy and has a nice outdoor patio.  I haven't tried any of the food yet but its definitly one of my go to places in this part of town.
Terrible service! Don't trust delivery...
This is a very unique place. Large open interior with many games like ping pong and enclosed areas on the sides with different bars and restaurants. Really fun place to take a group!\nParking is a bit of an issue. You can valet but otherwise there are almost no spaces to park.
Came for brunch - had the Soy Sausage Benedict and Crab Omelete. Both were really good, especially the benedict which was made with Corn Bread instead of an English Muffin. Was awesome!
Imagine a food court with all Asian food and everything is double the price! That's what this is!
A place that makes you feel like home. Aunty Pili & her son runs the place along with Aunty Norma. The wifey an I are there every Friday's & sometimes Saturday's for lunch & dinner. An you might see somebody you know........
2nd favoring wing joint in Phoenix.  (Vine 1st). Hot wings and there honey hot is good.  Wait staff is good.  Throughout the years the native has been inconsistent- recommend going during a game to get the best wing experience.
Awesome food\nLove the their chip and home made salsa\nIt's free too \nI can eat that all day\nThey should be charging for that good food\nI would pay for it\nTried their chicken and beef tacos cause they are awesome
If I was able to rate less than one star I would. Please do not eat here. Not only is this place over priced, the meat is cold and does not have any flavor. I am so disappointed
The only thing I enjoyed was the bean dip!   It was the bomb!   But everything else was like heating up a frozen dinner.  I had the enchilada suiza, my daughter had the flautas and both were not worth eating a quarter of the meal.  Smh
The beef pho is really good and the shrimp/pork spring rolls is pretty good also.
Whole Foods. 'Nuff said.
This buffett was better years ago when it opened.  Just went on a Saturday night.  They had prime rib and tukey at the carving station.  Buffett food usually isn't that great and I understand that, but the taste overall was not there.  I liked the pizza the best.
Last time they had no beans, this time no rice. Not sure what's going on hope they get their act together.
Crab cake special, just OK. Bacon and gouta pizza, very good. Good service, industrial park location. Nicer insider than you'd think. :) Too expensive for what it is :)
The room had a broken fridge - everything we put in it froze and they were not quick to replace it.  The pool was clean - i think we were the only ones in the hotel as it all looked new.
Great Italian good for Vegas! Had the chicken parmesan. Not an atmosphere for children. Great garlic bread they service before the meal.
It pains me to say that DD no longer has The Gobbler :-[\n\nI don't know if/when I'll be back....
The service was great. Strong interesting cocktails. My rib-eye was pretty good. I had a bite of the pork shoulder tostadas, which were delicious. I tried the Elvis gelato, which was interesting, but didn't really work for me.
I loved this place! The bruschetta was delicious and the wine menu was extensive. The patio ambiance was very laid back with romantic lighting. They had someone playing acoustic guitar inside. Overall I really enjoyed this place and am very happy that it is close by.
I second the comments about a strong trendy vibe, with a letdown on quality. I expected more from desert sushi.
Average gelato. Tastes more like ice cream. Don't go out of your way if you have ever had real gelato.
- rooms OK but a bit over the hill, \n- flickering fluorescent light in the bathroom, \n- a bit of pealed wallpaper\n- good beds\n- HORRIBLE SHOWER (hot but barely a trickle - Third world), boo.
This place is GOOD! It's out in the middle of no where but well worth the drive. Everthing that we ordered was spot on.  I felt the dinner portions were small for the prices but the taste and quality of the food is well worth it.
I decided to try this place. Everyone was friendly however I would never go back.  I got the worst fungus in my fingernail.
Waited 30 mins for my carry out order. Staff barely spoke english. Pizza was mediocre, and didn't have sauce on top (as true detroit style pizza is). Wings were very small as well.  Overall, just not a good experience, not worth the money, and probably won't return.
Awesome waterfront park! If you like to walk, jog, bike... Or just have a picnic, this is the place for you. They have a few public restrooms too. Very close to restaurants. There is a water park and playground for kids. Well lit at night too! Check it out!
standard business hotel...
Again another Chinese restaurant that pre cooks their sweet and sour chicken and anything that is deep fried. The sauces on the food were mediocre and the meat was dry and overcooked because of the precooked nature of the food.
Very friendly staff, or a fast food place-- their customer service and friendliness is unmatched.. I go more often than not simply because of the experience every time! Thanks Micky!
One of my favorite atmospheres in Madison, and in my opinion, the best cheese curds. Entrees can be hit or miss, so I usually like to go for a glass of wine & an appetizer. Pork buns are another must!
1 star because I don't have a choice. We tried the AYCE & what a big disappointment. Lechon special was definitely old (chewy & not crispy), pork adobo was tasteless & vegetable was overcooked. I'm surprised this has a 4-star rating! Skip!!!
Sadly, this place is now closed
There is a funking smell in the casino and I don't like that. Sigh They need a better air system.
Really an enjoyable Macy's. not too big but has all your needs. Customer service is also good!
Worst experience ever! I had four trips to this place in one month..The doctor was trying to juice me here and there.Other then the gal named Crystal the staff was lost and none of them were on the same page.A lot of he said she said going on.I'm going back to Sam's club,never to return!
Great food, great beer, great service. This location has a beautiful patio on the 2nd floor over looking Tempe. It's a great place to simply sit and have a drink with friends or enjoy a light dinner while taking in the wonderful fall weather in central Arizona.
Good Quality, Good Service, Affordable Prices, Great Selection for American Comfort Food.  Not bad prime rib either.\n\nmore later...
Yumm!  The flavors are rich and the presentation beautiful!  Humble ownership.   And now weekend lunch buffet!  We tried places near by featured on a popular food network show and was not impressed.. But Copper Kettle is a great relaxing neighborhood spot!  Bringing my husband next time!
Great for a long languid brunch, beautiful interior. Slow on the coffee service but once they know you, it all seems to come together quite nicely. I'm still thinking about the lovely prawns they had available.. Make sure you keep room for desert!
The Yelp reviews were so right! Went in for a pedi and they did a great job.  I enjoyed the fact they had football on too - a bit selfish but hey! why not?  Great spot for a pedi; organized and good prices.
OK! I will never order anything else from this place it will always be known to me as:\n\nTHE BEST GARLIC CHICKEN I'VE EVER HAD!\n\nThat's all......!
I loved staying here. Super nice rooms, amazing service, great pool. It's definitely an older crowd, but still really nice. I love gambling here, too. It's just so pretty. Steve Wynn is a mastermind.
This is a great place.  Good atmosphere, good food, decent prices, and friendly people. It's not the best sushi in Ahwatukee (Ginban is still number 1) but if you're in the area, this is a great place with chefs who know what they're doing and offer some creative options.
Deserts are fantastic and you should really come here for the deserts, literally any of them are delicious. The food itself isn't that amazing so eating there isn't really worth the price. Go for the deserts!
Not much selections.Service is good and team is nice.
Wow I must say I'm very excited about this place.   Today was the first time trying the deep dish pizza and it was excellent.   Loaded with cheese pepperoni and extra sauce.  Yum!  We will be back!
Excellent customer service,  excellent food, and excellent atmosphere. I would recommend this place to anyone. Loved it!!! Very good prices for what you get.
This is a great locals bar, outstanding service, great drinks and drink specials. They even have an outside patio where they do special events and beer pong.
This location barely gets three stars. Most of the time the employees here are not the friendliest and the last time I was served whole milk when I asked off non fat and the coffee was ruined when they served it to me in a busted cup and poured it into a new one. It lost all of its foam which I feel makes my coffee.
I love the Art Theatre. It plays a decent assortment of international films and indy films. The concessions include beer and wine and better food than the typical movieplex. It is clean and has a wonderful sound system, the seats are comfortable and the staff are intelligent and ready to converse with you about the films or whatever.
Best skinny little fries.  They serve them in these little wire baskets that look like miniature fryers.  The burgers are good, of course, but salads are pretty good too.  Last visit I had the grilled chicken and was very impressed.  The beer selection is pretty good.  Their wine list is also good.
The food was delicious! I had the hanger steak and Tony had the clams. He ate every single one!
Seems like the only place for high tea in the burgh. Tea are gooooood! Scone is good, too. Environment is marvelous. They also serve champagne.
Two stars only because it was free and they donate to charity.  Dirty restaurant and bland food.
In town for the weekend and a friend wanted Mexican food. We went to this place right after the lunch hour. Great chips and various dips, GREAT margaritas, and Great food! We were so happy with the food and drank....yes drank! I need a nap from one margarita.
very tasty meats. we tried the family combo and got everything but the chicken and beef ribs. can't say i was disappointed by any of the meats but the brisket was definitely the winner. only caveat is: don't order the collared greens unless you regularly eat handfuls of salt with your meals.
I love Sweet Republic. They always have something new, delicious and creative. I never wonder if there is some scary unnatural ingredients like some other places (Cold Stone Creamery). The shop is so cute and the owners are friendly and informative. Try every flavor!!!
A lot of bang for your buck... You definitely won't leave this place hungry. For lighter eaters, get a small burger and split the fries... A full order is enough to feed an army!
I had Michele V as my stylist and could not have been happier!  One of the best haircuts I have ever had.  My hair went from looking sad and lifeless to short and looks like I have volume.  And, she was fast.  Highly recommend.
Farm monte cristo\nis more than one can hope for\nprepare for big bliss.
The pizza made us sick. We got the chipotle bacon and some cheese sticks. A few hours later, we both immediately became ill. I say stay away....
Very good burger, very good fries. Fun atmosphere. \n\nTables are way too close together, but otherwise we enjoyed it.
One word, Nicantoni's. See the original owner of Buono's.
Standard McDonald's with a Playplace, TV's and free WiFi. The parking lot is a bit weird to access. The shift manager who took my order was pleasant and quick. The restaurant was clean and the self-service area was stocked properly. I didn't check the bathrooms.
A solid taco spot, 5 star, though?  I reserve that type of rating for a very few.  Fresh toppings and tasty meat, very good.
Massive breakfast plates that include potatoes,banana nut bread, and toast! Be careful the omelets are made with six eggs!
We had a cheese pizza, wings and fries delivered.  The pizza was awful, dry, overcooked.  The wings and fries were actually really good. Overall I regret the experience for the money spent.
Good service. Mediocre food, even at happy hour prices. Honey chicken wings the best of the HH menu.
Pullman PB&J is still pretty awesome.. the rest sucks! Is suck a technical term?
Same great Cartel Coffee in a very open space; lots of open unused space.  Although I liked that no one was on top of me the vacant space (bar with nothing behind it) seemed odd.
It has gotten better since they got rid of the creepy bartender, Paul.  One time, we thought he had died in the back.  It turns out he was outside crying for an hour and a half...seriously
Not stoked at all especially after the build up. Didn't get pizza. Actually turned my bolognese dish back. Overall, not happy with the entire experience.
I was absolutely not impressed with this place.  However, I did try the chile and cheese tamales and they were pretty damn good.
What can I say ? I try to avoid eating here, but I am a sucker for their Caramel mocha coffee and an occasional breakfast item. I suggest you try the mocha !
Hodori serves pretty good food. My husband turned me on to it, however, they have a B rating from Health & Sanitation which freaked me out when I first ate there. Also, the service can be a total hit and miss, but the food tends to make up for it.
The bottled beer is by far the best thing on the menu. The draft beers are pretty good, but not great. Do not go here for food.
Great pizza, atmosphere, and beer
Pretty good... not great but good. I had the chicken parm... The lasagna is supposedly really good. The pizza looked really good too
I wasn't impressed.  The food was good, but not outstanding, and definitely overpriced.  I expect much more from a celebrity chef.  Thanks, but I'll be dining at my locals spots instead.
not that impressed. food came out cold. only thing that was warm was the soup. overpriced for cold food. not that impressed. i will not return.
DO NOT GO HERE. I went to her as a child for orthodontics and it was such a horrible experience that my dad made her remove them. Then 8 years later i've had to have another set of braces due to her poor treatment! DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
Good place for a meal while at the Casino playing. I drove across town to try the prime rib. I was looking for a great meal at a great price. The meal was average for the price. Friend had a BBQ hamburger that looked great. Mostly sandwiches and cafe food there at a reasonable price.
Worst breakfast! Stone cold and just bad. Probably find better eggs in a McMuffin. Typical Vegas but what choice do you have?
This is a \"must go to\" sort of place.  Eclectic decor,  good food, and reasonable drinks.  Killer chicken tacos!
Been here a few times and not by choice either. Food is not good. Limited options for kids as well.  The service is slow and overall not worth it.
Our go-to-place in Vegas when we want comfort food. Food and service is great.  The place is open late for that late night fix.
Leo's good people, an old school cat who does what he says he'll do and is a man of his word when it comes to pick up and drop off. Nice car, good service. He even made it through the maze of my mother's Scottsdale gated community, which still gets me turned around.
The Lobster Bisque is possibly one of the best soups I have ever had in my life. It is not always on the menu, so when you see it, get it. It is crazy delicious.
I spent many days in between classes sipping on coffee and studying here! This is a great place to have some peace and quiet while reading or just relaxing. They also have a few lunch soups and sandwiches if your hungry!
Most of the staff dig in the sides of your toe nails with the clippers which often gives me ingrown toe nails. The services often feel rushed, with the exception of gel glitter manicures which felt ridiculously slow and didn't last very long at all.
just go to taco bell because this is the worst food in the world
I left my scarf in the room. It's too bad people can't be honest and return it.
buyer beware!  this is a new owner now and they have screwed my clients.  they were paid in full and did not finish the job and are telling me that they have no more money to buy additional product until feb 2015 after they have done some additional jobs.\n\ndo not use stonelikerefinishing it is a new owner
The sandwiches and salads are always delicious. The entr\u00e9e option is usually pretty good. The pizza has gotten much better.
Went there for breakfast thought we would tyr it out since it was new...Well the food was terrible my wife got very ill after eating there and the prices are very high....Don't see this place being in business very long
Off The Grid.
The service is not as good as its food.  The waitress forgot to bring forks to is until we asked. She seemed to feel not interested in her work that day.
Fat Choy set the bar high with their pork belly & Peking duck bao's.  It is a very nice restaurant situated in the center of the Eureka Casino.  They also  have tv's conveniently placed around the restaurant.  Definitely a must try if you thought about visiting.
It was a good place for a work outing but the portions would a bit small and pricy.  I'm a big fan for paying more but only if i feel i'm getting some value out of it.
Sabrina was most helpful with our questions and the juice tastes great. No icky concentrated crap added. We are doing a three day juice cleanse with 6 juices a day. It was nice to be able to choose the ones We wanted and Sabrina described each one to us. Great local spot
Older clientele (don't go here for a hip salon) but solid professionals who know how to cut hair without messing it up :) \n\nThought it was a little weird getting water in a ceramic coffee mug...I think plastic cups or water bottles would be better.
Had brunch here yesterday and only waited about 15 mins for seats at the bar, otherwise it wouldve been a 1+hr wait. Had the spicy chicken and potato hash which was amazeballs! Moderately priced dishes helped after donating at the tables the night before too.
Best Roulette in town. $1 minimum bet, I could have sat and played there all day, not just 4 hours.
The food is your standard, crappy Chili's food. However, as far as airport Chili's (and even regular Chili's) go, the staff here was the nicest and most efficient I've ever encountered. (Note: No alcohol is served anywhere in the Char airport before noon on Sundays.)
This place is good. The pho is great. It's clean and the service is great. Spring rolls are worth a try too and the ice coffee.
My husband and I have recommended Dr. Copus to anyone needing a good doctor. She is a caring professional who listens to her patients. She is thorough and pleasant, and not just a pill pusher. We recommend her highly.
Had a great meal here before we hit the strip for the night. The drinks were spot on, along with the food. We received excellent service from the staff and after we were personally escorted up to the club to our table
Message salad of Kale\nGlad Kitchen only open thurs - sat or i would be there every night
We had a great experience.  Jim was super knowledgeable and the fact that he had been a cop gave us a lot of confidence.  He was very easy to work with, straight forward and didn't try to up-sell his products.  We love the panel and will always use JPG in the future!
amazing execution. Nice and creative recipe. nice atmosphere. Service a bit too relaxed for the place but I guess is the the Quebec way.... Make it a stop when you are in Montreal, you wont regret it.
Nice property close to the strip and shopping.  The rooms are modern and trendy, comfortable... and the rooms from the higher floors have a nice view of the strip.  The staff is friendly and attentive.
The bartender was surly and the tunes were kinda cool in an outdated way, but we managed to have a lot of fun here, so it can't be too bad. Big props for a place just to pass time between things or a night cap.
Sunday morning \"breakfast\" including spinach fatayer, kebbes and sambouseks at a newly open Lebanese bakery on the Plateau, Trip de Bouffe. Everything was fresh and tasty.\n\nBaklava: light and flaky, right amount of syrup on each layer, sign of freshness
What makes this just ok is the salsa... Can't say it enough it SUCKS!!! The premixed Margs are good a couple of the large ones and you're feelin it. Plenty of beer options if you prefer. Portions are large and tasty.
Worst pedicure of my life... No joke. Hands down worst salon I have ever visited. Rude staff, had to ask other staff how to do my pedicure. Do not recommend.
Over hyped and over priced! $5.95+tax=$6.43 for a little teeny weeny chili dog?! Come on its just a hotdog! No wonder those hotdog eating contestants can eat so much of these!
The staff is very friendly and the rooms are clean and cold. The only knocks I have on the place are the stupid hard pillows an the crappy wifi. The little coffee shop is great for a quick coffee and a sandwich.
ordered for dilivery.....medium meat lovers with mushrooms which they forgot to put on my pizza....didnt bother calling back because i was hungry and didnt feel like waiting for  them to correct my order......what is the policy for messing up orders anyway?
Expensive, bad service, uninspiring food.
Great place for drinks and/or dinner. Seating inside and outside - great for date night or with a group. Lots of great healthy menu options. The bartender we had wasn't very friendly and kept grabbing our drinks before we were done - our waiter was great though. Definitely a neat place. Parking in front is metered.
Great location to shop at great selection of meats and everything is so fresh! I like their pre made salad and entree selections. Some of the staff are nice and helpful!
I just LOVE Garden Grill! So delicious and fresh. Great service, very friendly!
The food is super gross.
Not a bad place to catch a movie. $5 Mondays are great. Wish they took AmEx
Love their show package. You can get it with the \"O\" show.\nI didn't expect much since it was a package deal, but the steak was really really fabulous! As was the salad & the dessert!
Zero stars! Filthy dirty.  Took way too long to get the food.  The hostess was rude and the server was bothered. The lady cleaning the tables was so obnoxiously loud.  Hope someone else has a better experience!
Dr. Underdahl has treated our daughter for lazy eye the past 5 years and has done a tremendous job!  Her prescription is gradually decreasing with each visit and we expect she will be completely done with glasses soon.  He is very smart and good with kids.  Super happy!
Gorgeous hotel with a fabulous selection of restaurants. I haven't stayed here yet but I would b/c it's one of those fancy hotels I like.
An \"old fashioned\" comedy club, the Riv offers talented comedians in a club atmosphere that looks like it hasn't been updated since the Johnson Administration.  The Riv loses a star for the uncomfortable chairs- surely, these antiques violate the Geneva Convention!
This is the best place for subs! The ingredients are always fresh and the portions are great. I've had a variety of subs and have never been disappointed! The staff is super friendly and fast. Great atmosphere, great people, great food. Definitely a win.
Surprisingly decent airport food ! I had the breakfast pizza and thoroughly enjoyed it. Service is a little slow but pleasant
This place is hit and miss. The food and service were great the first few times we went. Past two experiences have been annoying to say the least. When you order a rare steak you don't expect to get it well /md well done. Not sure if we will go back, but if so I hope it better than our last experience.
Great barstaff and beautiful atmosphere but the vegetarian food left me wanting more.
Fun & friendly staff. Very DELICIOUS food. Hubby had chili burger, MELT IN YOUR MOUTH WONDERFUL. I had Blacked chicken Caesar salad, awesome! Even the kids chicken tenders are flavorful & juicy. Highly recommend this tavern.
Poor guest service. If ur looking for service with an attitude this is ur spot. Won't be coming to this location again.
Nothing special. Seems to me this place is popular bc its something diferent in charlotte. I eat a lot of thai and this was not that great.  I had the curry.  The curry had taste but nothing special and the cashews seemed stale.  I wouldnt go back. I make it better at home.
People have hired our clowns to entertain at Freedom Park for their birthday parties and family events!  The entertainers always find ample parking and have always had a nice time! The playground is large and there seems to be ample space for large family events.
Horrible experience. Very dirty and the staff was obviously sick. The man doing my nails kept getting up to blow his nose returning without washing his hands. He then wiped his nose on his sleeve, That's when I had enough! \nThe smell in the salon was horrible. I understand people get sick, but call in sick please!
This is the worst little cesars place i have ever been too. It'll do for the kids though. Staff is friendly but the pizza tastes wierd.
Excellent. I have been searching for a great street tacos since I moved to Vegas. Love it and will be going back!
First time there was amazing but today end up w/ huge disappointed.
I come here often because I LOVE the atmosphere however the service does not match up to how amazing this place looks.  The food is always sub par with the exception of the cheeses, the waiters know nothing about the wine selection and the overall service is poor.  This place could be amazing but its not.
No longer the human bean
Slow service. A $14 dollar overcooked omlet that rivals Denny's (actually, it didn't even that). $4.00 for drip coffee. Way to fleece the tourists.
One of the sadder looking Starbucks I've visited. Kind of small and cramped. Staff is on top of things though, handling a long line with ease. The coffee was the same as any other Starbucks.
Good, but not great.  Pizza was too salty and we got the margerita, pesto lasagna was not pestoey enough and too dry.  I mean it was good it just needed a bit more finesse, everything. Big Mexican sodas!
Pros:\n   Easy parking\n   Good service\n   Usually no wait\n   Soju beer and wine\n   Good meats\n   Nice smaller portion plates and lesser prices\n   Nice ventilation\n\nCons:\n   None
Excellent food, service, atmosphere, and price.  We had the foie gras with fig as an appetizer followed by salmon and duck l'orange for main courses.  All of it was excellent.  The beer I ordered on tap was also excellent.
Good as a quick lunch place not a place I'd venture for dinner.
Excellent sandwiches...the robbie and the cole turkey were fantastic!!! Service was quick, seating is really limited but as deli's go this is one of the best!
This is totally the hot place - glitzy and modern. People call it 7 stars. It's a pretty place and you feel really relevant when you're there. It will be even better if/when the hype dies down.
We were so excited to try this place out for our anniversary,  only to be disappointed and ready to go after 20 minutes!  Service was okay, Food was okay,  kind of bland and the music was too loud to hear ourselves talk. Probably a first and last for us!
service extremely slow, ordered chicken tacos and was given steak, ordered buffalo wings and was given boneless chicken, portions were small, steak not cooked correctly.  definitely will not return.
Terrible service, inept workers and poor management. Bathroom was filthy as well. \nManager did nothing after a worker screamed at my friend for no reason- completely uncalled for.  3 words: Don't come here.
I came back to give Ce Fiore another try and they exceeded all of my expectations. The staff was extremely nice and welcoming and they created a special waffle for me that wasn't even on the menu (ice cream, PB, chocolate chips and bananas.) I'll definitely be back. :) yum.
[Th] Sic Sense rocks my ass off.\n\nEvery show is fresh and different.  This is edgy stuff.  Go see it, you WILL laugh. HARD.
An amazing place. Food and drinks were great. Awesome specials and the staff was beyond great.
I really liked it. They use fresh stuff and the guy is so friendly.\nI like italian pizza so i was so happy with that.
food isn't that great. fried rice tasted weird. also ordered the salt and pepper shrimp, shrimp was over cooked. yelp had a special for checking in to get free egg rolls and they said they don't do that anymore. overall I'm not going back here.
Not much in the way of atmosphere, but we did enjoy the food and margaritas.  In fact, my wife raved about the blueberry margarita.
Was brought here on my birthday and I was blown away. From decor, to food, to service... Everything was top notch. I had the blackened salmon, which was perfect. All my guests also enjoyed their meals, and we had a great time. Will definately be back.
Awesome lunch special, delicious and they give you more food. I like the chicken panang, and their Tom yum soup especially! I think I'm allergic to their chicken with chili mint tho, I get hives every time I eat it.
There hooka is not that good but their happy hour menu is cheap and good. I love the chicken finger, hummus and their calamari. The ambiance is great depending which server u have the service differers. I
Foods are good, quite authentic, there a lot of varieties on the menu, highly recommend for people to try out! Great friendly service! 21% tips.
Their chicken chow Mein is delicious!! You can customize with different noodle types. The service is fantastic and very quick! I love their smoothies as well with boba! I definitely will come here on a regular basis. It's a bit hidden but on the northeast corner of Dobson and Warner!
Best gourmet hot dogs I've had in a while
This by Far the Worse Chinese food! I took two bites and threw away the food! DO NOT EAT THERE!
This place is very small.\nThe waitress was not nice or accomodating.\nThe bathroom was in the kitchen.\nThe kitchen had grime all over the floor.\n\nI'm probably not going back.  Palette is much better!
Bought two seats and the one my husband sat in made a squeaky sound every time he moved! He had to sit still throughout movie. Not worth a second visit from me.
Fresh warm crispy bread stuffed with plenty of roast beef. This place is always packed. The sandwiches are that good. You can find it in Planet Hollywood by the Miracle Stip Mall.
The course leaves a bit to be desired but my I took my kids here for a lesson.  The instructor was great, extremely patient and the lessons were at a great price.  We will definitely continue taking lessons here as long as they are available.
Have used this barros location in the past (roughly 1 year ago with positive results.  Went back tonight and picked up an order to go for a large pizza and hot wings.  The pizza was pretty good but the wings had almost no sauce. The place looked pretty busy but I won't go back for wings anytime soon
My first experience here I saw a sign that read something along the lines of \"always fresh\", so with that in mine I ordered some chicken tenders that were not breaded. They were clearly frozen, not fresh, and completely dry/disgusting. My friends were really excited about the pork sandwiches they ordered.
I liked it.  Especially this location being inside Palms.  I enjoyed my favorite, the Chimichanga stuffed with beef.\n\nGood stuff, good value.  Service maybe 3 Stars but the good strong margaritas make up for it.\n\nWill return again!
Decent place to have breakfast if you are in the hotel. They have a buffet with an omelet station. The service was good and the coffee and OJ were constantly filled. standard breakfast fare - meats, eggs, potatoes, breads, fruits, cereals, etc. Everything was A-OK.
Definitely not the best Thai restaurant in vegas. The only good thing here is the Thai jerky. Definitely the best in town and I go here just for that. The service sucks and the pad Thai is bland. The service or lack there of is horrible.
Amazing venue. One of the best clubs in town. Great service, they read you're mind whenever you need anything. Definitely do recommend.
Recently Paul and his crew moved our business to a new location. He and his crew were exceptional. Hard working and professional , they made the move very easy. I will have no problem recommending Atlasta Moving Co to anyone that needs to move, big or small Paul does it all.
Really enjoyed this place! My friends and I came here on our last night in Vegas and really had a great time. Great drinks and atmosphere. Pool, darts, and shuffleboard are all a great addition and tons of fun to play the more you drink. Really enjoyed the cheap drinks (compared to strip prices)!
small quiet library next to a park.
Had to drive an extra 32 mi trip at 830pm to go back to the store and pick up a piece of the dining table/chair set I bought due to their clerk not checking thoroughly. Thanks Cost Plus!
Consistent great food & service make this a great place!
awesome service!!  got the wrong pizza via delivery and when we called they fixed it and sent the right one....thanks guys!!
An outstandingly good surprise--worth stopping if you're driving through. Lots of little touches like natural meats spice up the traditional fare.
Good, cheap noodles. Their Chiang Mai Curry Noodles might be my favorite Thai dish in Pittsburgh. Definitely a must-try.
Meh. Wasn't extremely impressed.\n\nPricey.\n\nStill debating on a return.
LOBSTER POT PIE!\n\nThis was not the dish I ordered for myself as I was skeptical of it... but one of my dining companions ordered it and I was jealous! He let me have a taste and confirmed that I had a right to be jealous.
Terrible! My father-in-law got a haircut there just today and the guy cut his eyelid! Didn't even apologize! Didn't offer free haircut! Awful service!!
This is a great restaurant. We ate here several times. Great food, ambience and location. Very polite staff.
Food was terrible my order was way wrong,  service was terrible & it took forever to get our food! Will not go back and do not recommend
The quintessential Vegas buffet and it definitely lived up to its hype. It was a sea of unending food and all of it pleased me immensely. The servers were very prompt in refilling drinks. I was so delighted to sample so many unique foods!
Service is friendly and quick.  Brand new clean and modern atmosphere.  There is a covered patio that is shared with The Coffee Bean with a fireplace in the middle.  This was where the McDonalds used to be.  The McDonalds was demolished and these 2 places were built.\n   This is a very great improvement to this area.
Terrible service.... Worse food. Server offered a\"generic\" salad with an entree. I'll warn my friends and will never come back...I must say that the manager was the best part about this place
Good chocolate croissants, even though they're shipped frozen and then baked at the premises.  \nDo they serve teas there?  I'll have to check that out next time I'm there for a croissant!
Lots of beggars...doesn't leave the customers feeling very safe!
First time visiting this cafe yesterday.   Very similar to the Paradise Bakery chain.  Kneader's Bakery had friendly servers this day.  Great tasting chocolate macaroons!  Fresh, moist and chocolaty!   The strawberry tsunami smoothie was just okay.  I will stop by again to try their meals.
The burgers were fine. The service was attentive. The price was OK. Unfortunately, the smells from the street came into the restaurant.  Out of their control and if you eat in an outdoor restaurant on the strip you assume the consequences.
Great for groups. Suggest making a group reservation. You have to pay gratuity upfront but you can bypass the LONG line.\n\nFood was bland. Nothing really stood out. Wait staff was pleasant. A little overpriced for a Vegas mid-day buffet.
Great Guys that work here, get the tires check filled . IN and OUT!!!!
The best part about this place is that they give you complimentary hot tea. Otherwise, their broth is bland and they barely gave me any tendon pieces. Price wise they're average, about $8 for a small. Gonna keep looking for something better.
If I could give a negative star review I would. We found bugs in our beds (two different rooms) and they refused to comp the stay. We are pretty sure it was bed bugs and even have pictures and the dead bugs to prove it. Do not stay here.
Service is good but they are always busy.
Shoni hipped me 2 this joint...The breakfast is off the hook here...No joke!!!
New CrawFish place in NC just open!!!!Food is very tasting and service is excellent !! Finally a good place to eat!!! :) I recommend this place  all my family and friends to come and enjoy.
I was just driving down Eastern and I couldn't believe they have a brand new Fabulous Eyebrow Threading place by the Firefly. I love their service. Best eyebrow threading chain in the valley. And now they are in Henderson too. So Awesome!
NEVER GO HERE! The so called \"owner\" Holly is unbelievably rude and shady with how she explains the prices. I began asking questions and was told she will not explain over the phone and to come in? Definitely put a bad taste in my mouth and will never use them.
More is not exactly it but when your hungry eat like a beast.  \n\nI was so hungry that i came here but it was okay.  You pay what you eat for it. \n\nMy favorites were the shrimps and crab legs.  :)
Love this place .. I go at least once a week . be sure to tip good 20 $ massage is very cheap !!
Miss the old menu. New menu sucks. Bring back the old menu. This place is not the same anymore. Disappointed. :(
Maggie has always been fabulous.  When we moved here, my daughter and I searched for a stylist that would know how to deal with curly hair.  Maggie has bought life back to my daughter's hair after being ruined by several stylists in the area charging a lot more than Maggie.  As a bonus Maggie is a fun and friendly person!
Just went yesterday. had a great time. love the decor. and the food was great.
Food was amazing. I ordered the chicken and steak Shawarma, it reminded me of home. They use only the finest ingredients with their olive oil that ships straight from Lebanon. I will definitely come back for more!
The best Chinese in town
I recommend any USPS location with an APC, automated postal center.  If you don't print your label online you can do it here and ship without having to interact with a human.
Watch out golden arches Lenny's is in town!  Great burgers, friendly staff, and a fun vibe!  If you're in the mood for a greasy burger and fries with a fun atmosphere you must check out Lenny's.
Count me as a happy customer! Nice outdoor seating, good service, consistent food (after 3 visits).  Nice little gem tucked away in the parking lot behind Houstons.
Went here today. I'm now in the official seal team six reserve. Ready to kick ass when called for duty. Thanks for the training my brother in arms.
Seriously?!??? How in the world do you get rid of the red pepper asiago chicken Cesar salad?!?! The whole reason i kept coming back... Now i wont be back unless zupas brings it back!!!! You don't have a Cesar salad!!!!
Been there today. My dog got all exiting , thought he will meet some new friends. Just kids and 1 dog on a leash . I'm still searching for a nice , crazy , open dog park. Where is it just for dogs, and they can run around no leash .
They are the Best foot spa in town! I have been to a lot, but these guys are very kind and I always get someone strong. It is a plus that it is cheaper than most places too.
Was always curious what the food was like, finally stopped in. Burgers were amazing. Staff was great and food was quick! Will be returning soon!
Salad bar was surprisingly good as a side item. I also got the baked mac and cheese and wished I had more when it was gone. Nice staff, clean restaurant and good food. Price isn't terrible for what you get.
I have been back to this place several times since and have received acceptable service each time.  Perhaps it was an isolated experience the first time.  My co-worker who was treated rudely, however, has sworn not to return.
This is my first time going here. I'm going here w/ my family. They taste good n the price is cheap. The stuff are friendly too. We hope to going back to this restaurant again
I had a deep tissue massage, which was incredibly painful around my neck and absolutely not deep on my back. I brought that up, but that didn't change the strength. \nThe Spa, similar to the rest of the hotel, is aging and would benefit renovation. 18% gratuity was added without checking with me :/
Crepes!!!\n\nIf you are here, try the crepes with Ice-Cream. The pastries are all good and french authentic.\n\nLots of candies and pick a box of your taste\n\nNot to miss
I just moved here from LA and after reading the other reviews I decided to give them a try. The owner Terry sprayed me and he was great! He made me feel very comfortable and my tan came out the perfect color.
Great off the main street place with an amazing upstairs patio that is great for a small group reunion. I may miss J Chew but I am on board with OTT.
This place has decent Korean food at an affordable price. We had the bibimbap and tuna kimbap, which were relatively simple dishes. Be warned - the yelp page claims that they accept credit card, but I was told I could only pay with cash or debit card. I took 1 star off for misleading information.
Food tasted great....but 45 mins after dinner, I was sick.  Checked  and chicken wasn't fully cooked.:(
If you like Japanese Style Crepe & Waffle, you should come this place and try it.  $$ Price for $$$$$ Food. Highly recommended
Great service and fabulous food, brews are just as they have always been tasty.
The variety is definitely there. The line was short for dinner. The food was pretty good.   Overall not bad.
Go here about once a week.  They always have super flavors... although I'm stuck on the vanilla with a couple  toppings. :)   Staff is always very friendly and helpful.  Super clean store.
Crazy that I feel a tire shop has the Best customer service! The prices are comparable but I have found some better deals at Costco sometimes.
The Atmosphere is Great! It is a quaint little coffee shop and very clean. The Price for specialty drinks are too high unfortunately for the size cup you get and the quality not as good as Starbucks. I like to support Mom and Pop businesses though so I will go there again. Isn't my favorite coffee place though.
I've been going to Dr. Oswald for years now, and my kids see him too.  He's a really nice guy and does great work.  The staff is friendly and good with the kids, too - never a tear.
Food and smoothies are delicious. My only complaint is the drive-thru is extremely slow.
Quick and easy money exchange at great rates. Funny thing is, the ladies behind the counter have not traveled much. But they are making their kids travel (study abroad, live abroad, and so on).
Fernando the manager has zero communication skills. Offered nothing to me after waiting for 30 min and no one working on my trucks detailing. I had to go and ask why 4 employees stood around and not work on my truck..horrible work, customer service and communication...never going here again.
Definately don't treat their employees well. Two thumbs down!
Organic pizza...that about sums it up for me. Good when hot but gets cold quick and kinda loses its will to be eaten...Good pizza if you wanna go healthy. Johnnys is next door to get a good chicago dog!
Chicken satay appetizer was good. Staff was friendly but that's about all I can say. Soft shell crab serving was disgusting. Small portion of crab as well. Thai basil wasn't very good either. Lacked flavor. Overall too expensive and not good enough. Won't return anytime soon.
Disgusting. Smelly. Dirty. Shady. Shall I keep going? But I needed a diet coke and every other establishment in Vegas has PEPSI.  The lid dispensers are beyond grimy and I had to walk out. This is the location across the Mandalay Bay.
thanks so much for pampering my father in law with a great pedicure!  he is 82 and had never had a pedicure before so i decided to treat him  he loved it!!!!
Where the hell is this place? We drove there and around it, and is was a parking lot. Are you kidding me? All the pictures described on this website was not seen. It was frustrating. If I could give it a zero star, I would.
This place rocks. I broke my phone in Chicago got it fixed at the UbreakIfix store there and then came to Arizona and cracked my screen and broke my top button. Very affordable and speedy service.
Crepes are pricey and super bland not savory at all...
Clogged sink in bath\nLight out in bath hallway\nDirty dishes\nToilet out of order\nGluten free soy!!\nDark inside, light outside\n\nUm. Nope. Not going back.
The panko crusted Portobello mushroom burger was ok it had a pretty good crunch. The food was good for a late night eat.
Stayed here a couple years back and we enjoyed it very much.  A small, rustic hotel with much charm and a friendly staff.  The location is perfectly situated in Old Montreal/Vieux Port, with a beautiful view of Fleuve St. Laurent. Would definitely stay here again.
I took my kids there today for first time and my daughter's.grilled cheese sendwich had mold. I even took a picture. No matter how tasty restaurant is,  it can't get forgiveness if they serve spoiled food. By the way, it is 105 outside and their kitchen door to outside is open.
Great sushi and a lot of diverse rolls and alternatives. I've only tried the H3 roll so far and it was amazeballs! The staff is very nice and attentive. I will be going back for more.
My wife and I have recently ate here twice in the same week. Love the atmosphere, Great food, prices are reasonable, happy hour is fun with great specials and decent discounts. Oh, the service was great as well!
Food was good.. A little disappointed in my Berry Sangria.. Wish it looked and tasted as good as the picture. Nothing stood out to me tho. I might go back for their cheese sticks tho:)
Was not impressed. Stopped here because I was too lazy to make it over to Wicked Spoon. Crazy expensive buffet, very little was decent-tasting. Sure, huge selection, but not well-done. Had breakfast at the Bellagio buffet the next day and it seemed quite a bit better.
Great and very cheap! But sometimes I worry about food poisoning...
Pasta is absolutely superb. I did the Fall black truffle tasting menu and it was outstanding. Freshly shaved truffled on endless dishes of pasta. Not an item I didn't like.
Although the customer service was super pleasant, the sub sandwiches were not.  They are great for a drunk person that just has the munchies but not the place if you are looking for quality.
Used to be one of my favorites. Now I'm consistently let down by the services. I avoid this bar at all costs now.
Every visit to sin city I always stop in to this place to get my favorite dish, their mapo tofu is so good. Plus the place is very casual and relaxing to hang out and eat with friends.
Great location and interior. Food is noting to write home about , and service is poor.\nThey tout the the Chinatown experience but it's about 2x the china town price . Don't go here if you want the Vegas food and service experience because it will disappoint and leave your pocket book empty for not.
The food was drab and not worth the price. The only good thing is the decor. The entire restaurant has a loom theme which is unique and interesting. Overall, take pictures from outside but avoid the food.
Boring hotel.  Gym closes at 8 pm, shuttle to strip closes at 8 pm, pool closes at 4 pm, nothing to walk to, Is thiis a retirement home?  No free coffee maker in the room!
We went again -  this time I got the Bellini one...with no extra shots, just regular ol' drink. Delicious! Better tasting the 190 Octane + two shots. My friends...to say the least, are crazy.
Love the place! Not packed all the time. Great place to light up a cigar!
This place is always packed.  A lot of different restaurants and shops for you to try.  Enjoy!
Timpone's reminds me of Italian places at home run by a family you grew up with, and you just go because they are part of the community. I've never really been wowed by the food. It's average. And really too expensive for college kids. Good not great.
They are so incredibly nice! My eyebrows look so cute. I saw a lot if couples go in here as well. Not sure why but def a couple friendly place. Just a really warm feeling when you walk in.
I have had better.  The food was average.  For the price I expected more.
really? 45 mins for a pizza - its good and I went back but can't they figure this out better? - the antipasta has taken a turn for the smaller - 2 of us finished it before the pizza came and we ate all our pizza. Service was good - but I always expect it to be faster.
Beautiful restaurant like if a freakin greek temple was a dance club.  Love Pelmini (dumplings in lemon sauce), stuffed grape leaves with meat gravy, crab roll-a-snacks, even juicy chicken wings.  Ton of tasty Greek tapas
Was pretty good!
They were out of everything I wanted to order and I was getting frustrated and I could tell the cashier was as well-she seemed to get a bit irritated. I would go often if they had everything I wanted on hand. Seriously-they were out of hemp seed (thats one on the list) how is that possible? Lol.
Dental care without the care. This dentist was rude and unable to communicate clearly with our family the result was terrible care for my son. We are currently in search for a new dentist that has basic communication skills and is willing to fix the two cavities hurting my 3 yo
Of I could give negative star I would. The service is slow and subpar. After the experience I don't even want to taste the cupcakes. What a waste of my perfect $7.
very nice store, they have everything u need\nnice people to do Business with.
Love the fresh organic section.  Great selection of natural supplements
A year ago this place would have gotten 5 stars, but it is not what it once was. That being said it is still very good for a buffet. I do miss the crab legs.
Very helpful staff with no pressure to buy anything.\n\nThere are a lot of choices and a color coding system that helps you identify what types of beds to look at.  The prices seem a little high, but then again I had just come from a futon store so there is a bit of a difference.
Good products and location but bad management. The crew lack of knowledge utilizing their time in between customers during fairly busy time. I was a bit disappointed during my first visit.
Disgusting
It used to be really good. Now that they changed staff, it's a totally different place. Avoid it at all cost
Huge servings for $9-12.  Good food.  A little greasy but good.
Do you like boobs? Do you like meh food? Do you like to drink? \n\nThen you will like Twin Peaks. \n\n\nThe only good thing about this place was the view of the strip. \n\nPretty mediocre. Like Hooters.
If you are 60+ and have $5, this is the place for you. The food is greasy, the decor is stuck in the 70's, the waitress was a bitch. Just horrible all around.
Lovely (albeit pricy) sushi. Service is quick, and I like that they are happy to let you have it 'to-go'. Free tea while you wait. Great handrolled cones, and the right amount of wasabi per piece.
This is one of my favorite little places. I always feel comfortable here. the atmosphere is quaint and the food is damned good and affordable. It makes a terrific date place. Good for conversation. The desserts always look terrific but I never save room. Best value for Japanese food that I can think of.
We waited for a long time to be approached by the server. The kid giving chips ended up taking our drink order & then we waited a long time again to get them & then waited another half hour for the food.  The people were all very nice but the food was bland & not good.  I will never come back to this place again.
The pricing is good. The service is ok. The place itself just doesn't look \"glamorous\". It's alright and a little bit outdated. Practically nothing GLAMOROUS going on here.
This place is hands down the best place I have been to in AZ for ramen. I used to go to Hawaii quite a bit and I loved the Ramen Houses there. I will definitely be back!
Dilly's Deli is decisively delicious. Also, kind of expensive. Figure at least $10 for a sandwich with chips and drink. Comes with a pickle!
So happy to have this back in surprise. Food is always great. Service is awesome. They have a great lunch menu that flows into happy hour during the week. They also give military discount and have a great mural for Luke Air Force Base in the bar. Ask for the beer if the month!!!
Tasty, good value sandwich selection.  Great coffee.  And I've just this morning discovered they make a mean bacon roll too, and I'm so fussy about bacon rolls I rarely buy them.  Very friendly staff.
Small restaurant. Bun Bo hue is decent .. Only issue was NO AC .. It was 100 degree outside.
The sushi is always great and the food always looks likes its ready for a sexy date \"all dressed up\"
I would be surprised if Mario Batali has tasted the food in this outlet lately.  If he has, I'm surprised he allows his name to be used here.  Everything was pretty mediocre.  Don't bother.
Great burgers at this joint! After I try the beers I bet I will bump it up to a 5!
I always remember this place because of how pretty it looked during the time I went. They had decorations correlated to the season and their food was fantastic. The place is however a little pricey but there is a lot to choose from. They also have a place where they make desserts and make fresh crepes.
Terry Fator is very, very talented and the show was well paced and entertaining. He supports military families and the troops. As a multigenerational military family, nuff said. Pricey, but what isn't in Vegas these days....
spotted them next to my auto parts store and I was famished. Ordered a meatball sub togo and it was great. homemade meatballs, nice marinara, plenty of cheese and nice crispy italian roll. put me in a good mood and made installing my alternator  much easier.
This place is just horrible ! I really wanted to try this place, not knowing they made their food to literally put u in the hospital! I was assuming it was jus a theme :/ ! ... I couldn't finish nothing I ordered everything was jus flooded with lard ! Then they only accept cash ! Jus horrible !
While the staff is helpful and nice, the food is so so. At the same price cafe rio gives more food and better taste. I will say however, some of the different salsas here are worth trying.
I like this place because my wife takes the her car there and they have never tried to offer unnesscary repairs . They once misdiagnosed a problem and did not charge me for the unnesscary repair.
Absolutely love this park. Kids playground and dog park right next to each other. Super spacious. \n\nMy dog loves this park. There always about 5+ dogs for him to play with. And it's very clean. The fence is also separating  the big dogs from small dog.\n\nPark always has a nice breeze
RG3 time. Go Redskins!!!
Love that Tostada salad.
Stay home.
This is the closest to a New York hipster style coffee shop I've seen in Arizona.  They serve beer too.  Problem is that the espresso was unbelievably bitter.  Cookie happy hour is pretty cool though.
at the fashion square location I  got just about the worst french fries ever ,never again .
I was excited for this place to open to get my hands on some exotic cheese and wine.  There are some unique options in there, but not really.  Overall I was unimpressed and I think it is going to be a difficult task with said few options when directly next door there is a Trader Joe's.
For a new Chinese restaurant, I expected better.  Their flavors were off.   I don't understand how a new restaurant could start off this poorly.\n\nIt's hard to find good Chinese in this area.
Best Kung Pau Tofu ever!  Delivered right to my hotel room.  Really appreciate their can-do attitude toward a vegetarian.  Quite a contrast with Panda Express who said they don't do vegetarian.
I like this place ... not the greatest coffee house in the world, but it has a casual, cozy atmosphere that I like.  Plus it's not far from my house and it isn't starbucks.
I came here to check out all of the fragrances. I adore all of the Tom Fords colognes and perfumes. They are so rich and decadant. The staff here was super friendly and engaging. What a fabulous shopping experience!
Food is Okay. Breakfast wasn't very good (which is very disappointing when you are hung over) but their salads and sandwiches were decent. Can't really complain too much since it is open 24 hours but its not super special.
Hands down the best Indian food we've had and that is saying something. Excellent vegetarian options and they made two perfectly executed custom Vegan dishes for my husband. Customer service was beyond expectations; nice relaxed atmosphere; and located off the strip so great prices for lots of amazing food. We will definitely be making a trip back.
I like Applebee's food but the service at this location is really, really bad not once but twice.
First time ordering. They sent a med instead of the large we ordered and there was a metal piece in the crust of the pizza.  We regularly use the eat24 app and trust what they have on there.  This new place was a total bust!
Amazing, tasty bowls of goodness! The prices were excellent for the portion size. Great for any time of day, this soup will put you in a full, healthy mood. Superb balance of soup and meats. Service was quick, but communication was a stretch. I still would go there everyday if I could!
We love this place! They have good sushi, excellent service and great prices! This is our favorite sushi in the area!
I found the staff very friendly and welcoming and my sandwich (Leonardo DaVeggie) and pickle delicious.  The iced tea was also very fresh.  I would not hesitate to go back and try something else.
Very pleased with Midwood Auto Craft.  The owner Jason is a good guy and stands by his work.  They took very good care of my truck and did an excellent job.  I would not hesitate to use them again in the future and suggest anyone out there looking for any type of body work/paint give Jason a call.
Phone calls always go to voicemail and messages are not returned.  Stupid way to do business.
We had the hot tea with sticky rice balls and green beans.  The soup was really refreshing and the rice balls were pretty sticky and good.  I haven't tried the entrees here.  This place is pretty clean and the service is decent.
I tried the chicken salad sandwich. The chicken salad was bland & on the dry side. I also had the coleslaw. It tasted like raw cabbage with no dressing. My husband had the Italian & was very underwhelmed with it. I could get a better sandwich at Subway.
This is the bomb for breakfast. Name your own omlette, ham, bacon sausage, chorizo, grilled onions its huge $10 w/american fried potatoes and good coffee, like $10 but there's enough for three meals.\nReally good BLT too.
Worst treatment I have ever had after spending $80 for Dave Chappel tickets x 2. $11 beers, $4.50 for water, security were jerks. Says show starts at 5 but can't sit til 6 with show at 7.
I have to admit that the food is really good but I can't get past the cost ratio.  2 people at $600 plus is just to much to validate the experience.  Its the perfect choice when someone else is buying!
1st it's actually circle K. Ahhh run. Don't come at night time! They have to hire security guard sometimes because so much goes down. It's clean and everything but attracts the most ghetto crowd. Don't feel safe
WwoOOW!  It is really that good here!  If u don't stop u are missing out BIG TIME!  Great food!
Worth it for the food alone. This place is a hidden gem. Then menu changes up and the chef is tops. Good live shows to check out as well.
Brunched here with some friends. While the food was good (nice twist to traditional breakfast fare) the service was atrocious.
Went there for the schezuan. The food was way too salty. The spice was ok , i didn't think it was flavorful.
Very friendly staff, clean facility, and affordable pricing. I recommend stopping by and having your pet groomed by these nice groomers! My dog looks great and was happy in the calm environment while being treated.
Do not go here I went here and ordered the Chipotle Steak sandwich. It is by far the worst sandwich ever it was chew and greasy . I would not come back!
Awesome pastor tacos! Quick easy and hella good. Chorizo really good too. Wish they were there all week. Not just Thursday - Sunday.  But glad they are there none the less.
Stacy is awesome!!! My first wax ever and I was very comfortable. She's fast and knows her stuff. It felt like she was done in a flash. She's great! Definitely going back.
People there always helpful and friendly. Reasonably priced wine
Great atmosphere,  reasonably priced drinks, bartender hooked it up in the tequila & sprite drink
Great service and drinks. Food was excellent. Not bad for a $400 dinner for 6 people.
I cannot wait for the contract to end. They are nothing but greedy, money-making company without regards to customer service. All they care about is your money. Always unwilling to work out issues with billing. As long as they get money, customer service or appreciation is at the bottom of their list. Horrible!
I don't understand all the good reviews here. The hibachi here is like avg mall food court quality. I guess if you want quantity over taste, this place does ok then.
Went there for a friends birthday. The service was lacking & the food was mediocre. Nice atmosphere. I probably won't be back though.
Memphis BBQ -Yuuuuuuuuuuuuum!!!\n\ncream corn, mac & cheese, BBQ Oooh MY!!!!
Rayna is an AWESOME massage therapist. Tall about relaxing and getting those stress knots out. Very firm pressure.
Over priced, boring and bland. Place looks like it should for a NY style pizza joint... But it sure doesn't deliver. I can't believe they are even allowed to call that tasteless piece of cardboard pizza! Sadly, I would not eat here again.
It's a simple gas station. I'm lazy if I can pay at the pump odds are I will. They have snacks & cold drinks. But me and my diet need not enter. So I just run in pay & go.
Best meats in town for sure!!! I just wish they were open Saturday and Sunday. or At least Saturday
My chicken dish was over cooked, rice and beans have set on the steam table to long, dried out! Restaurant was clean, service was good. Doubt I'll ever go back, not impressed!
This place saved me!  My belt broke on my way to Blondie's, and thank god the mall was still open when I got there.  I searched for a cheap belt, and Journey's won with a $12 belt that has been holding my pants up since.
Bought a Yelp Deal for my smog- what a great place!  Apparently I'd been here before with another vehicle, I don't remember- fast, efficient, pleasant, can't ask for more! We'll be going here for all our smogs!
Was ok, broth pretty good, tasty wings, but when I go they are CHEAP on the beef, like 4 wimpy slices, and charged $4 more for 4 more slices! Other times when I go with people who are regulars service and portions are great. Playing favorites at a restaurant isnt for me.
Absolutely ridiculous !! We stopped in after dinner and ordered a vanilla milkshake and 2 small blizzards.  After 30 mins and 5 orders after ours being filled ... We gave up and asked for a refund. The manager seemed to care less.  Horrible customer service.  I wish there was an option to select 0 stars
Good for watching the football in & getting a bit of a flavour of the down to earth side of the West End. Clean & cheerful with pleasant service although not without pretension as Stella's \u00a33.95 a pint.
The people that work here are really nice,  and one of the guys tonight helped me pick out shoes for my boyfriend and he loved them so thanks!
Terrible, terrible service .  Mediocre food (except the smoker salmon--delicious...but definitely not worth putting up with the awful service.
The up-selling is obnoxious. I'm there for a car wash, not a windshield, not a spot cleaning of a seat for $20. Not a detail job that can be paid now and done years from now. I feel like I'm in Morocco, people trying to sell me stuff.
This place really does serve up some really great pizza.  I would go with the thicker pizza though as the thinner one can get a bit too crispy for my liking.  Great attention to detail with the decor.  The Eggplant appetizer was pretty good.
They were helpful and professional throughout the process. Diane in the office took care of everything including scheduling someone to spread the rock (John, very reasonable and great work). When we decided to get more rock at the last minute they accommodated us. Very happy!
Great service! Good price. Friendly employees. Was in and out of there quickly. Wouldn't bring my car anywhere else!
This place seems to appeal to an older crowd (late 30s/early 40s) The best thing about partying here is the view of the fountains outside the big window.
I love going here, and looking at the Flamingos!
The food the vibe the service are all amazing.\n\nIt is a small space so either expect to sit at a small table, the counter or get your food to go...but everything is really good.
