Went in for lunch the other day and had the Mongolian Beef, House Chow Mein and Boiled Won Ton. All of them were very good and the service was ridiculously quick with refills, etc. Would like to go back and try some of the other dishes.
Great little get-a-away from the strip mexican food. It was recomended by a valet guy and it was great.
Had the chicken tacos. They were not your ordinary tacos which was a good thing. Very good taste and only about 9 bucks. Service was quick to. Recommended
Their foods are really shitty, I got food poisoning here and I can't even stop throwing up and shitting like AVOID THIS PLACE IF YOU CAN
Crappy service.
I just had a fantastic bean and cheese burrito.  The tortilla was so fresh and tasty.  The beans were creamy and well spiced.  There was the perfect amount of cheese.  The meal was fast was well priced and the staff was friendly.  The atmosphere was pleasant and clean.  Great place!!!
Always able to get in right away even without an appointment. There is one male tech (didn't catch his name) who was not very friendly, and didn't do the greatest job, but everyone else I have had has been great!
very good deli - not quite like the best NY delis but for being in Tempe it's OK.
The best \" free\" thing to do in Vegas. If you're lucky, Elvis may be waiting for you here.
On average and always have what I'm looking for... Solid for last minute/Oh sh!t... lol.\n\nWish there were a few more people to have help those who are lost!
good for groups, staff is pretty understanding and patient. they have a full bar and is reasonably priced. great place to hang out before you dance your face off at marquee
So happy they opened one in Goodyear!  Work across the street so that's awesome. Great coffee, cool vibe.
Good food.  They use good ingredients and present dishes well.  If they weren't in Shadyside, which peaked 40 years ago, they'd get the acclaim they deserve.
Amazing Pizza!!!\n\nWith out a doubt the best pizza place in all LV!!
Great outdoor seating and bingo.\n\nGood beer selection.
Get the apple pancakes! You won't regret it.
Wow. That was my initial reaction. This place looks like someone's back yard converted into a joke of a bird cage. Do not visit.
I've been several times, and while I've had a few good nights here I've often found the bar staff to be less than welcoming.
I have not ate here for a while. Tonight we got 2 pizza's they were very salty. Pizza has gone down since they opened.
They have some crazy sandwiches but they seemed a little bland to me.  The concepts were good but the execution was not.  The craft beer selection is pretty good and they have some ciders from Arsenal.  I would stop in for sure but there are other places in the city I would eat first.
They took the only thing off the menu that I ate.  Short rib sloppy Joe.  It was amazing (tear).
I came here for my yearly eye exam. Was very happy with Dr. Jordan and his staff. I will be back next year!
This gym needs a remodel!!!!! It is so outdated for the area and clients that consistently come here. If they even read these do something with this place!!! There are way better places popping up now and I more and more likely will be changing soon, this isnt worth $30 a month
One star is too many..get to the airport 3 hours early or you will stand in line for 45 minutes and then be refused boarding by rude incompetent clerks who are in serious need of bitch slapping..don't bother checking in online..complete waste of time..
Pretty bad store overall... Poor, scattered service. Yet another Apple store that uses the term \"genius\" very loosely. Wouldn't come here unless I was absolutely desperate.
We stopped in for breakfast.  The prices were high for very marginal food....frozen potatoes that weren't even served warm.  Food didn't seem very fresh either.  Left with that heavy, ugh feeling.
Average food, ok staff and diner atmosphere. Nothing to write home about. Small portions of brisket. We won't be back.
Lame company. Lengthy windows. Who really has time to stay home from 8am to 2pm waiting for them. Plus, they were super late past that six hour waiting period. Crappy service as well. Don't recommend. Secretary is rude, also. Never again.
The ambience was lovely with a gentle Asian fusion feel. Our server Alex was funny, cute and helpful. Most importantly the food was amazing. The club sushi roll was outstanding and my vegan friend enjoyed her tofu green curry. You really must try this place.
Always an interesting experience walking up and into the Apple Store. It never gets old. Of course when needing to ask questions or get some guidance its typically down hill from that point on.\n\nStill unable to get an ipad 2, wifi, AT&T model.....very frustrating!
No sandwiches, no non-dairy pizza options, just pizza and calzones.  The upstairs is definitely cool but I wouldn't be going back for the food.
I can't rate this place because it's not there. they moved, miles down the road to a different location, who knows how long ago.  yelp won't let me give zero stars for a non-existent place
They have done all the work on my Chrysler 300 that includes tie rods, air filter systems etc. They have done it a better job then any other shop and at a fair price.  Me or my girlfriend won't go anywhere else for our auto work
For all that don't know, this shop is geared towards drag queens. However, all are welcome here! The costumes are a bit out-dated and way overpriced. The mens clothing area leaves a lot to be desired. You can find better products and prices at many other stores in the valley.
Sooo....  Looks like this place is more hyped up than it should be.  Service is extremely slow, the food wasn't memorable, and the way the waiters looked down upon our party like we weren't good enough to eat there would make anyone think twice about trying this place again.
Very helpful.  Barista took the time to explain perks that will keep us coming back! Thanks Hillary!
Absolutely the funniest show in Vegas. He will have you laughing the entire show. The auditorium is small so every seat is a good one. Special effects and audio is amazing. A must see.
Only theater in town i'd go to.  Comfortable seats and easy parking.  Always reserve your seats online before going, makes things alot easier.
this place is drat disgusting. do not, i repeat, do not eat here! unless you want to vomit! The Griddle? More like, The Shittle!
Just ok.  Nothing special.  Last time I was there was a hair on my plate.  Food is better then other thai places in summerlin.  I'll be back.
OK is really what this place is...The cooks look dirty, the place looks greasy, on the bright side the girl is friendly at the counter...The food is ok...Take a good look behind the counter where the food is being prepped...Even wearing Sandals...Gross...
This location is hipster central on the weekends after the bars let out. The late night and early morning crew are all pretty stellar and the restrooms and dining area are always clean. As for the food..well, its e&p - what do expect?
Service advisor that greeted me was showing little interest of my LS issue.  They were running around in crisis trying to locate loaner car for someone else.  Not what I am use to by a Lexus dealership.  I drove away.
Meal was great...desert sucked!!!  Whatever you do don't get the fried ice cream.   It's not fried ice cream. They take a ball of ice cream and coat it in corn flakes. GROSS!!!!  Not sure how they can call this fried ice cream when it's clearly not
Beautiful bar, with a hot staff. 2 for 1 patron drinks made my day! Great drink stop
I like this place.  They have fat free frozen yogurt in pistachio which is amazing.
Wonderful restaurant with nice ambiance, good service, interesting menu. Our dinner was delicious.
Yuck!!!!!! I know not to expect anything great at a fast food place but my money would have been better spent  at Taco Bell. The chicken was fatty with a nasty seasoning. For what we paid we could have had a great meal at Azteca.
Some of the best fish selection I have ever seen....a bit pretentious about making reservations...the 48$ menu is awesome price point for everything you get!!!
The best bbq I have ever had, but oddly enough it was the olive coleslaw that stoled the show.  Bryan's is the best and Bryan was very friendly!
I wouldn't trust them to change my bicycle tire.  Very manipulative in trying to claim alignment is bad, need new air filter even though it was just changed a week ago.  Never coming here again!
I suppose the food is good because this place is always packed with people.  I'm a huge fan of the chocolate chip cookie dough pizza with ice cream.  I just can't stand the long waits for everything, so I only go once every year or so.  The service is never fast.
Twila's Barbershop is a family operated business in the heart of, South Scottsdale. If your looking to get a great haircut at a reasonable price this is the place to go! \nGreat environment for everybody at any age. Go give them a try you won't be let down, guaranteed.
loved it, came in the wrong way. saw the massive line for mgm, then got to the check in for signature...ah started off great.  awesome room for the price.  good service.  O and its always pretty badass seeing travis pastrana base jump off the other signature in front of our room.
After thinking for years that I needed to try this place,  I finally made it in to check it out.  I decided to go with frozen custard and chose chocolate & a sugar cone.  It was good and the service was a-ok.
First time trying North End Pizza.  It was very good thin crust, hot and fresh and very reasonably priced.  Love the decor but of course I'm a Boston fan and there is lots of Boston memorabilia along with the Rat Pack and Mafia motif.   The pizza is familiar and is reminiscent of Villa pizza  in the mall  but still delicious.
Food and drinks where just ok not Amazing or even great  . Dont wear flip flops here because there are all kinds of peanut shells on the floor that have probably been in the mouths of others . Price was ok i guess but i would have rather had pizza from across the prking lot
Just went here during the day. I was the only one at the bar. Chris and Clay served me a beer and then in 15 minutes never took an order for food. Chris looked at me like 5 times not once said Hello or anything. Worst Bartenders Ever.
This review is solely based on the ATM.  I have now twice attempted to deposit money into the atm and both times the machine stated it could not currently accept deposits.  Luckily there is a Chase atm in Albertsons across the street.
Nice place to play.  They comp well.  A few miles from the strip.
went for dim sum last summer after graduation MEDICORE! it was not that good at all
I tried this place twice because it was very different.  It is different but that's it.  The place doesn't have much else going for it.
Terrible. No Buffalo stuff anywhere. Also closed Sundays. Don't waste your time if you are looking for a WNY experience.
Ate here last Thursday with a co-worker and sat at the bar.  We both ordered the west coast burger to try something different.  The cucumbers were cut rather large but overall the burger was very good and the tater tots were also good.  They always have good food.
The boyfriend and I were both craving sushi today so after going to Home Depot we stopped into sushi loca. Very chill and peaceful atmosphere. The service was quick and kind and the food was delicious and fresh !
Very impressive restaurant! Beautiful interior. The ramen is to die for , I ordered the Tonkostu (pork bone) ramen which was very tasty and flavorful! The service was awesome and staff is friendly. My new favorite place to get ramen.
Really nice Steakhouse. The food was absolutely fine and the stuff very friendly. We will come back as soon we are back in Montreal!
Really good, greasy pizza.  However, in a town full of truly great pizza (Glass Nickel, Ian's, and Roman Candle), Falbo Bros is just a late night stop.  It is what it is.
Too much Spanish here. Employees are loud and obnoxious. I sat in my truck, couldn't listen to the constant bla bla any longer.
The menudo is very good, and the chorizo con huevos was great!
It's small and doesn't have enough outside space. But if you're in a rush I's check it out.
Walked in at 3 minutes past 2 and was told they were closed. I said it was 2 and they told me \"Too Bad\" I said I just wanted something to go and I was told the kitchen was already shut down. Is this how they treat customers? I will tell everyone not to ever go there.
Truffle fries were excellent.  You can pass on the duck and pork belly buns.  The iced tea was terrible, boba was not good.  Miagi burger was really good.  Cooked perfectly, juicy and tangy.  It was a little oily though but still good.
This place is sooo good especially for the price.  Have yet to have something I didn't like.  Lunch special is a large portion with soup or spring rolls, always a plus.  Definitely recommend trying
My husband and I ate here Friday and we were impressed.  I'm a wimp when it comes to spice and this place was spicy!  (But that's a good thing!)  We bought a groupon for this restaurant, and we've decided to buy another one!   We shall be returning!
Great food and service! Would highly recommend. Had the pulled pork sandwich. Tried friends brisket, ribs and all were tender and tasty.
I miss this place! I used to get lunch from here quite regularly when I worked in the area - excellent noodle bowl with imperial rolls, fresh veggies, and great tea. Well priced. Friendly and quick service.
Best pizza I've found in Summerlin. Lots of fresh toppings and great flavor. Not the cheapest pizza, but worth it.
Great local bike and snowsports shop...they have everything you need to get on the road or the slopes and they have a incredible selection of trek and cannon sale bike and many kinda of boards and bindings!!   The service center is also very knowledgable and reliable!!!
Very disappointing, tasteless and expensive for what you get.
Went today for lunch - service good - fresh veges. Still not impressed. Seems a bit pricey!
Great location...  The wraps and fresh brewed teas are exactly what you would expect from Red Velvet Cafe.... Chipotle Turkey Avacado wrap is delicious.  2nd day in a row!
We use to love this place\nThe service has gone  downhill, quality of the food, and dirty dishes makes for a poor experience. If your just looking to have a beer than your ok
Encore Beach Party is a very nice spot to party during the day.. we had a table near the dj for a good minimum tab. Service was great no complaints at all..
They make their own bread!! Nothing is pre packaged, everything here is fresh.  You can choose your meat size!  I recommend this place to anyone who is a burger lover!! I can no longer go to a drive through for a burger
I haven't been here in a year and I won't be back. We sat at the bar and the service was really awful. The food wasn't much better. The slaw looked like it had sat out for a week and when we got our food it was cold.
I have been going here for years!  Love the place.  They know my daughter and I by name.  Always do a fun design on our toes and are very friendly.  I have gotten to know most of them by name and hear about their kids.  Family run place and everyone pitches in.  Going back tomorrow!!
Poor service and expensive food that isn't impressive. It does score points for having a lot of beer choices and a good patio. Go for drinks, not for food and you should be content.
My go to delivery Chinese spot..from that category you gotta know what to expect but the Wok definitely steps it up over any other delivery place that I know of in the area.
Just a plain ol' pawn shop with overpriced items due to the success of the show ...I've seen wayyy better pawn shops than this one... but had to check it out anyway ...lol
Wasn't that bad, but for the price it's 3 stars. 26 bucks for brunch. They do know how to cook bacon. For the price I could of got two Gordon Ramseys burGRs
Our family has been eating here for 16 years. Fantastic food, great service.
Good food at a good price.
The Original Pancake House Make Everything from scratch. The Omelette's are excellent. Pancakes are good. Excellent Customer Service. BIG Plus!  Definitely worth your time and Money.
Cesar salad not good. It's stale lettuce and a bit bitter. Fish and chips is a good choice. The fish is large and so are those potato wedges. Decor is pretty classic, but I think it's a bit too dim.
Excellent in every aspect.  Had the White Fish platter, comes with 2 bagels, cream cheese,choice of salads,6 sliced tomatoes, capers, green and black olives, lettuce, pickle, etc.  Too much.. will be back without a doubt.  $16.95
Salted caramel brownie.  Need I say more?
Had to give them some love, just eat here the other day, been there tons of times best dogs ever flame broiled you can burn em if you want... Chili and cheese are both great stuff. Only thing they always have a big line but that's tells you the place is a Tempe staple!
Senor Frog's is garish. Talk about selling out.
first time ever smoking in the lounge. it was an awesome experience. i will for sure keep  coming back. if i have a day off work. you know where ill be.
I was not impressed with their barbacoa, Cafe Rio is wayyyy better! Their prices suck... $3.50 for chips and 2 oz of guacamole? Wtf?
Don't go to Subway!\nVito, pepe and tuna subs\nAnd the bread is good!*\n\n*and I don't even like bread
This place runs hot and cold. Some days the food is awesome, others its meh. Price isn't bad. Place could use renovation and someone dedicated to picking up the used dishes more often.
First time to the restaurant and my husband and I enjoyed both the atmosphere and the food.  Service was great!  We'll be going back!!!
The fountain is the saving grace of this hotel. The hotel and especially the customer service is in need of a MAJOR over haul. \n\nThey need to take a lesson from Aria for customer service.
They have the Amarone wine I sooo love. Wish the store was the size of the one in Atlanta, and this one has most of what I like. so will be going back
I think you need to take off a star for all Vegas reviews. This place was hyped up on Yelp and in Vegas. I like my sushi, but this place is wayyyy overrated as far as food taste and quality. Ambiance and service was ok.
Food and service are excellent!  My wife called me gay for my drink selections, but the flirtini is awesome too. \n\nThe only downfall is that we were told we would have a 25 minute wait, but ended up waiting over an hour.
Fun place to relax and watch the pink flamingos, koi fish etc.. while surrounded by palm tress. \n\nPlus it's FREE!!
Average. OK winelist, food basic Italian without much thought, ambience OK. Would I recommend it? Not if I could walk somewhere closer....
i hate this wall mart its soo small and dirty and the staff are rude
FANTASTIC place to take a class on a field trip.  My 5th graders were absolutely loving all of the interactive displays that they have.  Their docents are friendly and knowledgeable as well.  My students were encouraged to ask questions and just have fun!
What a hidden gem! The food was out of this world amazing and the service was lightning fast. Can't wait to come back!
Chicken wings are a good choice  to soak up liquor quickly. Saturday night bar across from the restaurant have live music.
Worst place on the west side.  Bartenders don't know how to keep track of anything.  Charged me the same amount twice on separate debit cards.  Won't be returning
YUMMY! Went in to try with the groupon they offered. Very good food & very reasonably priced! Loved the Frontier burger. Fried\n pickles were to die for & Oreo shake was delicious! We'll definitely be back!
this place is shitty they tell you they deliver 2.5 miles and dont horrible customer service and i really hope this place shuts down apperently my money no good there dont even bother with this place its a waste og time
I got cheese rangoons and they didn't include sweet & sour sauce with my to-go order.  I called the store when I got home and their response is: \"eh, I think you gotta ask for it.  Did you ask for it?\"   \n\nJust don't go to THIS location.
Great pace to relax on lunch break and snatch up some wifi on a couch!
WORST! BAD COMPANY!!! Customer services really sucks and the operator is really rude! She has a major bitchy attitude and you could tell by the phone she hates her job.
This place is horrible we had to sign in and wait over 20 minutes while Danielle stood there in the front doing nothing...  she wasn't helpful at all.
Food and staff are always awesome! Gourmet steak tacos are my favorite!
One of the best bbq joints in Charlotte. I had the bbq sandwich...simply amazing. Fries and fried pickles were good too. Definitely will return.
They are crminal con artists, if it a simple problem, they wont tell you,.they will tell you they have to check this and that and charging you all the way, dont go here, they will screw you without the KY
This place was ok, it's just a convience store in the airport to grab some candy or other bad for you munchies to take on the plane.  They have typical airport pricing and selection.
Stopped in, had a couple of drinks, paid and left. Nothing to get excited over, but a decent stop if you like Irish whiskey and need a fix.
I had a really poor, over-priced veggie burger here. The place was full and busy at 3:00 in the afternoon, so apparently it's popular. I'll give it another chance, but even the salad I sampled from my dining partner (since mine was so bad) was just OK.
Food is generally very good, but the prices are sky-high and the service is hit-or-miss.\n\nThis restaurant is reasonably food-allergy friendly, but it is expensive.\n\nPersonally, I think Casa Rasta next door is a much better option!
Brought the kids in and discovered the Huckleberry Ice Cream.  The kids loved it.  Store itself was pretty cool, clean, and comfy.  The kid at the counter was very friendly and courteous.  Will come back.
Friendly staff. Food is decent. The place needs a good cleaning. But not a bad place to grab a bite.
The Happy Hour menu has changed.  Our favorite foods are gone!  Happy hour ends at 7:30 and I swear it used to last until 8.  We were so sad to see the changes.
Hotel rooms are decent and clean. Shower has no pressure and half glass wall so ya freeze. Everyone  one at front desk or whoever  answers  the phone should  be fired. Rude and  unprofessional!  Will never stay here again.  Pay the extra  few dollars and stay on the strip!!!!
The hubby and I came here at a strange time on Memorial Day.  There was no line.  The food was excellent.  This was the largest burrito bowl I have ever received from a Chipotle.  They were very generous.  It tasted fantastic.  I love how they marinate their chicken.  We left very happy.
When I went, it was still in Queen Creek, but I definitely wasn't impressed. Wasn't the least bit scary. Plus, the pricing was ridiculous, way too overpriced.
Went to eat buffet. This is the Worst food ever I eat. All the dishes are tasteless. I won't recommend this to anyone.
The Great American Bagels are not very great considering they specialize in bagels. And $7 for a basic not so fresh turkey bagel sandwich seems kind of steep.\n\nNext time, I'm going to Concourse C to try the bagel place across from Sbarros.
This place is very cute, clean, and the lady whom I think is the owner is very friendly. Prices are reasonable too. Delicious.
20 minute wait on a Monday morning at 10:15 with a dozen open tables? Perhaps better staffing  management is needed. Very disappointing for a high end restaurant in a 5 star hotel.
Good people watching.  \nThe food was pretty good... expensive considering what you get.\nLots of variety of food vendors.\nCarnival atmosphere.\nI got free tickets.  \nNow that I've been... I probably won't go again.
My family has been frequenting Hiro for many years.  It about as close to authentic Japanese sushi as you can find in the Valley.  The staff are super friendly and consistently good.  I guess the prices are reasonable.  You can eat sushi for less but it probably won't be as good.
I give it 2 stars.....ONLY because the staff and service were good. You may rate it higher if you are fond of those frozen Healthy Choice bowls.
The ingredients are fresh and good but i always have to throw the pizza in the oven because it is never fully cooked, get your stuff together guys, your pizza would be good if it was cooked right! Cant comment about anything else.
Very salty...This place is hard to find..I was hoping for a good pizza..Was very dissapointed
All I can say is this my favorite buffet! There are so many choices, the staff is friendly and the place is clean and the food is also really good. I've never seen so many salad and dessert choices. It is well worth the price we paid and we will going back! Keep up the good work Studio B.
Serves Kilt Lifter, Hefeweizen - yum. Large outdoor patio is perfect for larger parties, nice laidback vibe. Had an excellent server. Extensive pub fare - nachos are tasty, half portion is sizable (enough to split). Limited lot parking, largely street parking.
Super convenient location, a typically nice staff and typical Jamba Juice selection. Can't go wrong with a Mango Mantra to start my morning!
Went to this place and it is the bomb. I had shrimp and it was delicious . I would definitely recommend this place for everyone.
It was great years ago when Charlotte did not have as many places.  There are so many better places to go now.  The food is average.  The service is very good.  The dessert is excellent.  Overall it is a 3
The new vegan menu at the Bread Co. is delicious. The linguine is especially hearty and chock full of veggies. The carrot cake was delicious as well.
I like this location. Never had an issue. The staff are young but have always been pleasant. The food has always been good and the place is clean as a taco bell can be. :)
Horrible service, staff was rude and mean, will never come back, EVER!!!
I love this place!! Fatty smoked meat, mustard on rye with pickle. Yum. Meat melts in your mouth. Bought it home to PA and it reheated (steam) amazingly well. So delicious as my mouth waters!
45 minutes in and I haven't gotten my wings. I can probably count all the customers here on my two hands. This is ridiculous.
They did a fair job. Prices are set, but they got to me fast! I've had better experiences with pop-a-lock and AAA, but also worse experiences. 007 got me taken care of...
Came here on a Saturday night during labour day weekend, the service wasn't good, but the place was busy. We were seated and it took about 20 minutes until a server waited on us. I had the braised lamb shank and it was okay.
The burger was very good can't say anything bad about it. You will not be disappointed, unless you like fries with your burger. If that is the case you better look elsewhere. Not a fry to be found I find home fries a poor substitute with a burger. Just my two cents.
Western Bacon Cheeseburger. Enough said.
Ok at best! Would knock myself out to come  again. My expectations were no high and I was disappointed. Noisy, food average for chain!
Went for breakfast and the food was tasty. The service was just average. The eggs Benedict were tasty but very salty without a lot of character. The egg white and veggie omelette was ok but nothing spectacular. The dining room is clean, large and fun. I would go back but the food is nothing spectacular.
Some welcome color to a pretty corporate part of town.  It is not your typical ethnic restaurant full of provincial kitsch.  While it does have a lot of the Peruvian classics it is pulled off with a modern and fresh flair.  The price point is a little high for lunch but the experience is unique enough to merit the added cost.
Just a over priced in and out burger with a different name. And the fries tasted like they pulled them out of the ground and right into the deep frier. To over priced. Just another rip you off with bad food burger place.
They cover the walls with tacky crap with blinking lights and annoying little beeping sounds to distract you from the poor quality of the food. \n\nTo call this a \"deli\" is an insult to all of the real delis out there.
Decent Chinese food. I go often for take out. It is easy and convenient for those in central phoenix. I have had times where some of the food is great and other times it was bad. Support local restaurants, this beats panda express!
Great Bar upstairs the Beer selection was large enough to please any beer snob.
The do-nut ended it's life in the trash. The Apple Fritter was very greasy (still tasting the grease on the roof of my mouth). I did not expect to eat a tub of Crisco, after just one small piece of it. Don't waste time here.
Review based on wait times .Wanted to check this place out, but a 4 hour wait......on a Saturday before noon. No thanks.
Really scary place. The White Russian special that night was horrific. They added too much milk.
Great food, service was excellent.  Great atmosphere, deffinately worth the money.
Good Starbucks with a nice staff. My only complaint is that they have really limited parking and it's a hassle to try and exit in your car.
More of a kids show than for adults.  Juvenile.
Late night snack place. \n\nIt hit the spot and we both had happy plates. I'd go again if I needed a quick bite to soak up all the alcohol or to fight off the lack of sleep.
Try to go on a day when they are not very busy and your puppy will come back a happy dude.
Loved this place! It's convenient to my home in Coronado, nicely priced and delicious. Definitely going back for the beer specials.
I could not write enough words to express my satisfaction. \nService with Integrity and extremely humble roots. A+++
Last time a visit here. Way too much food, very slow. Staff seemed confused, lost. What a let down.
We live close so we eat at Billy's a lot but never have been disappointed. It was the first time trying the Southern pulled pork BBQ instead of the usual suspects. It was good. And they sell Mecktoberfest. All in all, still good.
I have purchased furniture and have had plenty of stuff upholstered.This place deserves more interest than some others I have frequented. Great customer service from the owner who loves design with a passion.
Hands down the best sandwich place Downtown.  \n\nYou can always count on them to be fast, quality and delicious.  Anything you order there is good - and you can't say that about many places.
Yes!! A Postinos by me!! This one offers indoor and outdoor seating with a better view than the Arcadia location!! Good to come here to start First Friday, have the bruschetta and cheese plate. Plenty enough to go around ,2 to 3 people. Great stafff on hand as well!
Very good authentic Thai food. The noodles are well seasoned and Penang chicken is perfect! I would have given them 4 stars but the service is slow. They need more wait staff...
Awful place. Tourist trap. I even went through the reviews. The reviews from locals were terrible. The out of town reviews were great! Maybe Galianos is great in Ann Arbor, but it isn't in Old Montreal. \n\nI suggest you just keep on walking when you see it.
Great place, great food, and great service. I would happily come back here or any of their other restaurants!
R you guys serious? This is the worst pizza... It's like petesfish and chips every one is stuck on it and it's out right nasty...
Great service, good food, beautiful restaurant. I like it because it has a high end feeling not a cafe feel.   Our food came in no time and it was delicious!   Jack, the manager was on top of things.  I really like it!
Great place to hang out and drink good beer or be a good designated driver like me.  \n\nThe fries are my favorite thing on the menu!  However, the Green Chile Pork is amazing and my Mom refuses to order anything other than Beer Battered Fish & Chips.
I gave this place a 3 bc the staff was rude but the food was great! Good pizza! Atmosphere was loud but not unbearable. No music. I don't speak French and they didn't have an English menu so that was frustrating. Overall, good food but don't expect to be paid attention to.
Went for spring training with 3 guys to one room. They said a cot was not allowed because of a fire regulation. One guy on the floor as a result. Way overpriced rooms and bar with weakly poured drinks. Only thing good about this hotel was the location.
This outlet sucks. Old and outdated. My local mall is better than this place.\n\nOnly thing good at this place is dunkin donuts.
The food here was good and came out quick.  They seemed a little disorganized when it came to taking care of our larger than normal party which included 9 patrons.
These guys were very friendly and helpful, and the shirts turned out great. You probably won't find a better option for screen printing in Charlotte.
Zero stars shut them down they are police endorsed crooks.  the injustice of cops against all is real! STOP this abuse!!!!
I had oysters for appetizer which were very fresh. The lamb entree was quite tasty too.\nThe chicken was good but not great. What I really loved was the service, they were very courteous and made sure we had a great evening.
fun, four story store.\nbut very overpriced.
Came here for the first time and the experience was great. Tried 3 different sushi all were delish especially the x-wife one. The atmosphere definitely made up for the quality of the food. The price of the sushi was decent for the amount of food that i got. Would definitely go  back here again!
If you like overpriced drinks, rude service, hearing the same songs repeatedly, hearing the same jokes over and over again, and being surrounded by rich douchebags, then by all means come here.
The Pizza: 9\n\nThe sandwich: 7\n\nThe service: 4\n\nThe cost: atrocious \n\n$9 for a vodka and Soda?? $18 for a tiny pizza? C'mon now
If I could give zero stars I would. Worst cab company in Madison. Tried multiple times to be responsible by taking a cab but green cab refuses to give us service to the west side of town. So disappointed.
Absolutely Dreadful dirty rooms.  Mainly from age. Needs to be gutted and re-done or torn down   Darn and dingy corridors and I did not feel safe, moved after one night to another hotel, which I will also rate.   Staff was friendly and courteous though.
Friday after work and the wife and I we're debating where to eat. We let YELP decide. Fish tacos were great and Greek salad was refreshing. Great local environment! The ambiance was modern and comfortable. Nice and cool too. Good, friendly service.   Definitely coming back!
One of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  Love the salmon and I haven't had a bad app here yet.  A great place to unwind and enjoy great food and drink.
First off nothing gourmet going on here at all. Its basically Subway with free delivery and they have to deliver it for free or there is no way in hell you would bother with the place. It's cheap, generic, flavorless food.
Some good cigars. The selection of excellent cigars is limited. \n\n  The humidor is a little cold for storage. It's freezing. \n\n  We'll see what else is in Las Vegas.
So sad, rolled up to a sign today that said closed indefinitely.
Girls are sweet and prices are reasonable. The stand up bed is hot so make sure you adjust your time ( I might just be super white lol)
Me and my friends decided to stay at ballys because of their great prices. The room were so much better then I expected. We got an upgrade with our little trick;]. Our room was clean and spacious. We were smack right in the middle of everything. Overall great hotel
Driver forgot the sauces and I waited over hour and a half for my delivery. I'm pretty sure he was on drugs cuzz he had blood shot eyes. ... I'm probably never ordering pizza from here ever again..
The food is absolutely outstanding, service is bad. Worth it for that pasty though. My advice? Get it to go and have a picnic in the park just north of the place ;)\n\nAlso they're mixed drinks always seem a bit light too... stick with the drafts.
Tried this location after often going to the Peoria near Cactus location. Was very happy with the meal and my daughter wanted a dinner so she ordered the chopped steak and was happy with her meal. This will be a regular family spot as we were all so full afterward.
Not a bad joint.  Every time we go into the one at WestGate, it appears empty.\n\nFood is great.  Beer is great.  Menu is diverse.
This BofA can blow it out it's a$$!   Stood in line for over 30 minutes to withdraw MY money.  As I type these words, there is one teller working and 15 people in line.... (think of Walmart).
FANTASTIC!!!  OMG!  I am a picky eater and this buffet was GREAT!  There was so much to choose from and the desserts were to die for!  The gelato was delicious... Mexican and Asian cuisine  was mouth watering.... Can not wait to go again!
Easily the best fish tacos in town!
Best Pad Thai with Chicken in town and their Thai Tea is something special as well. The atmosphere is cozy and great for lunch or dinner. And a bonus is while you are waiting for take out, you can go next door to the Paper Skyscraper to waste some time.
bev who???? total wine is my favorite!!!!!!!  weekend wine tastings! beer classes!! tons of beer and wine to choose!!!! always low prices!!! my 12 pack is 11.49 everytime!! tgftw!!!!
Food is OK at best. Food takes forever to come out. Do not eat here if you want good food or if you're in a hurry. I'd actually recommend going to the buffet over cafe. Same crap same price but buffet offers a bit more items.
Went in a few nights ago and had a dreadful meal.  Service was incredibly slow, calamari was tough and chewy, and the lasagna had the consistency of mush.  Too bad, I have eaten here 5 times with solid results.  Maybe it was an off night.
Beerarita?  Um yes please!!!  The quesadilla was totally stuffed with chicken, however could have used a little more flavor.  The chips/salsa was yummy and the salsa was exactly what the quesadilla was lacking.
Staff is nice, friendly & helpful... coffee is hot & plentiful... prices were reasonable... food yummy! Restroom was kinda strange... shared with other local businesses in building... but kept clean...
My favorite place for milk tea. I love the boba, it actually tastes good compared to some of the other places that don't seem to add anything to it. The smoothies and the shaved ice or fruit ice things (idk what they are called oops lol) are also really good.
I always enjoy the line up of artists...this year they had Kobe Kaliey,  Daughtry and The Script.... They saved the best for last, Danny O'Donahue is fantastic!!  He really interacted with his fans. He really made my day.. I hope to revisit every year.
Customer service level is high. There is a large selection of quality brands, and the prices are incredible. I got average 50% everything. Some items are in regular stores now. This is my new favorite spot to shop!
I got my nails done here and I'm a guy and it was great!
Our two steaks were raw in the middle. Not rare but raw. Around us other diners were calling the wait staff over for the same reason. Over cooked I can see - but serial raw? Horrible.
Just had an amazing lunch here. The food was all homemade including the pita. I ordered the Kafta combo platter and my husband ordered the meat pie combo and we both had a hard time finishing. The hummus was great and the meat was perfectly spiced and cooked. We will definitely going back soon!
Totally unprofessional! Their time is much more valuable then yours and they show no concern for the things you are shipping. Requested a 13 hour pick up window for the trailer!  STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE!!!
Had a piece of a pizza from here with vegan cheese on it... So freaking good! One of those things you could eat every night! Hope it goes on the menu full time. If so, I live down the street and hate to cook so I'll be ordering lots! :-)
Way over priced. I guess we're just spoiled by NY sushi. We have the best. Kaizen charges triple for what they call sushi. $10 beer? Ambiance is very nice though, if you want to pay just for that.
Good peruvian not like mi peru
Never been to the original location, but frequent the Mint Hill location. Overall the place is great. They are known for their pizza, which is great, but they also have good sandwiches and the queso dip is awesome. Service is also good. If the prices were a little lower it would be exceptional.
Amazing breakfast food. A little pricey but the food is definitely fresh and very tasty! The service is great, fast and attentive. Family friendly.
Fried rice was worst i ever eat...im grow up asia and i go out eat some other place around here but this is worst place.\nAnd service people are not so good little rude.\nIm so disappointed. . . .
This place constantly has broken water pipes, and the hot water is always a problem. So if you like to bathe in warm or hot water don't live here. For the price the aparments go for at this place you can go a street down and get a better deal.
Sorry, aber wer so unfreundliches Personal hat, zu dem gehen wir nicht nochmals hin.
Love the food.
This is the best cup of tea I've ever had! They have lots of samples to try as well.
Closed?  Someone tell the Sweet Tomatoes Marketing department.  I got the flyer in the mail today 12/31/14, and that location is still listed.  Sad....
Decent breakfast but there was soooooo much sugar in the iced coffee! We felt like we were actually hallucinating! Ordered a waffle with bananas and pecans, was disappointed to find out the pecans are also covered in sugar. Seriously, sugar everywhere..
Service friendly\nOrdered cob salad and chicken wings\nEverything was okay typical burger place and easy cause it's in the mall
This is a Mom N Pop shop all the way. Food was good, service was OK, but I was surprised that they don't have fajitas??? Would not make a special trip back, but if your in the neighborhood, its a safe choice.
This place is closed last year.
Love this place. Truly one of the best Italian restaurants in the valley.. Great ambiance. Authentic Italian food. Very reasonable priced as well. Great service
our floor maid checked in our suite while we were still in the living/ kitchen area, and asked if she could just punch in. then she didnt come back to clean our suite.
Terrible. Not only did the food take 40 minutes to arrive, it tasted dry and bland. They put a lot of vegetables to make up for the lack of meat. They got the order wrong and charged us for an extra egg that we never ordered! We were even missing two drinks! Never coming back ever again.
very far away from strip, noise of landing airplanes, $20 resort fee, very small pool
The food here is OK but nothing special.  The service and ambiance are very lacking.  If I want authentic Mexican at a local Mom and Pop dive, I'd rather go to Espo's.
Horrible customer service. If you go in there, stay away from the mexican lady, Cassandra. All she did the whole time was play with her phone the whole time. Never made eye contact the entire time. The absolute worst customer service of any bank.
The owner, Jeff, was extremely professional and friendly.  He responded to our emergency call for service at 10:30 PM on a Wednesday evening without requiring us to pay a nighttime upcharge.  He did a great job rekeying our entire house at an extremely reasonable price.  We highly recommend Sparks' Locksmith!!!
Everything here is delicious!! And they have the friendliest staff around, makes you feel like you're in the islands, for sure! Totally worth driving across town for!!
what a great comic book store! I happened upon it during my stroll around Fremont St. \nit's not giant, but there is a lot there. the guy working was super nice and we chatted about comics for a good amount of time. I'll definitely stop in again next time I'm in Vegas.
No sushi menu, no back support at table, place is small. Food was good and service quick, will not be returning because of no sushi and back hurt 5 min into dinner
Beautiful theater, excellent seats and friendly staff. You can even purchase your intermission drink before your show even begins & it will be out there waiting for you. We saw The Nutcracker, just excellent.
The worst home warranty insurance I have ever seen. They are rude and unprofessional. They are so scared that they don't even let you talk to the owner if you have a complain.
cops in the parking lot looking for drugs and dui's. i wanted to watch the eagles game here, but i don't need cops harrassing me when i leave. avoid this area like the plague.
Great haircut, great service:\n\n-Text reminders for appointment\n-Water, coffee, soda's brought to you by staff\n-Friendly greeting from staff
My partner took me shopping for my birthday at the new Macy's Men store at the fashion show mall.  I love visiting new department stores because everything is so new and clean.  The cashier gave us a 15% discount for being locals.  That was very nice.
Pretty much a no frills bar. Very comfortable  though & the staff was great! \nWe had the French dip with onion rings & sweet potatoes fries. Very good!
Tried this place today and it was BOMB the gyro bowl was amazing. The staff was friendly and funny. Def will be back
Place looks great but is just more of the same in Town Square. Food and service wasn't better than just ok. I thought prices were high for lunch
Must try the sea bass. This place is on the pricey side, but you will get a great meal. It is incredible.
I got a groupon for a state inspection here. I made an appointment and was in and out in less than thirty minutes. They were very friendly!
Had the Maui Burger and fries. Meal was sub par. Burgers are low quality, low taste, very thin. Fries are hard, stale, nothing to them. Over priced and no quality.
This place is so bad they were rude messed up my order didn't give the coffee that goes with the combos I will NEVER go there again. They should put a Starbucks there instead just saying
food is ok.  standard fair.  good selection overall, and friendly staff.  seems always busy and for me it was the only option open on new years day before we ran out of patience and just wanted breakfast.  not bad.... just never been blown away by us egg.
Very cool Armored Car sitting out front. Kinda grimy looking on the inside, but because of the huge selection and cool staff (especially Cody) I'd come back here in a heartbeat. He helped us track down a hard-to-find piece of equipment.
This is a decent bar that offers huge 22oz (if I had to guess) glasses of beer for $3.  We stopped here quickly on the bar crawl.  You really get a home town, family atmosphere in this place.  The service was great, even when it got pretty busy.
Great food and fabulous service. Sad to leave food on the plate, bit the portions are huge.
I have been there one time, And I will never repeat it. The food was not hot at all, and not good.
Horrible horrible trade in prices. So sad to know people sell all the games they pay hundreds or even thousands of dollars for not even $100 here. But life is life and a sruggle is a struggle. Over all either way we can't stop coming here there are no other game stores.
do not rent here. i repeat do not rent here. if you are dealing with brittany morse she is unethical just like her clients (the owners) they will steal your security deposit!!!! you have been warned she will screw you over!
I love this place just as much as Husnus and agree that they are very similar.  I have only good things to say however, and my review for Husnus could basically serve for this place as well.  Especially good for a nice lunch! 5 stars.
OMG!!!  Best sticky buns ever.  Everything we ate there was delicious.  I cant wait to come back.  The oatmeal cookie was really yummy too.  Next time I want to get some chocolate.  King Sugar Showcase Supreme!!!
Great food, but the service was terrible. Table was ready 30 minutes late... Our waitress (Maude) didn't seem to care at all. She ignored us most of the night. Took almost an hour just to get the bills.
I'm a big fan of this place.  I like stopping in every week or so to see what selection they have.  There are so many varieties of beer from all over the place.  The prices aren't bad compared to several other places I have been too.
Came here before a Coyotes game. Friendly staff and quick seating. Portions are good but over priced $$$... somewhat expected that being so close to the arena.
Is this business closed? \n\nCalled good electric based on reviews here, NO response, called them 4 different times over the first week of June.
I got the Bloody Bay (Jerk Chicken with Pepper Jack and Mango Bean Salsa) with Lavender and Sea Salt waffle fries and a can of soda for $10.  \n\nI am a fan!
Pizza was amazing. The staff was not the best but wasn't horrible either. The only thing I would change is their seating. The chairs are very hard and little. My booty kept going numb throughout dinner lol :)
Dropped to a one star review for shitty business practices and hiring shady bastards at the register.
Yum! Really great food. Happy to see a location in green valley! Busy but no wait for a table. Food service a little slow but worth the wait! Great brunch for $35 for 2 ppl.
Really poor service in the deli. They make you wait as long as they please, no manners while serving you, and claim different rules and conditions EVERY TIME you order a meal deal. I avoid this store at ALL COSTS.
It's a little small but foods always good here
Why would I pay for wheels to get cleaned and they're not ?  And - they can't get the bugs off the front ?  Geeze. I want a car wash that cleans everything the first time!    Well done Brandon - you made it right & cleaned it right!  Thanks for doing so
Bad service and our burgers tasted like the gas  that was used for the stove. VERY disappointed. Won't be coming back again.
We got right in when we arrived at a little past 10a.m. on a Saturday morning.
Loved the exhibits and the tour. The Katsina exhibits were awesome. But, the museum shop is just not affordable - was disappointed to see I couldn't get any souvenir.
I order the orange chicken and it was very nasty I never going back to little dumpling. I called to tell them and she said \"i'm not dealing with this\" and hung up!!!! What terrible customer service.
They have free bananas for car wash customers that get both exterior/interiors cleaned.   Not a regular deal but a one off special from a vendor.   My lucky yellow banana day!
A great local breakfast joint.  Get there early on Sundays!  The usually breakfast food, but homemade and another great local business to patronize!
Very clean.  I found everything I was looking for and more.  The cashiers were actually friendly.  No wait and fast checkout.\nI am not a fan of the layout but once you go a few times you are able to find your needs.
Disgusting!  For all of you that gave this place rave reviews,  you obviously have no idea this place doesn't clean their cooking area. The waffle maker and pans are not cleaned daily.  This place needs a visit from the health department.  Gross!
We came in with a business group of 10 people and the service was great and attentive to our needs. The sushi apps were tasty and the main dished were cooked to perfection. I have tasted better but it is a nice place to go to impress.
Eaten here twice now. Every bit as good as the original locations. Yes, it's busy people. There are like 3 restaurants in a new complex that the entire LV area is scoping out. Settle... Food is fresh and the service has been friendly despite the busy environment.
Best pie I've had so far in Charlotte.  Love the lasagna pie and the buffalo chicken pie.  Decent late night hang out too.  Not as hip or crowded as the other spots... in fact it's Friday night and I'm writing the review here RIGHT NOW... WEIRD!
What happened to Native?  I have been going here since 1990.  The wings are so small and lack meat.  The price is ridiculous $.85/wing.  I went the other day with the family.  I will not be going back.
Very authentic mexican food! Great smothered buritto and friendly staff. We always take it home to eat because the outside seating is not that nice.
The club was alright, but I have a serious problem with the servers helping themselves to a 40 percent tip on the bottle service.  Use CAUTION when signing for anything as the servers cannot be trusted.
The worst imaginable food.  Disgusting.  A joke.
One of the best places in Charlotte! The chicken and broccoli was very good! The chicken and shrimp fried rice was good as well. It says 2 people could share one item.....not so sure about that.
Foods good but the employees aren't friendly and 3 out of the 5 working were rude when I was there.
Its where all the action is!!! The best!!!
I have never been so impressed Lindsey was amazing, it had been my first time and I am now a member because of her! BEST MASSAGE EVER! Highly recommend this place and Lindsey to be your first choice! Great atmosphere and front desk team!!
Great food, amazing pancakes. Would get 5 stars, but knocked down for slow service. But, food is worth the wait.
Very disappointing.  Love the original location but service and qaulity of food were below par at this location.  Not onlt did they not put in my husnabds order, but the food that did come out was luke warm in some places and HOT in others.  Overall not impressed.
Everything here is great, enough said.
I like this place! It's simple and it delivers what you expect. The burger's are decent and their milkshakes are great! If you enjoy the simple pleasures of a nice burger and milkshake you'll love The Grill!
Make sure you leave enough time to deal with parking
Not magical.
Another example of a restaurant that thinks too much of itself - high prices, low service and marginal food. What more can be said.
We shared a sandwich and a huge piece of cake. Really good pastrami and chocolate fudge cake. Not NY, but very close! I'm happy! This is a great place to go for pastrami!
We had the Asian bento, a sampling of Thai, Indian, Korean and Japanese dishes.  Each dish was great on its own but the combination didn't quite work for me.  The service was excellent and the prices very reasonable ($50 pp) considering it was the Mandarin Oriental hotel
Good for brunch!
Won't be going to Brewske's any more - apparently we Charger fans weren't spending enough.  Adios!  Good luck with your Sundays now.  GO BOLTS!
Best Pizza Pie in the Valley!\n\nMy new fav is the thin crust with pepperoni...Canadian Bacon....sausage!!  Try it you will become a fan also......that is unless your dating a Vegen!!!!!
I just wish it was not so expensive\nthen I would go more often
The best New York Style Pizza in Vegas! Hard to stay away from this place since it's so close to home. Been there about 6 times already and I think it's only been open for a month or so. Ok, I guess I have to go back tonight! Oh and the vodka sauce is good too.
Not really sure what I expected this to be, but it's just a huge M&M store.  If you want anything......and I mean anything with an M&M logo or looking like an M&M or literally anything this is the place go.
The staff was very friendly. The price was reasonable and the final product was finished in a very timely manner. I will definitely be back next time I am in need of engraving! :)
Love the great Rustica pizza and they also have a Gluten Free crust available that is also delicious! Great ambiance and excellent customer service top off a great dining experience!
I think I contracted a disease by simply walking in here; no amount of alcohol could cover how dirty this place is or make me want to try the food.
I had a great burger here. I met up with some friends and their family and had a nice dinner. Sadly I didn't get a beer.
This store is just all right. I have seen these places popping up around town and was curious to check it out. It's basically a CVS or Walgreens, minus the pharmacy. Nothing spectacular and prices are just ok.
Chicken apple walnut sandwich is pretty tasty. Butterfinger wontons are my favorite dessert.
Cheap lunch specials... They give alot for just $5.95 includes corn egg drop soup with your meal!\nI had the mangolian beef w/ white rice... beef was tender and tasty...  Definitely can be shared with 2 people.
Great live reggae live bands and music! I arrived here after midnight and food is always finished.
Only airport I know that has slot machines EVERYWHERE!  Luckily I didn't get sucked in...
Not a bad place, but can get very crowded. I've had better ice cram, but it will satisfy your fix for something other than the norm.
Angel Dentistry is awesome!  Nobody likes going to the dentist but Dr. Angel's staff and her expertise make it the most enjoyable dental visit you will have.  I have never walked away from her office unhappy with the outcome of my dental work.  I recommend her to all of my friends.
Wonderful food, excellent wait staff and a really great location!
I think this location is closed. The website doesn't work and when I called and left a message, no one returned my call.
Mike was an amazing bartender and has an uncanny ability for figuring out what you like to drink.
WORST SERVICE EVER.  Slow would be a compliment!!!  And the managment doesn't care.  \n\nOh, and the food sucks and the coffee tastes like water. Avoid...
Came by for dinner today and noticed that it's closed. Unclear if it is permanent or not.
Wow.  I can get fresh produce and everything I need to make awesome Asian noshables--AND fill up my tank at the same time.  I think I'm in love.
It was a done deal after we saw Snow Flake shaved ice right next to where we were having lunch!  The whole family shared a large ice with black sesame and strawberry ice, red bean, Oreo, and sweetened condensed milk for toppings!! (As big as my son's head) Completely awesome dessert!
Sad sorry service. If you want to drop a few pounds this is the place to eat lunch as the soup and salad lunch deal is one time only and that is so small that my girlfriend and I laughed out loud. Never even offered a tea refill after waiting 30 min for our tiny lunch. No wonder I dislike this joint.
Disappointed. The dip is cheese whiz?! Really? Only regular salted pretzels that were cold and hard. Not what we were really hopping for. I had hopped for specialty, maybe a pizza pretzel! The filled kind. Wont be returning
Straight ballin.\n\n& the 20-dollar trick works!
It's rare that I give a place 5 stars but if you're looking for quick healthy food this is the place for you. Lots of flavor and good customer service.
Went at 3am on a weeknight.  Clean, quick, friendly and good food.  I'll go back.
Collum Roofing installed a roof at a commercial project in Chandler AZ- we have now been trying to schedule a warranty repair for over a month without any response.  The promised return phone calls never come ...don't hold your breathe...go else where!
Presentation was nice but the chocolate cake was extremely dry, on the other hand the strawberry cake was not to bad. The one thing that should be changed is the frosting...I would recommend using less.  I've had some good cupcakes in my travels and so far nothing compares to Georgetown Cupcakes.
Mahi mahi tacos were good. Ordered a martini and was told that they were pretty small,so I ordered a double. Almost passed out when I got the tab though- $27 for the drink!
Mediocre meal at best.  Very poor service.  Decor and feeling is nothing special.  Would they benefit from some gender diversity in their staff?
Great brews, pretty good food but food is way overpriced.  Served in portions of tapas with a range of  $8-16, which is the price of a full meal.
It's closed CLOSED CLOSED CLOSED.  GET IT OUT OF HERE
Local bar, great location and awesome service. Get to know the bartenders, they'll treat ya right.
It is a far cry from the original mattas.  I think the food is mostly average.  Loaded with salt. Very overpriced for a non sit down restaurant. But still okay if you just have to have something local.
Service was amazing and the sushi was fantastic! The tuna was to die for..\nThe place was a little small but had a great feel to it. waitress was promt on the service and refilled our drinks whenever they came near the bottom of the glass.. great place...
This is another of my favorite Walmart locations.  I frequent this one when shopping at Concord Mills for the convenience.  In addition, they have an eye care center which is a must in my world.  Getting in and out is fairly easy for an enjoyable shopping experience.
Great bagels and good food! The bagels are a little small compared to true New York bagels (only reason for not getting 5 stars ) but are tasty and really good! Friendly staff and the restaurant area feels like a New York deli. I'll definitely be back for sure.
Pretty good comedy show. Worth checking out if you are just hanging out and looking for something to do. Def made me laugh.
A wise man once told me, \"Don't teach the 'gwei lo' new tricks.\"  I never understood what that meant until I ate here.
Looking for a place to have lunch and enjoy the downtown corporate environment? This is the place! I had the pleasure of enjoying the eggs and grits cooked in truffle oil with bacon and was very satisfied! Would recommend 10/10
I have stayed here twice and each time was delightful.  Great staff, clean rooms, hot water, good wireless interwebs, and a solid location!  I will stay here agai
Has the crepes upstairs. They were awesome. Ingredients so fresh and tasty. Service was very helpful and spoke very good English. Also a beautiful old building with lots of character. Worth a stop in!
The ice cream cupcakes are evil good, worth checking out.
Food items forgotten in drive through
It smelled amazing when we walked in, but we sat at our table for almost 25 minutes and NO one even stopped to ask us for our drink order. The menu looked amazing I would have liked to try it but we ended up leaving when 30 minutes passed and no service in sight.
Um, $5 a person for a one way ride? That's two hands of black jack I could've made money on!
Not a fan of their burgers. Looks good but too dry! Tried their famous frozen hot chocolate. Taste was okay. Thought I can make the same kind of drink on my own.
We came here on a regular basis until they started wrapping our three rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole in paper rather than the little black boxes that always came in. Now the guac I get charged extra for, is all over the paper and not on my tacos. I'll go elsewhere moving forward.
Excellent ribs. Had 1/2 rack with 2 sides for $12.50. Choose the Great Garlic sauce.
Pizza nothing like the brochure, non descript overrated, would not order from here, plust it took an hour and 37 mins, bleech!
Who knew that authentic Vietnamese food from North Carolina would be this amazing.
Overpriced!! Decided to get gel nails since I was there for the weekend and I needed to get them done. Bad mistake, they charge 50% more than most places in LA, and the quality is not up to par. By the third day, my nails were chipping. I don't recommend this place.
As a Mexican I would not recommend this shit hole. You must be white to like Chipotle. Disgusting. Rice undercooked. Take \"Mexican grill\" off of your name. I want my money back.
Great hotel.   It has a delicious buffet and the hotel is conveniently located across from Bally's and Bellagio.  It has great shops as well to escape the heat during the day.
This place blows. I stopped taking my cars here. After every wash I either had to take my cars over to the free vacuums and finish doing it myself. The one time I complained they looked at me like I was asking for to much. Most of they workers look like they just got released from jail.
Just migrated over from Lifetime Athletic in Summerlin.   Couldn't be happier at LVAC and don't miss the overrated Lifetime and their $150 a month fee.
Don't order the walleye!  Bones, badly dethawed, need I say more.
This pub is in a great location but the food is average although to be fair it charges average prices.\n\nNice beer garden for a sunny day
Worst service ever!  11 minutes to get my order inside with only 2 people in  front of me.  They pay attention to the drive through only, and that too looks slow. Dont go here!  They are rude too!
We had our car windows tinted there this morning.  LOVE IT!  They were done ahead of schedule and did a great job.
mad this place closed. loved it, the food...service...everything. sad. I would REALLY have thought the military crowd would have kept this place going...looks like ill have to drive to their other location. Sadly, wont be as often due to its location.
Worst ever services! Food is ok. You are basically forgotten when sitting in. Avoid if you can!  Bad experience and angry feeling.
Grimy to say the least. I like the concept of having drinks on one side and complete dis-robe-ment on the other, but the execution here is to be desired. The girls are meh, and very aggressive. The drinks were fairly solid though.
Brunch at Graze did not disappoint!  The Nutella French toast with apples was superb as was the cheese curds and the open, clean atmosphere.
Super intimate.  Quirky board games.  And wine and beer! My kind of place.  If you don't really enjoy the person you're with--don't bring them here.  Also the free brownie they offered for a Yelp check-in was delicious, although it might have been the wine..
I love Qdoba's but this location is always skimpy on the food and they are not friendly. Such a bad representation of the good restaurant!!
Came here the day after thanksgiving. The place was dead, maybe 10 tables full total. Only one staff member in the entire restaurant. Our wings took over 45 minutes. Drinks weren't refilled ever, and our party's burger was served with no condiments, even after we asked for them.
Friendly staff. A glass of wine. Great job. Nice decor. Who could really ask for more.   However, the nail polish did not last as long as it should.
Pretty delish burgers, prepared so many different ways and with so many different toppings... Great fries as well.\n\nEven bigger bonus is gluten free buns are available! Will be back when I'm craving a burger
Persuasion is a hidden gem.  Chi has great food suggestions and his dad can whip up some amazing authentic pho.  I've suggested Persuasion to many friends and all have had wonderful experiences.  The food itself is delicious but, the people make it great.  Stop in for a bite, you will not be disappointed.
Checked in 2 hours prior to departure time and still received last boarding position.
This review is long overdue. I've been going to Arts for atleast 8 years and have had nothing but top notch, honest service! I'd recommend to anyone!
This museum is larger than I could have ever fathomed. Tons of instruments from all over the world and various time periods. Fascinating facts and stories, interactive displays, and helpful staff who are obviously passionate about the place. This is a must see for anyone visiting the Phoenix area.
I bought a groupon and spent 3 weeks trying to get them to schedule with no response. I called and they said groupons were only allowed to schedule via email. They would not answer my emails and each time I emailed them I had to fill out the same extensive form. Forget it, it is not worth the time and frustration
I was like a kid in a candy store!  All the ingredients you ever wanted in one place!!! I didn't have enough time to see it all I can't wait to come back!  Especially that I'm a member now, it seems worth the $10 investment.
You always get exactly the seat that you want because nobody goes here.
Great work as always and the prices too. Dave is always top knotch in getting things done for you in the time frame promised.
Great atmosphere and outdoor seating. Great selection of beers but be prepared for no service. We waited with no one offering is menus. People around is were waiting to pay but no service still. Trust me were not impatient but this was bad.
We always get free buffet coupons here. The salad bar is great. The entrees are ok. You get lucky sometimes when they have good seafood dishes. Good selection of desserts. It's an ok place and if you eat for free its even better.
I went in for a mani-pedi on my lunch hour and got just that. In and out in under an hour, which is just what I wanted. It wasn't the most luxurious experience, but for quick and cheap ($38 total), this place is a good find.
I really like this place.  Al was really helpful in helping me pick out a guitar. I got  a unique guitar that I am excited to learn on.  Can't wait for my first lesson.
Love all their food and I feel healthy eating there.
We eat here every time we stay at Cosmo. Unfortunately the Cosmo doesn't have a lot of dining choices so we frequently grab a sandwich and salad from Va Bene and its always great!
Located in the Target/Kohl's shopping center located off of Blue Diamond Rd.
Employees less than friendly, theater reeked of burnt popcorn--my husband was nauseated throughout the movie from the smell.  On the plus side, the seats were very comfortable.
Enchiladas just the way you want them. Line was a bit slow (lunch rush) but the food was great!
This particular location was terrible. Half of the menu did not exist and they stopped serving sushi. We walked out. The other location is awesome.
I came to India Oven the day before July 4th.  My intention was to see the quality and variety of food as a potential option to cater for my wedding in the near future.  Usually most buffets have 3-4 main dishes, but there were like almost 10 different dishes.  I wish I had a bigger plate or 2 stomaches!
Stopped in on the way back from Pawnstars. Doesn't look like much, but great food. And a heck of a lot cheaper than anything you're going to find further down on the strip.
A kewl bar inside container park. I had a peach moscato that was good. I will definitly be back here and its a nice realsing area to have a drink with friends or a loved one ...
Delicious! Favorite food in Charlotte. I normally get the white meat quarter chicken, salad, beans and rice meal. Everything I've tried is great. We eat in and order take out all the time. It's kinda pricey but worth it.
I think this place is CLOSED. Their # is out of service.
ten star all the way....\nmy friend and i come here regularly..\nthe infra red clay balls just are heavenly\nthe clay huts are so soothing..\nclean, relaxing and pure bliss....\nthank you for having the best spa ever
Great food, short waiting time, and great ambiance.!
When I want to gorge myself on salad, breads, and pizza, this is where I go. Delicious.
The only place you can drink beer is inside this little pen, like I'm a damn bull. The beer choices they have are terrible, only two. The beer they do have tastes terrible. Cash only for the beer. Cash only for the parking. Terrible cellular signal. What a dump.
Still as good as I remembered, esp. the zucchini fries.  Took a newbie and she loved her Angus burger with cheddar.  As much as it hasn't changed, I'm afraid a lot of other burger places have caught up in taste and quality.   But it's still worthy of a visit.
Great food, horrible service! Woman was rude to me and my family and when we asked about military discount she looked at us and said no we don't do that. Only their \"total rewards\" customers!
Wanted to like this. Service was great but like some of the other reviews. Overcooked meat is overcooked meat.
This place was ok , I'm not a BBQ fan but I've had better. I'd go here again if the bf wants to go but otherwise I'll pass. 3 stars cause they have Big Red and Rc soda fountain drinks !! Can't find that anywhere! And friendly employes :)
The pho and bun here is ok. Nothing special but the vietnamese sandwiches is pretty good.
The international terminal didn't open its baggage or customs or security until 6 AM so there was a lot of people rushing to make a 710 or 715 flight; I was in disbelief.\n\nWith that said, once open, the lines for all three went quite fast. The building itself was clean and fairly modern looking.
Simply the WORST Customer Service in billing and new accounts EVER!\nAfter 7 documented communications with ADT Support Team and my sales rep my billing issues continue to be as screwed up as possible. \nBig mistake signing on with ADT, never again!
Fresh shrimp, crab legs to enjoy. Prime Ribs & Leg of lamb on carving table. Many different other dishes. A lot of desserts, including crepes made to order. Weekday price is more worth it.
Close this store because they never have chicken! You order three wings they have 2 ready, you order beast dinner they have nothing but thighs. I guess they do have chicken but never what I order.
I am visiting Phoenix/Tempe for a couple of days and found this place via Yelp. I got their shrimp appetizer, thai iced tea, and their Madness Duck. The food was great!!! They have a great menu and I will definitely be going back before I leave.
Great food, amazing concept, but poor wait staff. Expensive as heck for very very small portions. Like I said it's an amazing concept, concept meaning idea. The idea wasn't carried out to well though.
These guys were amazing!  My fiance and I were moving to a new house and just needed help with the heavy lifting.  They did a remarkable job, were very personable and were prompt and efficient.  If we need movers again, we will most definitely use them.
Service was lacking!! Took forever for her to take our order. \nBut the worst part was seeing the waitress behind the counter and lift her dress and pull her shorts down. There is a bathroom for this!! Then to not go and wash her hands GROSS
This place sucks.. Especially if you partied all nite and are hungover and have to wait for 45 minutes for a car..
Audio assault in the form of Bulgarian post modern industrial techno (merely a guess). It was like a jackhammer to my brain, very small space for such crazy loud music. I saw some glow sticks come out, scanned for pacifiers and we bailed. From the choice words I could make out, our bartender was friendly.
No reason to write very much here. It's frozen yogurt, nothing special. It's tasty but since it's on the strip it's overpriced, more than usual, which knocks a star off.
I tired the Plain Jane and the Porky. The Porky was by far better. The Plain Jane is a normal slider but the Porky was a luscious slow roasted pork coated with BBQ sauce. The fries also were very warm and tasted like freshly cut potatoes.
Lives up to the local fuss. Quick, cheap, tasty and one of the few fast Mexican food restaurants that utilize yellow cheese, which is my cardinal rule of good Mexican food.
I'm no Shakespeare so I'll keep it short.\nGreat food and beautiful patrons. It's obvious why this place is so popular.
This club is a has been... That is All!
The Boston  clam chowder was good. The combination pan roast is one I will never order again. It did not taste fresh, it was not flavorful at all . I rather go back to the oyster bar at Palace Station. Service though was good.
Terrible pizza, terrible service. This place will not be open long!
Pricey fast-crap served by rude people. The food was sub-par (even for Burger King) and cold when I received it. If it wasn't for the pure convenience, it would get a 1 star.
Always fast thorough and on time.  They protect the bannisters and woodwork with plastic pieces so they don't scratch.  I've been using them for about 10 years and am under their three cleanings per year contract.
Our second visit and everything was wonderful - great beer, food and friendly, attentive service.   Plan on many more visits and will highly recommend this establishment to our friends.
If you're already a regular here, congratulations you're getting great service. If they don't recognize you, good luck. It's not just my party, it's throughout the bar. A pedestrian beer selection and an unimpressive menu with horrible service. You've been warned.
Good food decent prices. My boyfriend had the NY Steak Sandwich with no complaints. I had the Tuscan Chicken Breast. Very juicy and seasoned. The seasoned veggies served with it are good as well. Good service. We went on a Groupon but will definitely be back.
Friendly staff and good prices. Love the sushi! Have been looking for a good place since moving from CA.
A ring for each finger and a sixth for my... \n\nother hand!  \n\nYou're dirty!\n\nGo Steelers!!!
Fantastic service. Okay portion vs cost. Recommend sitting outside next to Las Vegas blvd. the croissant sandwich was delicious.
Sushi is ok, not the best, but decent given the prices. We came in on a Saturday during lunch and it was not crowded at all. Great place if you want to satisfy your sushi craving fast. The nigiri was pretty good and overall the sushi was very fresh. Lots of selection too.
we went hear several months ago and had a great experience.  the food was extremely fresh and extremely unique and flavorful.  it was great spending time in the historical area and enjoying the local atmosphere.
I'm so glad I found this business to service my BMW. I needed a wheel alignment bad. They serviced my precious Pearl in 30 mins and now she drives perfect. Thank you.
Nothing exceptional, yet no terrible disappointments. An Abuelos clone for sure. Don't go outta your way.
Love this place...very intimate atmosphere.
My food is always hot and ready on time. Never had delivery though. I always find the staff and food excellent.
I have had better. I think the menu is nice, the service was fine, but its pizza and for us to have a $100+ bill for five and two kids seems $$$ overpriced for pizza!
The service was great, I didn't like the five dollar coronas. But the food was awesome as well!
Best Indian food ever. We tired almost all Indian restaurants in and around Vegas and this is the outstanding one. Sumptuous food, warm welcoming, and quick service are their attractions... I recommend everyone to try food here when you visit Vegas
Don't go here So pissed at this Bar! I was charged 15.13 out of nowhere on my card because I didn't tip too much for a basic tequila and Pinapple drink. The drink was only 11.89! Good thing I check my statements consistently. Horrible Its a person right to tip big or not!
Stopped in for dinner. Steak was over cooked, the vegetables were clearly from a frozen bag and over cooked so they were soggy. The side of rice was horrible and tasted like it came out of a box. I would not recommend going here.
My chicken was undercooked and was onion filled in my chicken fajita pita made me not to ever get one again thanks a lot
The broth/stock for our pho was very bland and disappointing, very skimmpy on the meat, which I can understand ALMOST about the muscle meat but they even skimped me on my offal.   I really wasn't surprised this place was practically empty of customers.  The food was very meh.
Is this place still open? Their website has been down all week, and no one is returning my messages. We wanted to sign our child up after hearing such good things.
This Walmart was very sad.  The area isn't that great (not dangerous just not super nice) and although I was able to get everything I need and not have to wait in a long line I probably wouldn't go back.  The store looked very old and definitely needs some sprucing up.
Mozzerella & Basil Panini... thing... amazing. Actually, I've been here on several occasions & everything ordered has been amazing! Very casual, but perfect spot for a quick & delicious sandwich!
Overpriced sushi and extremely small portions. Not worth paying all that money for mediocre sushi you can get at any other sushi place.. The only thing I liked about this place was the waterfall scenery and the decor.
This place is very good for lunch in Charlotte. I have only tried the pastas but the food is made fresh and is well priced. The wait can be long at times but there are a lot of lines. A good fast casual restaurant to try in Charlotte.
We came here back in December and had the tasting. Overall nothing short of awesome. Like other reviewers, the Foie Gras brulee is awesome. Everything else was spectacular as well. Definitely a must try if you're in Vegas.
I would give zero stars if I could. After waiting in the drive-through for half an hour they told us they cannot take credit cards.
The food is average, the service is average, but the super high cost for what you get makes it below average. \n\nI have been there on multiple occasions because I play in the Aria poker room and this is open 24 hours, and every time I leave I say, \"never again.\" Haha
Best dentist office ever. Caring, compassionate, understanding and gentle.  Recommend to anyone who needs a dentist and staff who genuinely cares.
This is a great place to escape to for a good drink and a quiet moment when you are attending a convention at the Venetian.\n\nIt is pretty small and I think they do serve some kind of bar food here.
The pickles are way to salty! Sandwiches are truly mile high! Tempe location is a bit smaller then the North Scottsdale location offering a younger crowd! Amazing desserts and pastries!
Normally I don't like to go to famous restaurant . Coz I have never experience such good service and good food.\nBut this time was different..\n\nTwo thumbs up!\nService was Great and food was excellent for me.
Fresh, innovative... \nGreat service, amazing food...\nWell worth the commute!
Had dinner Sunday night,,,,bad service  hostess had to wait to long to be seated had sliders for dinner ,,,cold,,never will eat here again
The service at this location is hit or miss.  The restaurant is clean,  but sometimes the dishes and silverware are not.  The food is satisfactory for a TGIFridays.
Great bar in Old Town!!!  Always a fun crowd with an ultra lounge feel.  We like hangin' out on the patio.  LOTS of good memories at this place.
Very efficient and friendly service! Nice professionals to work with! Hope you can open another store in north Scottsdale. Thanks!
Great selection of beer. Plenty of it! The food is so-so. Typical bar-food. Very nice wait-staff and bar tenders. Large enough place to accommodate a busy night. Worth the stop.
I have waited months for trufusion to open! Finally its here and its better that i imagined:) They have a  variety of classes to choose from making it convenient to fit your schedule. I look forward to going there every chance i get!
Convenient and fast windshield repair  i had a crack and its dramatically improved! I didnt believe it was no cost with insurance. The blonde guy with the Oakley sunglasses was very friendly and handsome! Why not take advantage of something you pay for in your policy?  Satisfied
Love the wings! Our favs are Asian Garlic and Strawberry Hot. Service has always been great and food comes out quick. \n\nBest day to go is Thursday it Wing Night.
After our terrible experience, management made things right by sending out a gift card and inviting us to come back. We finally went back and used our gift card. The food was mediocre at best and service was still poor. Needless to say I think our dining at the keg has ended.
Very happy with Chandler Dental Health. Dentists are fantastic. Kelly the Hygienist is the best I have ever been to. They are not at all \"pushy\" and do not try to sell you unnecessary treatments. I will not be changing from here!
Very professional. Clean waiting room w/ DirectTV, refreshments, etc. Did a great job with top end materials at a BS-free, fair price. LOVE the \"no-fault\" warranty.
Excellent service...  Food was really tasty and alot for your money.  I always make sure when I am visiting Las Vegas this will be a stop on my trip.
Love this place. Used to be called Casa Bianca (along with 2 other Casa B locations in Madison which are now closed). Pizza hasn't changed since the Casa Bianca days. Big and Floppy slices. So good.
OMG, just had the Al Pastor tacos today.  Amazing.  I cant even begin to describe how good they are.  There is a sauce on the salsa bar that is kind of a salmon color.  I honestly could drink it.  Five stars isnt even enough!
nothing bad can be said
Good buffet at a good price. Best ham I ever had was found here at the carving station.  Brunch was a little light on Latin food, hence the four stars. Good seafood options and love how they make and present salads
False advertising!  \nJohn ISN'T grouchy!
Third time here from NYC and never disappointed!  Tonight I had the bone in pork chop. Made me soooooo happy! You must eat here when in Charlotte.
Server tried hard.  You could save money and get better food at Mikes or one of the other pizza parlours in Montreal. I am not sure what this place is trying to be. A good restaurant it is not
Food is unique and very tasty. Good selection of gluten free options ( if you're into that) . Service is great but  can be rather slow as the place packs rather quick. Expect to take your time eating here but the food is well worth the wait.
Typical Hooters, this one just happens to be inside the Hooters casino. Service was average.
Palm mortuary is peaceful.  The grounds are kept up with trees, shrubs, and green grass (within Vegas standards).  A fine place for your body as a resting place.
I had the WORST Larb salad ever at this restaurant it smelled like cat food and the meat was grey
Pizza was good. Service was great. My five year old had a blast looking at all the vintage stuff.
Its so great to have a Papa Johns in the neighborhood, its been a long time coming! Thanks.
Jimmy Johns is fast,fresh and good. They would be that much better if they sold hot sandwhiches.
We really like it here! Pizza is good & I really like the Medi salad to make me feel better about eating all that bread! Educated Guess helps me wash it down! \n\nyour constant companion,\n\n~deirdra
So happy this place opened up in Quail Corners. Their lettuce wraps are delicious and you chose chicken, shrimp OR tofu. Their sushi is excellent and the rolls are a good size. \nDefinetly give this place a try!
Excellent food. First discovered from delivery pizza but later came to dine in...even better! The house salad and mussels are amazing. Super personable staff too.
made it her to watch the Johnny Cash Machine......lol\n\nhe made the day.
This is only my second time here but I'm very pleased with the staff. Everyone is polite and the optometrist actually takes time to answer questions. The frame selection is very nice but kinda pricey. I would recommend this place to anyone with insurance and at least $200 set aside for what insurance doesn't completely cover.
Great, friendly service.\n\nLoved the potato latkes for breakfast.  And the bagel!  Mmmm... I'm a carb girl.
We came in for restaurant week, and will be back. The menu was excellent and service warm and friendly. Yeah, a bit heavy on the white hair crowd, but that is just fine with me. I am there to enjoy a great meal.
Shitty food, not very good service. Never return. This place is NOT good. Expensive with no Good Seafood at all.
Sugar Bowl is a fun, whimsical ice cream shop in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. It's cheap, yummy and makes you feel like a kid again. I have never had regular food there but if it is a sweet treat you're looking for, this is your place!
Great food and quality service
Love this place. Love the atmosphere the patio outside. Wonderful day to whiddle away the afternoon.
Not sure it would be easy to find someone more UNPROFESSIONAL, RUDE or CONDESCENDING on the phone then the person that answered my call to inquire about a repair for a tenant in one of the properties we manage.  I hung up.
Not impressed.  Service was fine. Food was less than mediocre.  Chef In back did not wear gloves when stuffing peppers a d wiping face then stuffing peppers. Bathroom smelled like sewer. Sewer drain partially open and in hall, water was coming out of wall.
I will try them again eventually and hopefully get better service. The Burrito was good but the chips and salsa was brutal. Service was shit though while I was the only person in the restaurant and the food was sitting finished behind the counter for 5 minutes when the help was too busy watching TV.
gotta say this place ranks pretty good, the food is good especially the veal Marsala! and the pricing on everything is pretty cheap. the wine list has a couple gems hidden in there as well for a very reasonable price point. the only down fall of this place is the service is sometimes questionable.
Buffalo tenders were good.  Bartender was an absolute douche 6/20.  He was too worried about doing shots with his wanker buddies.
Casino review.  Place is run down.  Slow to get drinks.  I like their Lake Tahoe hotel/casino location better.  Luckily place was too expensive to stay.
So, I came in to Beefs for some food and a beer. I got the best service I've had at a restaurant and by far the prettiest snake bite ever created. I would highly recommend this establishment for anyone looking for good service, food, and a beer if your interested!
the atmosphere, homemade vegetables, and drink specials sealed the deal for me.\n\nthe cornbread not so much, could use some more salt and flavor.
Ahhhh... after being good all day and eating light as we were drinking our calories, we split the stroganoff. Excellent choice! \n\nGreat spot!
Mary gives great deep tissue/sports massage in a professional setting.  She has a lot of knowledge about muscles, and often recommends stretches to do to fix muscle pain from repetitive movement.  I have been a customer of hers for many years.  I highly recommend her.
Dillons is Dillons .... the restaurant itself is nothing spectacular (it's not bad ... it's actually pretty good) but the view at Scorpion Bay Marina is absolutely beautiful.  When we went, we ate outside right on the deck on the marina and it has a gorgeous view, literally on the water.
Very nice rooms, never have I been disappointed with a La Quinta. Breakfast bar is an A+, rooms have nice furnishings super clean and they allowed my corgi!  Yes pets are aokay with them. Very close proximity to the strip. The front desk guy Ray was very nice and helpful. Would definitely recommend to my friends!
Very cool and trendy spot. Tons of overpriced vodkas to taste as samplers or cocktails. The lemoncello was fabulous. We passed on the option of donning a parka and fur hat and standing in the ice box to drink. Maybe in the summertime. Bartenders were efficient but aloof.
Currently taking my appraisers class at Key realty.  I'm a real estate agent and have taken many classes at Key.  The classes are always great and the instructors are always extremely knowledgeable.  It's the only place I take my real estate classes in Vegas.
I'll admit the food is passable but that's it, add the lousy service when I went in to pick up the order my wife phoned in and I'm never going back. I'll drive an extra few miles for good service.
Yesterday I made my first visit to the ARTS FACTORY,  while there I discovered   HELL POP COMICS.  I will be back. Nice selection, reasonable prices and the man behind the counter, Shane, very friendly and helpful.
The Hilton Timeshare is the best during a Mayweather fight, I stayed here May 4th for the fight and I plan on staying here again in September for an upcoming fight. Being able to use my timeshare during special events in Las Vegas saves me a lot of $$$$.\nThis place is just great.
Not to bad, They always have lots of people working so the wait isn't usually to long.
Favorite breakfast spot in Gilbert!  Nestled in a cute old home in Gilbert- feels very cozy and a nice option to eat on their patio too.  The apple pancakes are seriously to die for and reason enough to come here.  The wait is not usually too bad for a smaller place on the weekend.
What a beautifully decorated restaurant! This is a great place if you are a vegetarian. There is so many options, what a surprise!! The pad thai, tofu dry pot and dry saut\u00e9ed string bean dish are all incredible. I was also pleased with the wonderful service. I will definitely be back.
Hole in the wall place located on Park Ave that serves the city's best tacos\n\nGreat Pulled pork tacos...very tasty and authentic..the real deal
Makino at Las Vegas Outlet was very good but this one is not like it. small place and pack of people. the table is so near together, you have to watch out people in and out every time.
SLOW...SLOW...SLOW.....the food is terrible....think it is straight from sam's club
It wasn't too bad but didn't blow my socks off.  Better than \"meh\" status but not by much.  Staff is great.  they bump it up from 2 to 3 stars.
Does anyone really review Chipotle? OK, whatever. I'm very happy that this Chipotle is here, just across the North Tryon Death Intersection from my office.  If I forget to pack my lunch I can be assured of a decent takeout lunch with no hidden wheat products, which is very convenient.
I have eaten here several times and this place has never really wowed me. I would have to say that there were some dishes that I liked and for the most part the dishes were just average. Maybe it is because I always stick to my old reliables.
Lobsicle!!! I wasn't really into the tempura part but the tail with butter and lemon is still pretty tasty.
Best Thai Basil Beef Stir-Fry, bar none.
Worst bar in the N. Phoenix! Get rid of your regulars and maybe you will see some real business! You need to clean up too! The place smells like you have bar rot!!
Compassionate about trees.  Knowledgeable and trustworthy.  This is a business I support and recommend highly!  They removed a very old, very large tree from my front yard and had to use a crane....    Hard work, yet they were cheerful and fair :)
I have to say their food is awesome!
Just moved next door into a bigger space.  More parking also.  Clothing, cards, adult section and many gifts for everyone.
Excellent show, worth every penny.
Stopped by on Sunday and was served by a guy who obviously couldn't care less. A stark contrast to my earlier visit. I ordered the same green juice but this one tasted terrible and I threw it out. Not a good sign when service and quality can vary so greatly!
I love that this location has everything I need but the customer service is average.  It's almost awkward to walk through this location because the employees do not greet you.  I will say the cat adoption location is great but do not look to the employees for adoption info, they have no clue.
The worst place to rent a car from !! They have no cars . Must wait almost 2 hours for a car and they don't care ! Stay away
This is the beginning of our Sunday Funday bike rides. Great beer selection, great out door patio. i love the small pitchers of Four Peaks Hop Knot.......nothing like a cool beer buzz to get the Sunday started!!
This place has yet to disappoint. Service is great, food comes out hot and fast. Love love the Red Velvet pancakes!
I would not go back. The meat was either raw on the inside, as I had asked for rare, or it was dry and over cooked. Salad bar was fine, most things tasted and looked fresh. I have been to many churrascarias but this would have to be the worst.
Probably, rated as one of the worst lunches I had.  Food wasn't cooked to order and it was very tough.  Appetizer was nasty and tasted spoiled.  (They did take it off).  Even the dessert wasn't that good.
Great place, not a lot of parking.  We ordered a pizza and chicken parm.  It was really good food and the service was great.  We will be visiting this place again!
The massage therapist, Susan, is one of those rare finds in a chiropractic clinic. She is an experienced and talented massage therapist whom I highly recommend.
My favorite Mexican restaurant in town, try the fajitas or the Mexican Flag enchiladas they're delicious. Also, I just can't get enough of the picante sauce. Yum yum
Lots of variety of things to get. I've only been there the one time, but the people I was there with frequent the place, and say it's hit or miss on service but the food is nearly always delicious.
Yum.  Great place to grab something \"different,\" from your typical farmers market (i.e. gourmet/speciality foods, fruits, meats & cheeses).  No frills dinning indoors or alfresco.  Fast made to order food for takeout or dine-in.
Good service, no upsell, good customer service. Friendly staff. Hooray for it being close to where I live, this is now my go to place for car services.
The restaurant smelled of mould. The temperature was too hot. There were bugs in the toilet. The food was below average or so it seemed in the sweltering heat which took away from our dining experience. We have no desire to return.
Great food great service stayed open later just to let my bf and I eat in! Very clean! Can't wait to go back
$15 for a Maker's? No thanks.
Decent ticket prices, good comedians, expensive drinks but that's Vegas for you. I would definitely recommend checking out the Laugh Factory as opposed to spending a couple hundred bucks on a magic show!
Port if Subs is a really good, not great, but really very good. \n\nI've been here several times while shopping at nearby Desert Ridge and found everything very tasty. So far I haven't experienced the slow service the other posts have mentioned, but i don't think that would put me off.
Another DDD try, we had to come here twice. The first time it was just to crowded. Glad we came back. I really enjoyed the daily special, which changes every day. Also enjoyed the waffles. Wife and daughter enjoyed the usual eggs and hashbrowns. Very friendly service would come again!
This is my fave sushi place in town. The atmosphere is nice, service varies but the selection is great. They are the best ones for some healthy options. The Bar roll and the Screaming orgasm both don't have rice and are delicious!
Went for Restaurant Week but honestly the food was kinda boring.
They kick you out for flipping off the dance floor in general and then the security kicks you out for their own impersonal projecting their own inadequices.\n\nDon't go here they will kick you\nOut for dancing with fingers towards nobody
Hands on customer service. Always will return for my engraving needs.
If your at the Rio is probably the best food in there. It's not the best Indian food but is acceptable.
I've been to Charlotte a few times now and have been here each time. Always a great burger whatever you get! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I think the fries are just ok. I end up just eating the whole burger and passing on the side.
Food not that good, fair price though. I ordered a chocolate and is way too sweet! You can't even take 2 or three bites because you will get sugar rush.
Nice atmosphere, low ceiling, Christmas lights, etc.  The calamari was very good but nothing special.  The pizza was OK but not a WOW.  If you have never been here, give it a try.  But it was nothing special as far as I'm concerned.
Large portions, enough food for multiple meals. Ordered the Hawaiian Plate with kalua pork. Yum. Awesome prices! Friendly service. \n\nWould definitely visit again if in town.
Gross just gross go to Mediterranean Grill caffe' for the most delicious gyro! It's on lake mead not far from here.
They got my order wrong and I told them and said I was a liar and refused to help me. It was the worst customer service I have seen in awhile.
Nothin compared to the O on water show I saw a few years ago. If I had known how disgusting and perverted it was  I wouldn't had gone. Orgys, threesomes, not sensual just gross.
Like Salt, which is right next door, this is a very nice bar, in a very good location.  We had very good service all 3 times we've been there.  Haven't eaten there, so can't comment on the food.  Excellent bar/couch setup.
Not for the price-sensitive person. By far, the best gym in Vegas. Friendly staff and great atmosphere.
We recently stayed here with a big group for a wedding that was taking place nearby. The customer service was exceptional! We had to ask for numerous extras and they were more than willing to help us! The hot breakfast was excellent as was the drink and snack hour in the evening. I would highly recommend this hotel!!
I will come here again. Great food, and good prices. Service was great.
This place is great! Good food, amazing service, Brady and Alex are always on top of their game!! Also other bartenders on the same shift are great!! Always a good time!!
There are way better original italian places to go...I promise
If you're looking for basic Thai Food, at a place that isn't fancy this is a great choice.
Pretty awful.  I guess if you need to be gluten free this is your place but it was a bad experience, and on top of that it was expensive.
I have been there several times. It is a real treat. There are only two problems. They don't heat the buns. The burger is nice and perfect and they stick it on a cold bun. Why?? The second problem is the bathroom is a pit.
We always find deals when we come to this outlet center. Stopped at the Dickie store and found great shorts for $9.99 a pair.
I don't know what all the fuss is about, burgers are boring , the fries are basic the smash fries have way too much rosemary . Two burgers and one order of fries almost $17 , no thanks
Restaurant was busy. We felt as though we were actually in another country as the only Caucasians, but the service was great and the food was excellent.
This place is always busy but one can get seated pretty fast. The food is always heat. HOWEVER the service was surprisingly bad. What I order is none of the server's business. If I want to order something big then take most of it home, that is MY business not hers to comment on
Loved this place. They took their time and gave a great massage. Close to my work and no wait when I walked in. This is my new pedicure spot.
Prefer no Attitude with my Ice Cream.   Just went tonight and the same girl waited on my family.  No hello, no smile, no thank you and a lot of attitude in between.   Other cheaper options that are a lot friendlier!
Good food but not what I expect when I search \"breakfast\". Always a little thrown off when I am wanting an American breakfast and walk into a Greek restaurant!   \nNice friendly staff, just no eggs Benedict!
Their cheese quesadilla is to die for! Yumm, can't wait to go back again.\nGreat atmosphere and service
The food isn't bad, but my overall experience was so poor \"0\" would be a more appropriate rating.\n\nThe servers and managers are rude, inept, slow and make what would otherwise be a decent restaurant intolerable.
The quentissential perfect sandwich, mix some old favs (cheesesteak) with a thanksgiving dinner on a roll (the bobby) and you've got great flavors, great service and yum.
I ordered a gyro sandwich. It was good. I'm surprised they don't offer falaffel here though.
Addicted to the extra bucks. They keep getting me to come back and buy more.
Had brunch here today and my breakfast food was as good as ever. Brady was our server and he was great: always checking on us but never bothering our conversation. Good job, Brady!
We each got a drink and each ordered a sandwich. The waitress let us order and then it turns out they didn't even have lettuce. Just wasn't a great experience overall. I won't be going back and was very disappointed!
Wouldn't seat me. Said there was a 45 minute wait. Left the restaurant and they seated a group of people that walked in after me. I've had this happen before at other restaurants. They don't want to lose a table to a party of one. Not a nice way to do business.
Wendy  Nickell, 5 star plus.  Her consultation , customizes your massage, and she then pays attention to details . \nAlso her knowledge of nutrition is great to help support your over all well being .\nYes I will be returning to see Wendy
Least favorite restaurant in Vegas.  If you wanna pay $50 bucks for ramen, feel free to come by my house.
Good service but we had dirty sheets caked on with something gross!! 13$ for rubber chicken fingers and too many crying babies around would not recommend. Security was checking everyone's bags before you go to the pool which was annoying
All of our meals were delicious!  From the appetizers to the desserts, it was all amazing.  This place runs like a well oiled machine...they never missed a beat!
Tacos are overpriced and not that good. The service was horrible. My group was ignored for quite some time. Also the menu is short and there is no simple beef or chicken taco. But the building is pretty cool and very unique, unfortunately It does not make up for the food. I will not be back :(
Our fave restaurant - pasta , scallops and ravioli rock ! Appetizers- have the tuna tartare tacos , or the hummus . Dessert don't miss the bars of sin\nGreat ambience , friendly folks it's a wonderful place
I love the Hawaiian Pizza at Fratelli's!  But the service (eat in and take out) are not so great.   For what you get, the prices are way too high.
I once saw a puppy run from the kitchen into the side area. I asked the waitress about it and she said it was her daughters pet.
Best boba in Pittsburgh!! Love the pork soup dumplings the best, dan dan noodles are delicious and spicy, friends like braised pork noodles (but I'm not a huge fan). Awesome customer service, waiters are all so nice and considerate, owners are really awesome as well.
This place is absolutely terrible, what a disappointing end to an otherwise lovely afternoon up on Mount Washington. Coffee was expensive, tasted awful, and the server seemed a little off - not rude, just off. A 3+ dollar \"homemade\" pastry tasted like a Little Debbie cake. Will never come back here.
This is the best place for a couple of slices in all of AZ (period!)
Coffee was good. The service sucked. Rude and very condescending. Maybe she was having a bad day. But man was she rude.
Honestly, the food was probably 2-star quality, but I'm giving it 3 because it was late, and we were hungry, and it was open. That said, it was very generic quality breakfast/diner food, and while it satisfied my hunger, it didn't quite hit the spot.
Sad excuse for a casino buffet.  \n\nHometown Buffet is better...\n \nEnough said.
I would have liked to review DW Bistro but after a 30 min drive we were disappointed to see it was closed.  The YELP page said it was open, not the case!\n\nUpdate your ecommerce world
This is definitely a 5 star place.  The food is delicious and fresh.  The servers are very helpful and know the different dishes well in order to help you choose according to your likes.  If you like sushi and live or visiting in the area, I highly recommend trying the food here.
This is the best place in Pittsburgh to get your haircut with the best price. Bob is very thorough  and an all around nice guy
Pricey! Sophisticated lounge atmosphere and $12 cocktails. If you go, get the Pear Blossom and/or Apprentice cocktail. Your palete will thank you.
Very cool neighborhood place...good beer selection and the flatbreads were great!  The bartender was very friendly and the place just has a cool vibe!
Great classes, perfect temp in the room (around 90-95), great teachers.  I've been here a few times and have enjoyed it each time.  Will continue to go here.
The food was DELICIOUS!!!!!\nI, too, like a couple of others mentioned, was a tad scared in that area. But, I think the food was worth the risk.
The wait was a bit long there but the prices and things in there are like big lots. Its good to go there if its a last minute place around the area.
What an absolute pleasure. They carry my favorite Pink Spot juice and the \"in house\" juice is VERY good as well. Customer service is top notch. A excellent addition to the vape community
i felt this place was way too over priced. sorry!
I've been going here for the past ten years. The pizza is consistently the best of the franchise stores I've tried.  I rarely, if ever, do delivery so I cannot comment on it. I can always count on Papa Johns for a pizza everyone will enjoy.
This would be your classic college type hang out.  It has a really nice courtyard if you want to take advantage of the night air.  The night I was there it had DJ playing decent music, but they do have live bands sometimes.  I hear they also do parties and events and can accommodate just about any request.
Really bad service...food wasn't that great either. No wonder they are always on Groupon.
Ordered take out twice and dined in twice. Had great experiences twice and not so great the other times (slow service/messed up order). I really want to love this place though since we just bought in the area recently and there are not too many options in Mint Hill.  Will definitely be back and hopefully can update the rating with another star.
This place looks good on the reviews but my experience proved otherwise. I ordered 2 scrambled eggs and a pancake. The Eggs were overlooked and pancake was burnt! \n\nWe also ordered coffee but that was less than mediocre. I'm not sure why this place has 4 stars.
Nice location, nice decor ( very modern and straight) and amazing food ( we had the indian dinner for 2 - which was enough for the three of us). Attentative service, never had to run on empty.
Busy as always! Fast service, great Pastrami sandwich, will be returning SOON!
Worth the five hour drive. I come here every time I am in Montreal. Fantastic classic French cuisine with great service.
Always feeli like a number here and I cannot stand the electronic check in system they have. The PA I see here comes in for about a min then has an assistant to do the work. UGGGGGGGGGG
Meh. The recent change to precooked meats ruined the texture and the fresh concept. I have been to many locations over the years. Not sure I'll be back
This place is fun and hip! The staff is nice and friendly. I got a gel manicure with glitter and it turned out really great and it has lasted for a while. It's a little pricey but I would not mind going again.
You'd think after spending over $24.00 for a \"supreme car-wash\" they'd at least leave spotless windows & door mirrors. NOPE! Not here! And that's just the glass.  I won't be back.
Mediocre Thai food. If you want really good Thai food for the same price, just take McKellips half a mile east and you'll find Thai Patio. I found that it was way better, both for food and for service.
Melissa is an exceptional trainer.  10 pounds down in a little more than 4 weeks and I couldn't be more motivated to keep going.  It's not just about working out but working on nutrition and my overall well-being.  I absolutely love it.
Ate here for lunch one day while trying to eat healthy. Not too bad but it did take a while.
Brunch is da bomb. Dinner is great. Lunch is intriguing. Have been here with at least 4 different groups of friends, and no one was disappointed. None of us could finish the more than ample portions, and the drinks/beer menu were good. This is a perennial favorite for eating anytime.
M'fn delicious !!! Amazing bartenders and servers... Great environment and the food is beyond delicious!!!
The food is usually good, but there are occasional slips.  Service can also be spotty at times.  My last trip had two out of three dishes either mis-ordered or brought out at the wrong time..
cheap beer, cheep pool.\n\nSomeone else on here wrote that he place stinks like urine and it does. The smell was disgusting. Other than its scent - it's a typical small dive bar full of regular patrons who don't mind the smell of urine.
All I can say is that it's the Disneyland of beauty supplies....Or maybe Mall of America....
Excellent pasta & service
We have had pizza delivered a few times, and we've loved everything we have tried. The 18\" pizza is huge and they are always quick on delivery.
Not for the meat connoisseur.  A bit on the greasy side and in my opinion 2nd and 3rd rate cuts.   Fun atmosphere though and the waiters had really cool pantilones.
I ONLY shop at whole foods but this location is the worst of the 4 locations that I've been to in the valley. It might be the oldest so the layout and even selection seems to be outdated. I rather go to the location on mayo or even better go out of my way to the new location in camelback.
Very quick and helpful. The gal who usually makes my smoothies is kind and knows her stuff! They also have almond milk upon request :) Other items (besides smoothies) a little lover priced but I will only come here if I need a great after workout protein shake!!
There is no such place anymore and no one around the Hawaiian Marketplace had heard of it. :(
i had a vodka at the outer bar area , $15 was a little rich $10 drinks would have kept me drinking . It is OK , just a theme bar for the Beatles \"Love\" show . Worthy of a quick photo in the giant letters .
I really want this place to succeed! The menu is small but interesting, the beverages do not disappoint. The staff is absolutely wonderful.
Great waiter, knowledgable and patient. We had drinks and appetizers here and it was one of the most delicious things we have eaten. We had the Chestnut Soup and the Truffle Poached Egg appetizer. Both were out of this world.
Standard sushi for Phoenix.
Very friendly service and food was quite good. Mexican food is, by nature, different at every restaurant. That's what makes trying different ones a lot of fun. I had the three enchiladas with the three different \"smothering\" and it was delicious. Waitress could not have been more pleasant.
Horrible. We used to go here all the time but now there are new owners and this place has gone down hill. The rolls fell apart and the fish was sliced thin. We had ayce and the waitress let the plates keep piling up on the table. Never going back, so many better choices in town
You know, it would be awesome if the food selection was as good as the decor. This place isn't that great. If you have kids, its  worth checking out, but other than that... ehh.. go elsewhere.
I haven't ate dim sum for quite a while and I miss it so much. So when we headed to Vegas, we want to eat that. We found this place in Chinatown plaza. The dim sum wasn't so bad. It's a nice place. At least the service was good.
Another yelp treasure. How else could I have known about this great company? Brent was great, helped schedule a quick appointment. Tile and carpet needed to be cleaned for sale of my home. Great job. They did come back once for a touchup but it was painless and very much appreciated. I would recommend them in a second.
Worst service imaginable. They've really screwed up my mail multiple times. I wish I could change who delivers my mail!
Brenner burger was cooked perfect and was delicious.
I went here for the first time with my colleagues and the food was great. The server was nice and it was a comfy environment. I had the bulgogi nachos and it was mmm, mmm good. Couldn't eat it all though since the portion was pretty big. Will definitely go again soon.
i absolutely love boiling crab.  growing up on the beach eating crabs, this is like my dream come true kind of place.  i love seafood and i don't mind getting my hands dirty tearing apart shrimp and crab legs.   it's also way better than hot and juicy imo
Love this place. 1 minute from my house. Super friendly staff. Great coffee, bagels & cinnamon buns.
Just opposite to Thunderbird business school...Food is OK .. The service is very poor.. Infact one of the person is very rude
This man can cut hair! He can cut Jesus hair.
Staff isn't friendly, place is a maze!
It would have been faster if I would have grown, harvested, and brewed the tea myself. Last time I come to this location ever!\n\nThey are always out of things and there is ALWAYS a huge line.
You're greeted by the hot air and the sound of slot machines as soon as you step out of the airplane. You know that you're in Lost Wages!!! The shuttle system is quite good, and the shops are nice too. Checked baggage also arrives promptly.
Good food, a bit overpriced...\nI walked in for the first time and had no clue where to begin.  It was not even 11am so only three other customers were in the place.  No employee gave me a greeting or directed me where to go. The line is a bit confusing.
We ate there in January, and it was FREEZING inside the restaurant! I got catfish that was greasy and tasteless. (Which is the only reason that I'm glad that the portions are TINY!) My husband got the pulled pork that was served fairly cold. French fries were cold, too.
I actually really like the subs, but the morons working really made this review.\nWith the amount of unemployed people looking for work you decide to hire complete morons with no customer service skills.
Divey.  Nice patio area.  If you're a chick, expect to get hit on my the old fixtures at the bar.  Decent drinks.  Great bands!
Great DJ on Monday's. Make sure you get a table with bottle service, or you'll spend half the night in line waiting to order drinks at the bar. And if you want to dance, pick a booth inside! Starts to pick up after 2 AM.
Its closed down...Looks like its being refitted.....RIP Siglo then?
had a pedi and gel mani done today! absolutely will be coming back :) everyone was so nice and the prices are perfect. \nvery very clean as well!
Just beautiful! Awesome view of the city and river! I highly recommend if you visit Pittsburg!
This place was alright, the food taste very average (comfort food) The staff were friendly and down to earth.  Would recommend to unwind here.
E Motors is my favorite place to get it my car needs TCL. He offers great quality products and services.  You will not leave his shop unsatisfied.  Highly recommended!  He will take care of you.
This is my favorite neighborhood spot for Thai carry out. I believe the owners used to work at Sai Bai Thong so it's similar styled thai at a lower price. The shrimp purse, prad prik and pad thai were tasty, portions and price are great.
Cool location, small place, somewhat pricey, but good food. Would not eat here all the time due to cost but recommended due to the fresh fish.
Ehh way over priced i don't mind paying for food that's worth it but not that place i don't know if Avon T was drunk when she went there but she looks like the type that would eat at Denny's and write a review lol
Woop!  Yay for TF's super chic patio, interesting drinks and AWESOME healthy food options!  I love it!
Great experience! This is a MUST SEE!
Went to see Mose recently for some work on my ankle - very professional!  Highly recommend this place and the artist.  Just go - you won't be disappointed.
This is surprising gem of a restaurant. The food is very tasty, service was great. \n\nI'd go back for a special evening.
Terrible to post hours until only 9:30 to begin with and worse to close early and have door locked at 9:10, I will never return.  Good grief this is Las Vegas!  I ended up going to Firefly and they were packed with people and open past midnight, this place will go bankrupt and Firefly will smile to the bank!
Excellent food and friendly staff.
Amazing food! I frequent this place often. Their dishes are tasty and filling. Everything is fresh and made right when you order it!
Wow. I've never seen reviews like this! And I believe they are deserved. You can eat yourself into yummy obesity for only 10$ a day!
This is decent Thai food... I really went with the intent to get a Thai Tea.  Mission Accomplished on that front.  But the food is good, not the best or the worst.  They do serve large portions for the price.  There were only a few tables occupied when I had lunch there, and they all seemed please.
Great potential, could have been a 4 star, the food was good, the deviled egg appetizer was excellent, the wait for food and drinks was sooooooooooo loooooooooong, oh yeah and they were out of soco
Small spot with good food. I came specifically for the Banana bread pudding French toast with caramel rum sauce, and it was worth the trip if you like sweet for breakfast. But I noticed a lot of savory items being served.
Fanatic funky place. It's dive-ish but great. The food is wonderful, drinks are tasty. Located in a building with a hotel sorta off the track. Highly recommended.
Sweet find, great brew selection, and loved my buffalo burger. Staff was friendly and the bar area comfortable. Couple cuties working their, one with a particular sweet smile, always a plus. This place deserves a place on State St.
No good. At all. Prices are awful. 1 star for the piped wasabi.
This place is so yummy! I love their shrimp dumplings, bbq pork w/ egg noodle soup and the crispy bread sticks. But pretty much everything looks delicious. They're always busy here(that's always a good sign). The service has always been pleasant, and the prices are very reasonable.
Way too much noise!\ncut the massage to 45 minutes when it is supposed to be 1 hour!\n\nNot satisfied
MMM its all mall nothing that really made it very unique. basic 1 story mall with a decent amount of stores... Nothing very high end or unique other than a Chompies being inside which was my only reason to find this place. Probably my least favorite mall in Phoenix.
If you like french circus of the avant garde than this is the show for you. Beautiful music, amazing aerobatics, and some spell binding moments this show will not disappoint! This is not for everyone but the design and caliber of the performers is first rate, so you will be fully entertained!
Positive:  Atmosphere is clean and updated.  Quality restaurants.  Bad:  Terrible service at every turn.  From the Liquid pool to the phone operators...people do not care about the guests.  Definitely wouldn't stay there again with all the other great choices.
Fail.  Would have been better to tear it down.  They put some lipstick on it, but it's still old and tired, and the food is just ok at best.    The most laughable part has to be the \"food court\" which I would describe as more of a \"prison cafeteria.\"
As a first timer, I've had a great experience here. Maren is very good at making it as painless as possible and I highly recommend her to anyone looking for an easy waxing experience/recurring appointment.
Amazing, authentic, aromatic, and appetizing. If you don't mind tearing apart your crawfish to get to the delicious parts, you have to go here.\n\nThey have the right fixin's, and they definitely have the right flavor. A little pricey, but worth every penny.
Chill place, the room and pool were smaller than expected, but we enjoyed our stay. Front desk was friendly enough, gave us advice on place to go.
Really good chinese food...best place in the area for chinese delivery. The delivery times could be faster though.
The first time I came to Islands, I wondered why you ordered your burger and fries separately.  Huge portions!  Maybe order 1 basket of fries per 2 people.\n\nGreat Burgers, cooked how you like.  Not to pricey either.
My husband and I tried this place a few weeks ago and absolutely loved it! The warm goat cheese appetizer is to DIE for! My husband ordered the pizza with in house made chicken sausage and was in love! I had the cheese ravioli and it was delicious. We will definitely be going back. Great service and atmosphere.
:(
We went with a group of 5 of us and we really wanted to love it but it was just alright. My pulled pork was really dry. We had recently been to Midwood Smokehouse and definitely had a better meal there. Everything just seemed to be OK nothing outstanding. I know this is a super popular place so we might give it another try.
Edinburgh's most accomplished restaurant.  Food and wine pairings are excellent and the service sublime.  The dining room is beautifully appointed and extremely intimate.  For the most special of occasions in Edinburgh, this is definitely the place.
This is a good place for gel manicures and basic pedicures. Avoid acrylic work. They are students, so it might take slightly longer than another nail salon. Overall, it's a nice place and the people are friendly.
This place was so tiny therefore way too crowded. We had a table and bottle service and the people serving us kept staring at me and my group like we were an inconvenience. \n\nI looked at my group of friends and said I was bored and we left. Much better clubs out there.
Just wanted to let everyone know if u get the turkey and brie sandwich. lately they have been going really light o. the red peppers.  they'll put on extra if u ask when ordering though.
Tastiest burgers in town. Nothing like the burgers here to feed an appetite. Very high quality meet, drinks, hamburger bar for toppings, TVs. Awesome deal.
I had the general tsos chicken and it was sour and disgusting. I also had the refried pork rice very bland. I will not go back.
This place never disappoints. Ive had just about everything on the menu. But my favorite. Are the carne asada fries. Awesomeness in a box lol. The line is always a little long but hey when the food is that good. Thats expected. Order kick back and enjoy :)
I came into Discount Tire to have them fix a leak in one of my tires.  I was having a license plate issue and they fixed that too! The staff was friendly and the work was done in a timely matter, they have definitely earned my return business!
As everyone before has stated the red velvet pancakes were soooo great! The breakfast itself was just average. Sooo if you come, I would definitely have a speciality pancake. Great service! Jacob was awesome! FYI the place is called babycakes...
Another disappointing experience.  Why can they make good al pastor tacos. Don't even use real corn tortillas. The only good thing was the horchata.
I like going to WOB for drinks.  Their cucumber martini is really good and worth a try!  They have lots of beer options like you would expect.   The service tends to be less than average especially for a place that doesn't serve food.
The good was delish. The staff friendly. The host was crazy hot I mean damn. Anyway I regress. Had brunch there didn't even know it existed until a friend mentioned it. Outdoor seating. Great people watching. And an interesting menu.
For charged $47 just to have my vehicle inspected, only to be told that to replace the water pump in my car would cost $1200 and require 8 hours of labor.  I decided to get a second opinion from a local mechanic who was able to make all the repairs for $604. Never going back to Firestone again.
Expensive, but not for vegas.\n\nI had the chicken pesto mozzarella panini and it was really good.. The portions are REALLY big and worth the 14 bucks.
Crazy lines, but good thing we have VIP passes to skip the madness.\n\nEvery floor was crowded to dance and there were absolutely no seats to sit! How can a girl in heels survive?\n\nGreat music though.
Great food, nothing that my family and I have tried had tasted bad or even mediocre and they offer a huge organic menu with additional gluten free option for those who have Celiac Disease. \nThe staff is always friendly and the place looks clean so i highly recommended this place to anyone ...honestly there is something for everyone!
we used to be regulars there for 4 years. but the last three times there were bad.\nall the food taste the same, happy hour prices are a joke.the bar area is always dirty!\nnever back again.....sorry(
Ibiza sounds great in concept but something just falls short here.  The wine selection is nice and some of the small dishes are solid but the service is lacking and the vibe is a bit average for what it is going for.
Was expecting so much more. Met a client for lunch service was good but my Talapia was drowning in butter and so were my vegetables. \n..ick.  The rice was bland. However my company seemed to enjoy her fish tacos a lot. I won't be returning. Baxter is adorable.
Large clean room.  Booked through hotels.com about an hour before we arrived and got the best price.  Breakfast had a good variety.  Staff was friendly.
Chose BLT because the line at Carnegie Deli was so long. I'm Glad I did! I had the burger with smoked Gouda cheese sauce was wonderful. The fat fries are seasoned wedges. Very good. Good service as well.
Wasn't a big fan. Service was not up to par and took an unusually long time.
Nothing too special, but the staff was kind and helpful.  Found some fun knickknacks for the kids.   A little expensive for what you get. Their logo is fun.
Love coming here! It's quite a ways from home but worth the drive, the food is excellent and the service is better! Ask for Michael!
I went in to buy a center cut filet wrapped with bacon. They sold me what I thought was that, but turned out to be end cuts pressed together. When I called in, the guy I talked to was unapologetic, acting like it wasn't his problem. F you guys, you just lost a customer.
\"Fantastic German food\" is what I have heard from EVERY person I know who's ever been here. I agree. Every plate I tried was impressive. They also have some great rare German beers.
This is only my second Cirque show (I saw Iris twice tho). Like many others, I felt the clowns were too much filler, and I found them to be extremely annoying. Not as many acrobatics, no contortionists, etc. Iris was better.
I loved this place .. It's very clean and they were very professional !! Raquel was my stylist and she did a great job!! \nI would definitely recommend them!!! (Especially my stylist ) $ price are reasonable $
We were very impressed with a smoke shop that actually smelled good...and they gave a generous donation to our worthy cause. What a great place and owners are awesome!
I thought it was great, but paled compared to Mystere, which we saw the day or so before.  The acrobatics (perhaps because of the medium) didn't give you that open-mouthed age six feeling that you get with Mystere.  More expensive, and not as good.
This place is simply amazing. From the decoration to the food. Food is excellent and very reasonably priced.  I thought going into old town it was just going to be a generic place but it really had a lot.of character.
Crescent moon is far, far below the usual standards of a Four Seasons hotel, and the expectations that anyone should have of dining at a Four Seasons resort, even at casual venue.\n\nThe food was on the same level as I would expect from any local Tex-Mex cafe, but at twice the price.   What a let down.
Perhaps it was fate... got an x-ray done one day, then the next my problem was solved. The staff is awesome, helpful, friendly and accommodating. \n\nI hate the dentist, but I went ahead and scheduled a future appointment because my experience here was sensational.
Cool place. I'd go there again. Pizza was good. I wish they had a little more craft brews. Ended up drinking a \"Shift\" IPA which I think is by New Belgian
I've been told several times that this place had a great brunch.  Upon arrival, the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering.
Visit here several time per month and the food is always good.  The staff could be friendlier such as when you leave acknowledging you as a customer and maybe thanking you.   The majority of the staff just does not seem that friendly.  I still go back though
I had such a good time on this ballon ride!!  Don't go with one of the larger companies who pack a ton of people in a big basket. This was perfect with a nice small breakfast (and champagne) afterwards!!
Service was fine and the place was nice. It was the food-terrible calamari,  its not breaded, its in a tomato water. I had the special, beef ravioli, bland, mushy, drowned in soggy tomatos and olive oil. Price $18.00 for 8 raviolis.
One star because of the decor\nEverything else was unimpressive \nPad Thai was nasty, chicken was rubbery\nSpring rolls, deep fried, were undervalued\nService wasn't great. \n$17.00 for lunch. Not visiting this place again.
This is the worse Mexican food I have ever had. Why are the enchiladas sweet? The rice is horrible. I'm from Los Angeles and I'm Mexican American so when I here Mexican food I have a high expectation but this is horrible. The best thing was the horchata
Multiple visits.\nAlways quick service. \nAlways good food quality.
Horrible choice. Unfortunate service, hostility from staff after confirmed arrangements for a pick-up of car, and a loss of property. We stayed here on our wedding night for the convenience and seemingly chic accommodations-- would never recommend staying here. \n\nIssued police report for theft and multiple letters against their service.
Outstanding service and dining!\n\nFantastic view.\nConvenient location one floor down from the Playboy Club.
Unfriendly staff
i will never set foot in the d casino ever again!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they are cheaters and should be ashamed of themselves. if you expect to be paid upon your winnings, the d is not for you!!!
Didn't expect it to be so good. We both had the chicken fried steak and potatoes. Really good! Didn't taste like prepackaged garbage. We'll definitely be back, next time for breakfast. Our server was attentive and the food arrived in a reasonable amount of time.
Great people that work in the bank but as a whole, Wells Fargo is just as bad as the other large banks, responsible for the housing crisis in the US. GO LOCAL!!!
Looks nice on the outside, but their food was not amazing at all.  Water is not free (I believe they charged $2 or $3 for filtered water).  I had their fetuccini alfredo which tasted like premade canned sauce from the grocery store.  The quality of the food was not worth the price.
I came here to get a dress hemmed and was very pleased with the results.  The seamstress did a great job of helping me decide what length to make the dress and was very friendly.  On top of that, the dress was ready in 2 days and only cost $15!  I will definitely be going back for all my tailoring needs.
The optometrist here is great. Quite friendly and helpful. They always work hard to get me the most for my money when the time comes around for my eye exams. I always walk out happy and with a new pair of Oakley sunglasses to complement my fresh contacts. Ignore the negative comments, you guys are great.
The BBQ chicken was very tasty. The fries, cole slaw, and roll were not with the calories. Don't forget to bring cash as that is the only currency that is allowed. The service was excellent and very responsive.
Make sure the screen by the handle says \"Ready to Serve\" before pulling it down. Sometimes when the frozen yogurt is still in \"Freezing mode\" you'll get this liquidy goop.
I will give these folks 3 stars for getting back to me and offering a little aloha from Rick's Restoration. Kudos to Brett and Rick for the followup. Just might stop in again some day.
Beware of a restaurant that won't put beer prices on their menu. $8-9 bucks for a beer? They card everyone, even an old, hard of hearing guy who didn't have a drivers license (or an 'approved' ID).\n\nBah!
I've been to three cupcake places now and although the other places had bigger cupcakes, this place was the moistest! My favorite! I will definitely be back.
Me and hubby's first time here and we absolutely love it. Came in hurting and left feeling like champs. This will definitely be our place to hit for our neck and back needs.
I haven't had anything here that I didn't want more of! The BEST onion rings, hands down. I've yet to take a friend here who didn't love it.
I was in Madison on business and as an early riser was looking for a good cup of coffee. Colectivo opens at 6 AM which was very convenient.  They made my favorite latte to order and it was delicious.  Great spot and a better choice than that Seattle based company!
nice store. :) they make michael korrs watches too
This place has great atmosphere and the food is awesome.  I had the American Classic cooked to perfection.  My hubby has the Chefs Vegi Burger and said he gives it a 10.  Highly recommend this place to anyone.
Pool clean and clear. Showers clean. Swam 1500.     Awesome.   Makes my day to have a convenient workout place.
This place was recommended by some vietnamise friends and I have to say that it's excellent. I had the soup (M4A) with beef and the taste was great. \n\nIt is also very cheap
Best AYCE sushi in town.  I've been coming here for years.  It's very busy now, but with expanded rooms.  Very worth it.
The boiling crab isn't my favorite place for crawfish but it will do. It's not busy like hot n juicy, a quick in and out and perfect for groups. Moderately prices and ok service. I always get 1 lb of shrimp lemon pepper & Cajun fries!
Uhhhhhhg...for someone who sincerely loves Walmart for their prices, selections, and availability, this location fails in EVERY SINGLE aspect. And in such an upscale part of town too. Very sad. I hate this location!!!
Short changes Foreign Tourists. Beware\n\nWe bought a coffee here and the cashier shortchanged us $5.  We were tired and not familiar with the money at a glance.
Love this place! Very happy with color & cut that I've gotten. For the past three years I've tried a new hair place almost every time I needed something, but no more. I'll be a regular customer here from now on.
Coffee is great but they don't have Splenda.  I asked the person behind the counter and they said we have stevia. I explained that stevia least a nasty aftertaste and they said we only carry all natural products. I would say that the pastries that are in your display case beg to differ.
The pasta here is always delicious.
We found a new favorite place on the strip. The Pantry looks like the kitchen we all wish we had. Such a welcoming place with the friendliest staff and the most delicious food. Their maple syrup was phenomenal. It's the real deal!
We had an absolutely fabulous stay at The Signature by MGM. The room had many upgrades, great views, and a great location. Most of all it was a tremendous value! I couldn't believe how much we got for the price. It was recommended by a friend, we had a great experience, and I definitely plan on staying there again.
My wife's seafood pasta special of the night was good, but my bolognaise was straight out of a can, and not worth eating.  The service was very good, ambiance was decent, but I wouldn't go back.
I've only been once, it was good.  I had the BBQ chicken, comes with 2 scoops of rice and I chose the potato salad.  It was good, but not fabulous.  I'll definitely go back and try the ninja bowl everyone is raving about!
Driver was SO nice and took great care of us! Good price. Clean vehicle. Easy to work with, schedule and get ahold of. I will use these guys every year I come back.
The food wasn't bad, it was just uninspired.  The service was total crappy.  Greasy chairs.  Sticky bowls.  Weird tasting beer glasses.  Waited 30 minutes for the check.  We were going to get desert but waited 40 minutes before anyone came back to the table.  Just bad.
The sushi was so horrible that it was the first time I had to return sushi in my entire 15 15 year sushi history. It is truly not a sushi place they are in a awesome location and I believe it gets a great deal of business because of location not taste.
This place use to be good.  I'm not sure what happened to their food and portions.   Somehow the food became bland and their portions are a lot smaller.   We had to order more than usual to accommodate the five of us and we still left hungry.   So disappointing.   I don't think we will be coming back here anymore.
Place was okay. Hangover food that wasn't the tastiest. Not the cleanest place either but friendly service
This hotel was beyond spacious for my boyfriend and I. You'll definitely get your moneys worth here. It's beautiful with everything you need right in the room and hotel. The casino was nice, club is extremely fun and restaurants were delicious. Highly recommend you experience staying in this hotel if you ever travel to Las Vegas!
Typically clean, friendly staff, security at dusk.
I like it for breakfast. Servers are sometimes a little bossy. In a good way - if they don't like what you're asking for they let you know what's good.
Very nice staff. Their selection of eyeglasses is interesting, the realllly nice ones will cost you. Overall, two pairs of glasses for 100 dollars can't be beat.
Love the drink specials. But everytime I go here I seem to get pretty slow service. Good food for being a bar though.
So excited to have Bahama Bucks here!! I am from Arizona like another reviewer and this place is addicting.  Remember, get the cream added.  Sounds weird at first to add cream to an ice concoction, but it is amazing :)
Great food.  Good job with the smoked meat. Their fries are excellent as well.  They have TVs all over the place for watching sports.
I hate feeling like I've been ripped off.  Average food for double to triple the price!  Makes me sick to think people can charge $15 for an ok-average-ish hamburger and get away with it.  I would rather have gone to Carls for a $6 burger.  I won't go back! :/
Excellent food, excellent service, reasonable prices. This locally owned family restaurant is a can't miss. The service is friendly and prompt and the owners are typically in the restaurant ensuring their guests are happy and full. We have tried several dishes and been happy each time.
We stopped by after the Giants spring training opener and it was dead, but they had penny drinks if you had a Giants ticket and the sun was shining. We played some bean-bag toss and kinda had the whole place to ourselves which was alright for a drink. Then we moved on. Looks like a nice place to go when the weather heats up.
Really good place to eat and chill with the family.and to eat really good Japanese food
Bought a bed that was setup broken. Item was supposedly fixed but still not correct.  I can't return this unused bed without being charged a restocking fee. Would not recommend this store poor quality and service has been a hassle to deal with
Ultimate Burger,,, enough said !\n\nbest lunch location in the area, hands down best burger with this style,,, \nyes, their other food is great also, i just like the burger that much more,,, Filling great price... the goto decision while there.
Amazing pedicures! Acrylic manicure was just ok. Friendly staff, clean, and cheerful atmosphere.
great beer selection and wings as well.
Yellow curry medium heat was delish!  Didn't quite burn my mouth but had enough kick.
Great wings!!!!!!!!!!! I love this place great people great food. bike night was great. Was here in  July 2011
Had a great dinner last night for restaurant week. Filet was great, the added lobster was a bit over done but still tasty. Service was terrific! Way to go Ruth Chris staff
Yikes the Yelp community let me down on this one, the sandwiches were super salty & super greasy. Really nice staff but that's the only good thing I have to say.  Also overpriced.
The people are really nice abd the food is pretty good, but i think it was to expensive
Soooo yummy. Been here a few times and definitely coming back. Eating here always leaves my taste buds and tummy excited and satisfied. Bonus points for being able to dine while watching the water shows across the street. \n\nRomantic, but a great place to hang out with friends as well.
best dog park...so far
Meh.  Maybe I was tired, maybe I was hungover, or maybe the show just didn't live up to expectations.  Expected to see more of Holly throughout the show, but I agree with the other reviewers.  The cast was the star of this show, and Holly was the proverbial cherry on the top.
Just got escorted out because one of our friends was carrying a military ID. thanks for respecting those who keep our country safe.
Today was my first visit to Globe Salon, and I really enjoyed the experience. Sam provided a great consultation, great cut, and several styling tips! I am so excited to have found my new favorite salon in LV!
It's hard to find good Pho places in LV, this place was ok. Egg rolls were good and came out quick, were steaming hot too. Pho broth i think could go for a bit more flavor. other then that, service was good and pho was ok
Nothing special except that it's filled with all the obnoxious douchebags and foul mouthed drunk sluts from the rehab pool.
Fast, friendly service, they really make you feel like you are family. Can't wait until I'm on that side of town again to stop in.
Service was great. Beer was cheap. Good menu options for large parties including veggies.
Just in case anyone else had been looking for them they moved!!! I went into the mall the other day to look for a new phone and they moved, but they only moved just outside the mall on Camelback next to Wildfish and just outside of Nordstroms, Glad I found it!
Awesome food. The nachos were very gourd and the chicken burrito with the waffle sweet potatoes were to die for. Definitely worth a return trip.
With a location inside Walmart, Smart Style is convenient. And affordable. I have had my hair cut and styled here many times. I have never left disappointed.
The young lady at the front desk was very professional to all customers even though some customers were not.  Incident taken on this date at 18:32 hours.
I had a very entertain show I will be on next visit I will also share the good news everybody must see show
Friendly, family owned company. Great prices and great service too! You can't go wrong with Azteca Pest Control. They are truly the best.
Poor quality. Ordered meat lovers' pizza and BBQ chicken wings. Took 40+ minutes and the crust was soggy and the chicken wings weren't even juicy. Definitely wouldn't order from here again.
Horrible! Look them up on bbb .many reports to them. Never again will I use them. Poor communication and they never follow up. Easy to call and get appt's, never follow through with promises.
Good space. Has all the equipment you need. Only problem is too many personal trainers. Its a public gym, NOT a personal training studio!
Love this place!  Went for happy hour last week.  The atmosphere is chill and the service was good. We had the wood grilled vegetables, the pork belly Ramen, chicken wings,  and bbq pork appetizers.  Drinks did take a while to come to the table but everything tasted delicious and the price was great!
I can only write this review based on their bubble tea, but it's one if not the best bubble tea I've had in Pittsburgh.\n\nThey get it right in all the flavors with my favorite being their milk coffee.
Love, Love, Love this place.  Ordered food for Graduation, went in early in day ordered and paid ahead,  food was ready when promised and everything was delicious.  Absolutely the best Soups....Hot n Sour is amazingly delicious!!!!!   Very friendly, courteous and knowledgable staff....
This place has seen better days.  Walked into the joint recently with some friends visiting from out of town.....we walked out within 10 minutes.  There's nothing to see here.....it's old and there are better options downtown.\n\nReturn Factor - 10%
This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  The M Resort is beautiful, the food is incredible.  Always fresh, great staff.  The variety and the seafood buffet is amazing.  Not crazy expensive and wine and beer are included in the 'all you can eat' price.
Long line, inefficient staff. Maybe my expectations were too high but it just wasn't as good as I was hoping for the calories. We had the bread pudding and carrot cake cookie. Eh.
I enjoy most Zipps locations but this one has the worst management of all of all Zipps. Truly rude and definitely incompetent. Food is greasy and cheap but a decent place to watch the game over a drink with friends, however there are too many other options around here to waste your time and money at this place.
Very delicious. Tap water was nasty and the wait, but it's expected. Other than that, nice nice nice.
Three stars only beacuse the food selection is average. The beer is great and the ambience is amazing, especially the outdoor fire pit area.  What a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy some local craft beer. Highly recommend the copper and dunkel!
4 of us just came out of the restaurant very disappointed. Compared to most Thai restaurants this place lacks in quality of food and atmosphere and the prices are high. It's in an ugly strip mall and we expected authenticity instead found low quality and high prices. The place is designed to feed many with marginal service.
AMAZING! Definitely great quality massages-- and for only $45 for 80 mins?? WOOORTH IT! I was helped by a student named Armando, and he was fantastic! Highly recommend!
So yummy and fresh! I always enjoy coming for breakfast or lunch! They take pride in the quality of their service and food.
Left numerous voice mail messages and emails - none returned.  Business must be good to ignore potential customers.  Look elsewhere for someone that is interested in your business.
Pretty pricey and the food is just o.k. I have eaten there a few times and every time I came away thinking it wasn't worth the money. There are way better options in Pittsburgh
Everything that I've tried has been simply delicious! The sweetest people work here, and although it gets a bit busy during the popular lunch and dinner hours, it's so worth the small wait. :D Go! Right now! :) haha
Overpriced, slow, and mediocre. We waited in line for a LONG time to get milkshakes that were just ok.
This park has it all aquatic facility, baseball diamonds, soccer fields,  basketball courts, dog parks, and picnic areas!
For the price the food should be much better.3 people cost $400.\n2 had lobster , 1 had pasta and 1 bottle of wine.Service was great,nice view of the canal,great decor.
All foods are recycled.  I went there yesterday and found out all foods including main dishes and side dishes are recycled.
I decided to check this place out, because I wanted to see the UFC and not pay for it. I am glad I did, great place. I did not eat anything, just had some drinks while I sat at the bar and watched the fights. The bartenders were awesome. I think I will come back and check out the food some time.
Any place that serves orange pineapple juice is a winner in my book. I tried a few of their house hashes and they were all tasty.
No words to describe this yummy food!! \nIf I could eat it everyday, I would! I am completely obsessed!!
I crave this all the time. I've never had anything I didn't love. The pizzas are awesome and the chicken kebabs.... yessss.
We had a great experience coming here-quite inexpensive too..lots of food!\nFriendly service, wonderfully authentic food and even an authentic brew. It's just a hole in the wall, but it was great!
My favorite sushi place in Vegas. We went to several sushi places in Vegas while we were there and this one was easily the best. The rolls were great and we went during their happy hour so they were also well priced. The food is fresh, the service is great and the location (view of the strip) was phenomenal.
Pretty fun spot.  There is live music in the downstairs area, and a club in the upstairs area.  Good for groups with different tastes.
This place is great. Frank did a great job on my hair.  I loved to updated yet old school barbershop look and feel.\n\nThe tv's are a nice touch but the conversation and cut is what makes this place worth it.\n\nI will be getting my haircut here every time.
The pizza and panini's are awesome. The pizzas are cooked in a wood fire roasted oven. The Caprese salad is really good. Nick took good care of us. The service is excellent. The staff is outstanding. Very attentive. Good prices. Nice atmosphere.
My husband bought a dozen cupcakes for Mother's Day and they tasted like a boxed mix. I know I could of made better cupcakes myself. That being said, a family member recently brought their cupcakes and they were slightly better. They aren't worth the price, but hopefully they figure out their recipe soon.
Love Love Love this place! Laid back atmosphere, great music and delicious, healthy food. Mmmm...just writing about this place is making me crave the daybreaker :) If you go for breakfast on the weekends, make sure you get there early so you can find parking and a table. It gets crazy crowded!
Wow what a great little spot. Crepes were ridiculously good. Omelette was great too.  I think I finished two other peoples plates, ha.\n\nOnly downside: no credit cards, cash only!
BARF! Gave it a extra star for the ambiance and decor that was the only thing this restaurant had going for itself.
Did I seriously pay like $8 for a slice of crappy pizza?
Irene is, quite simply, the world's most talented and responsible alterations seamstress.
Very average pizza with very little sauce. Cute place and ok service with good iced tea!
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere...what more can you ask for?  Casual setting with full bar and many unique island drinks.  Large food portions at very reasonable prices.  So much to choose from and they all look so good! Across from Swirl and parking is free! I will be back again!
A fun, sexy and hip place. Great food and entertainment including an acrobat and fashion show on Friday nights.
G&S is not ready for consumption. The menu is meager and the decor empty feeling (tables and chairs are of the church wedding reception kind ). Try again in a few months to see if they pull it together.
The steak and peppers wrap was very succulent, I would prefer adding chipotle sauce or something spicy to go with it. The fries was to die for but portion was kind of small...
We just finished The Works pizza from Fatman's Pizza. I'm not going to claim to be a pizza connisuer, but this pizza was delicious!!! It had everything we wanted for our first pizza since moving down to Mesa on Nov. 1st. We will definitely be back!!!
I needed Mastercrafts services for the second time this month, My garage door spring broke this morning. I called Stewart at 7:20am, he promptly returned my call. He was there by 9.....  finished by 9:30.... Thanks for the quick service!!!
I have never left RnR feeling unsatisfied. I love coming here especially on sundays. The music is always loud and bumping, the food is really great, and they have all the games playing. If I had to leave the house on Sundays, RnR would be my first to go spot every single time.
My good friend got discriminated against by the general manager. What a shame.. Just lost a big number of clients.
Ordered the fish tacos with rice and beans. Bland, awful. Fish was overfried. Beans were not that wonderful smooth creamy texture that refried beans are supposed to be. Won't be going back.
Enormous breakfast menu and portions! Lunch and dinner menu is great too. Arlene waited on our table. Location on Flamingo Blvd is roomier.
Hadn't been here for some time.  Went late on a Friday with only 2 tables being served. Very disapointing.  Food portions much smaller and prices more expensive than I remember.  Wait staff very talkative and offended one of my dining companions.
Ihop in Vegas....still ihop.
Very tasty, classic Chinese food out of the box.
Great lunch spot for unique, tasty sandwiches using ordinary ingredients.  You get to choose from a bajillion different bread slices.  \n\nThey have some awesome soups too!!! yum!
Beef Tacos A+.  I love this place when I'm looking for some quick, awesome Mexican food.
Great for groups for cheese and desserts not for dinner. I like to be served not to cook my own meal ep for over $100 bill
Just checked in at Edens Grill and ordered a Greek Salad with Chicken Kabobs! This dish is amazing!
Finally got to try this place with the kids,  wasn't terribly impressed Mac n Cheese was better than KFC and the panko breaded strips need a Lil salt n pepper.  Will be back for the the Mac though!
Went to the Burger Bar with my brother. We both were extremely please with our orders. One of the freshest tastiest burgers I have had. I will definitely be back when I hit up Vegas again. Good stuff!
The Deuce is the worst public transportation I have ever taken. Every stop seems to take 15 minutes for people to load and unload. It was a painfully long ride from the strip to downtown. I recommend walking or taking the monorail to get around on the strip. If you're headed downtown spend the money and take a cab.
Not that great. Expensive. Photos look better than the real thing. \"Sell the sizzle, not the steak\" applies to this place.
That's what I needed.  Great sushi, kids loved it.  Tatum is a sushi lover too!  Apps where awesome.   Great spot to watch some World Cup and enjoy some yummy lunch.
Always a different experience I guess it just depends on whose working. Thank goodness for drive through Starbucks!
a whole lotta oysters..  and yes they are good!!
The best wings ever, just wish you couldn't smoke on the patio.
Gross! Reminded me of school cafeteria food. I had to get full off of mashed potatoes and gravy. My husband could only eat the french fries and bacon. Honestly the worst food that I have had in Vegas so far.\nPlus side is-its cheap. You get what you pay for.
Awesome... Check it out, grab your babe catch some laughs and laugh at your picture....\n\ndo it!
service was excellent
If I could give it ZERO stars I would. DO NOT STAY HERE UNLESS THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION. Rooms are filthy and the managers make you feel slightly uncomfortable. We saw the room and left. Kind of the scene for a thriller movie.
I ordered the southern fried chicken sandwich from drive-thru, it came without ANY condiments on it.  Just a plain piece of chicken on a bun?  Come on guys, get it right
I go a drink. It was cold. It was a dollar. I drove up and it was handed to me. What is there to complain about? A sweaty cup?
Best cheesesteak in town!  I have tried Gxxxxs and they don't come close to Mikes.
I really love this place its clean, they serve the food fresh & fast  . the food is highly addictive.
I have been with sprint for 10 plus years..I have never had a 4G phone with fast service.. I use to pay for it each month.. They have been saying the same shit for 5 years the towers are not up yet.. Don't buy it.
Came here for lunch, portions were small.  Took 20 mins to check out after eating because they were understaffed.
The place has potential but with so few stores and the fact that it is so hard to find parking, it is really lame.  They should have waited until it was complete to open it.
Awesome food....had the breakfast burger, with pickled veggies, and pita & cucumber with hummus. Best burger I have ever eaten!
Prices were cheap however food was served well after others who came in and they literally put Brown gravy on the Mexican food, staff ignored simple requests...only reason for 1 star was due to price
love their wknd brunch menu!! Each item comes with 16 oz. draft beer. Well worth the $$!!
Wild and tasty! Best Sweet Bread. Got to get the bacon wrapped rabbit.
In short: cute stuff but a little pricey. But I guess this is a \"vintage\" store and not thrift store.... -___- I left here with some cute things but wasn't too overly excited.
Hey not bad . In and out type of place. People where nice to me .  I'll use them again .  Really nice.
Not what it used to be.  I recall the portions bigger and the food being better.  The acoustics are poor as you can't hear anything.  I swear they used be be better.  Location is good but parking can be tough on game days.  Hate to be there when the wealthy wasps are watching their Giants on Sunday.
Tried this place today for the first time and loved it.  Goat curry (my first time eating goat) greens, cornbread and that wonderful grapefruit soda. Everything was great and portions were large. Service was really great also.  I'll be back
Responded promptly when emailed to set up appointment. Salesman was very helpful and installer professional. Got the screens up quickly and neatly. Pleased with their services.
Worse experience ever. Wait for assistant from front office for basically 20 mins and received a unpleasant answer for not having internet access in 4 hours during the day. The buffet is disgusting! Even you received it for free, i strongly recommend you rather going to McDonald than torture yourself eating there
The donut holes, old fashioned donuts and fritters are amazing. Coffee is delicious too! So much better than any of the competitors. I am not even a big donut person but every now and then when it is time for donuts, this is where I go!
I hate this center it would so hard to get in and out of; especially on weekends and during the holidays. I have almost been hit a handful of times there and seen more accidents than I can count in the last 10 years.
Not too exciting. Decent food. Just another chain restaurant.
Not bad for a touristy, in hotel restaurant on the strip but not really \"dinner quality.\" The food is tasty but not exactly island style. They have a huge drink menu, almost too big, but they are good and reasonably priced as well.
Meh. Nothing special.  Definitely not worth the drive if you don't live nearby.  But, if you are in the area, itching to get out of the house, want some live music (not necessarily GOOD music) and cheap drinks, this place will work.
Ness is a fabulous place to go on the Royal Mile to get tartan items for younger girls.  They have a modern take on tweed and tartan with bright colors, bows, etc.  It's personally not my taste, but if I had some younger girls to buy gifts for, it would be perfect.
Went there with some friends for a birthday.  Terrible dinner, dry fish (supposed to be saut\u00e9ed) no appearance,just a hunk of fish on a dish, just awful\nWould never return even if it was for free.\nDan. (Jake)
Service is outstanding. The chorizo omelot was great.  Fruit was fresh. wonderful setting. I highly rcommend and we will definetly come back.
This place reminds me of five guys but with more options. The food is good, enjoyed the burger, mac n cheese was ok, something kids would definately love. they have a really nice patio and service was quick.
Hands down the best Thai Restarunt in Las vegas, definitely worth checking out if u love Thai food, the portion sizes are good, great location, with great prices. Customer services is good. It can be better but I don't mind it because the food is execellente
Went for my second time and I was not impressed.  Food was ok.  Too pricey.  The atmosphere is great.  I just wish the food was as well.  I won't be back anytime soon.
If its winter, bring a coat. If its summer, use flip-flops and tanks. I get lost here, but its a \"good\" lost ya know?!
I don't even want to give this place 1 star right now. I am so disgusted by the fact that I saw my server walking over to my table carrying my food and sneezed directly on the plates. I will never eat here again!
Good experience always. Very good crust whether you want thick or thinner crust. God selection of toppings. Worth the trip.
Love Corbin's. Took my Mom and wife for Mother's Day brunch. I had the Mexican Frittata. YUM!
I was really surprised to find this place in Vegas. It's got really good soup even for LA standards. It's a perfect breakfast for a hangover and their side dishes were very tasty as well.
I love going to Highland Park for a walk with my husband. I find it very relaxing! The reservoirs are pretty gross but I try not to look at it. It looks like breeding ground for mosquitoes.
Never again...never again!!' This place is terrible!!!!!!! I would never go here. Save your money!!!!!!!!!!
Poor service. Food is overpriced and they stiff local charities out of money crying broke. Avoid this place it's run by dishonest people.
Great place for outdoor activities. The white water rafting is fun but your clothes absolutely horrifically stink after you come out of the water so don't know if the water is dirty or there is a lot of chemical added to the water. 4th of July event is great too!
I used to love this place--they really do have an awesome selection. Unfortunately, the last few times I've visited the service has been lacking. One time recently the sign and hours indicated they were open, but upon entering, we were informed they were not open (midday on a Sunday). Hoping things improve soon.
My nose is a fan of their wall flowers :)\n\nI like to keep the smell clean and neutral for bedrooms and bathrooms so I normally go with Sea Island Cotton and Fresh Linen. \nThey can be pricey, but they often have sales.
I use this car wash frequently however lately they haven't done such a great job. Paid for a deluxe wash and got basic instead. Might have to find another car wash.
Massive Sandwhich of great proportions!  Service was super friendly and the atmosphere of this place  was mad chill.  You can't leave this place hungry.
The management is rude. If you dare to complain about over cooked food they will yell at you and tell you that you are in the wrong. I'm never going back to this location. To bad they gave a bad name for Church's Chicken.
One of our regular and go to spots when we want a relaxed, good food, good beer experience.  They have finally started expanding their beer list from the regular domestic beers.  They have some local beer as well as Odells!!!  YUM.  Plenty of TVs to go around and a cute little train motif for the kids.
I went here for lunch buffet and think that its an an ok for an indian lunch, its not over the top but its not bad either. Very limited items, tandoori chicken a little too dry, the lamb meat was good, chicken was good and thanks for the naan that cooked fresh.
Echo canyon trail hurts so good! Make sure you sunscreen up, drink a lot of water, and possibly take a snack for a rest at the top. Parking is a little difficult on the weekends. But this is probably the most challenging hike in city limits of Phoenix. Definitely worth it!
OMG! If you Love Pumpkin you must try their Pumpkin Cupcake with Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting!! \nIt's Out of this world and only Available On Wednesday!!
I am shocked by these reviews.  Has anyone ever tasted their tasteless egg drop soup?  Has anyone ever tasted their mushy fried rice (of late) ?  Has anyone ever tasted their tasteless beef?  \nI am amazed by these reviews.  and this is NOT NY chinese food!  \nI don't know what it is.
We got a \"suite\" and it's oddly shaped and just looks like a regular room.  Too far from everything and nothing special.
Amazing Chicken Fiorentina and the Agnello is their lamb shank where the meat fell off the bone. Great time with friends and Sambuca after completed the night. If you ever been to Italy, this was home.
I'm gonna keep this review short and simple. The food is real good and the atmosphere is hilarious. If its busy, you might have to wait a little before you get your food, but its well worth the wait.
NO cover, NO line, NO nasty people, and a cool view from the balcony!
Shopping for coffee at this place for last 2-3 years, never was disappointed and may be even got spoil with good quality coffee and teas, if you like great coffee go there
This place a has a really good burger and great fried pickles. I love how you can choose the size of your burger, but sometimes the bread overwhelms the patty when you order a smaller burger.
I love this airport!  It's so simple to drop-off and pick-up and there's always plenty of cell phone parking!  It's a major hub and I can easily get a non-stop to just about anywhere in the world!  Plus, it's only 15 min from my house!
Terrible food and service.
Food is great but service sucks the place was not that busy and it 20 mins for a server  to come to the table and take our drink and food order. For all the trouble the manager only took off. 20% off the bill
Good variety and near authentic taste. Food quality here is much better than some Michelin starred restaurants in London.
Delicious sushi...very creative rolls...however, the service was slow...and disappointed with the skimpy wine pours!  Come on...for $9 a glass, there should be more than 6 sips in a glass.  Just sayin.
From the outside this looks like a pretty decent cafe, but as soon as you walk in you want to walk right back out. Its dingy and in need of an extreme makeover! I was disappointed by the food too and the staff seemed just as miserable as the decor!
I ate here for breakfast last week during a visit to Las Vegas. The breakfast was reasonably priced (for a location on the Strip) and the service was fast and attentive. I loved their pancakes and the location is convenient if you are inside of the Stratosphere.
Not my style. A little dingy and quite dirty. Try not to use the toilets. If you must seek professional help afterwards. Strange crowd.
Love this place. Close to my house so that's a plus. My family loves it here as do I do. A downfall to this place is that they're closed on Sundays. Another downside is that you smell like barbecue after leaving this place. The Chicken Sandwhich is the best I've had here.
It's a Fun Place to Have a Drink
Nice Hibachi style and sushi restaurant. Food tasted great and the table chef was very entertaining. Price was OK and the place was full on a weekday. Lots of birthdays that evening. Atmosphere not that great and the neighborhood is changing.
Really great sweet tofu and veggies. Good veg pad Thai. Fast Super service. The wallpaper is spectacular! It looks like buttons! And purple!
Love QT gas stations! Always clean restrooms and floors. They have the best selection for every convenient need, especially beer! This one has the cheapest fuel on my way to work for me. They are always super friendly staff for 4am when I stop in haha
Called the place to ask a question. The guy who answered the phone was not friendly. I said thank you. He just hung up. Not even \"you're welcome\" or \"see you soon\". Customer service and first impression goes a long way in my book. You just lost a potential customer.
The only thing that they provide is a month bill.   There service sucks and you will spent more time waiting for them to really fix it than it's worth.
Taco Bell and Dell Taco are way better at 1/4 of the cost. Worst excuse for a burrito I've ever had. They also use cheap mixer for their drinks which make cocktails not taste as good as they should.
The manager of the restaurant contacted me and was able to get us the reservation on the date we originally wanted. We very much enjoyed the food and the service. I appreciate the gesture to rectify our experience, but we shall see if the reservations process is fixed the next time we try to go here.
Only went in for a drink, but for customer service alone, they get 5 stars.  Super friendly staff!
Okay, I keep forgetting about this market on the west side...\nI do go here when I do remember instead of Lee Lee & Ranch L Market.\nI always load up on basic Japanese cooking supplies; and some fun stuff too.\nThey used to have a little cafe in back; I do miss it...
Good variety, mostly comfort food, nothing fancy, which may be good for those that don't like fancy cuisine. Kid friendly, good prime rib, coffee sucks.
The food was pretty good, I ordered something simple. I thought it's cool how they have a drive thru but if you sit down it's like a restaurant how they bring your food to you, decently priced.
Do not go.  I was sick and canceled my membership and was still charged for two months. I had better results from a real chiropractors office.  After canceling due to being sick they treated me like you should never treat a customer.  I tried it because it was close to home, what a mistake.
Great dive bar; cash only, cheap drinks! Pool tables, a bit noisy, but not too shabby! As can be expected, one must order at the bar, because the servers will be busy, and might not remember everything you say to them.
They messed up our orders, they took forever, and the place is a little dirty. It's my belief that a restaurant or business should never express their political views, which this restaurant has failed at (signage). It was nothing too special. Tortilla's were good! But that's not enough to bring me back.
Horrible Customer Service! The salesman that we had is so dull and boring! We bought love seat and he wasn't happy with our decision with picking our furniture. Duh! we live less than 2 mile from this RC Willey. I guess he wants to make more commission from us! Too bad, we are too cheap!
Three of the cities hottest and sweetest bartenders. Anything on the food menu is top of the line. Pizzas are off the hook. Sandwiches are sick
The food was totally gross! We had a bad experience at the one in University and decided to try again with this one, it was still disgusting. Bathrooms were disgusting too.
As a convention center, it is clean and has good signs to get around.  Access via the monorail makes it a great place to have an event
I made an appointment for 6:15, I wasn't taken until 6:45. The haircut took an hour, which I feel for a men's haircut is a little long. The cut wasn't great, but it wasn't terrible. I probably won't be back.
Awesome little place for breakfast! Food is really good and the people are really nice. Seating is limited because it is a small place but I have never not had anywhere to sit. Staff is usually really nice as well.
What a disappointment.  Everything was overly salted including the miso soup.  And it certainly was not worth the $50 per plate.  We won't be back,
Best elongated dog I had!! Party of 2  we ordered 1 burgr and my fresh roasted chilli dawg took about 40minutes to get served!!! Yes 40 minutes!!! Took the whole \"fresh\" literal. I guess worth the wait when you are not starving.
Lite lunch with the ladies.  Two of us shared Crab Cakes and Caprese salad.  I could have eaten an entire platter full of the crab cakes.
Grabbing lunch with my wife.....bbq sauce everywhere! I love a good steak and although this is a chain style restaurant their steaks are consistent as is the rest of the meal! My favorite location is at Metro Center, although we do stop in at the Arrowhead location from time to time.
Tasty, inexpensive burgers served up at an establishment that treats their employees and customers well. What more could anyone ask for? Hint: They have a secret menu on-line. Check it out.
Worst Wendy's I've been to in years.  Slow, poor service.  They couldn't make up their mind at the end of breakfast hours how many people would be allowed to get their breakfast orders, and who would be forced to change orders to lunch.  Total incompetence here.
Not very good at all.  Pizza gross. Salad taste as they tossed in water ranch.  Wings okay.  Only one guy working at lunch and on game day.  Save your money.
Awesome place our kickball team goes here almost every Monday.. The staff is always nice and friendly and food and drinks are fast.. There prices are great. Love this place cant wait till next week for more...:)
When you feel nothing to do, you can come here.
The front desk staff is friendly and able to help us with multiple requests right away. My kids love the tasty breakfast buffet, and Mikey was super accommodating when we came down late one day. The rooms are comfortable, and clean and housekeeping is quick.
Books, Magazines, and a cafe.
Cartoons on a TV during NCAA Saturday.  Bad.
I really enjoy coming here! Great food and perfect for large parties! Plus trivia on thee table to help time go by while waiting for your food, what's not to like :)
Crappy donuts. Rude workers. They almost seemed pissed when you want to buy a donut. There are a ton of good donut places around but this is not one of them.
Eli and his crew are great. They take great care in making my yard look the way I want it. and Eli follows up after every visit to make sure I'm happy and get feedback. I highly recommend them.
Great Saturday hang out to watch the game. Staff is very friendly and attentive; patrons are all nice people. Had the bbq pork today and it was amazing! Rich, spicy sauce and pulled pork that melted in my mouth. Pair with sweet potato fries and I'll be in a good comma soon.
Extreme poor and rude service.  Nobody greeted me when I entered.  I shopped for about 10 minutes trying different glasses.  Other people came in after me to pick up glasses.  They were greeted with a fake voice about 10 octaves higher than normal.  Apparently you only receiver service after the sale.  I left and not even a goodbye was uttered.
Stupidest layout of 4 measly broken down pumps.
Worst service ever. The pizza (10\" peperoni) was greasy and tasted like something I could have paid $2 @ the grocery store. Never again!
Do not buy tickets from ticketnetwork! I bought tickets 4 months before a show and the tickets never showed up! Ticketnetwork told me there was nothing they could do to refund my money and I would need to contact the seller and my bank. AWFUL company!!
I ate here a while back. \n\nI got the Kung Pao chicken. It didn't taste like Kung Pao Chicken. Tasted like fish. I couldn't finish it. They should rename it to Kung Puke Chicken!\n\nI see people walk in to eat but I never see them leave.
Awesome place!!!! Great food and drinks. Staff is awesome! I try to go there at least once a week! Never had a problem there.
Called when my airport pickup was 10 minutes late. Dispatcher said he was on his way. Called again when driver was 20 minutes late. Dispatcher must have forgotten I had called and said driver was there on time so I must have been late. Terrible service AND liars.
Ya, just ok.  I expected better.  food was limited in choices, but tasted good.  Wouldn't recommend it if you want a \"Vegas\" experience, pretty bland.
I don t get this place ? I spent $100 on my meal and still left hungry. Did the tasting menu, the portions were so small it was ridicules.  Service was great they seem like they have a good thing going. Everything looked good, just not enough .
We just arrived for breakfast and were greeted by a hostess sneering, as if to say \"oh no, not more customers\".  Her attitude seating us was no better. \n\nThe Fairmont would do well to remember that people are primarily paying for service.
The vegetable ravioli is the best there. I don't think it is on the menu any longer but they usually still have it. Perfect size portions, nice ambience for couples or groups and decently priced. I've always had a wonderful time there and never a bad meal.
Had cheese and sausage with onion pizza. Crust was limp and doughy. Italian salad was average. Not my kind of pizza
The place is cool, except for the angry looking Asian man (must be management??) that stands at the end of the bar with his arms crossed..not sure what his purpose is, maybe he's a bouncer??    Don't see that in other local bars... Weird...
I found this boba store on a whim when I was going to Ranch 99. Went in to get a quick drink and got Jasmine Milk Tea for only $3 total. It's consider cheap when you compare the price to Tea Station. So I always go here when I have some extra cash in my wallet.
Edible bar food.  Odd pricing on drinks when large beers are cheaper than the smaller size.  Don't sit in the bar if decent service is a requirement.
Excellent food and service.  A great place to go for lunch if you are downtown.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  The burgers are great and the lab kriska is yummy!
Feel taken advantage of...    came in with a problem, 1,000 later still have same problem.. I was told no, its fine.   After another test drive by someone else, I was told another over 900....  feel sick to my stomach...  wish I never came here...
I want to like this place as the beer list is great but walked in tonight and a waitress told us to sit where ever we wanted.  We sat near the front and after 10 minutes or more not one waitress came to take our order.  We decided to leave. If I'm ever in the North Side again I may give this place another chance.
The place is closed, and out of business.
The pastas at this location are some of the best I've ever had.  The other locations just don't compare in terms of pasta.  So good.  I'm only giving it 4 stars because they don't serve pasta until after 3 PM.
I was all amped up to order a dozen of these \"talked about\" doughnuts but what good is it if your business is closed and it's past 6am? Maybe another day I will give this place another shot but not such a disservice  for a first potential customer....
Love the food and smoothies! However, the wait time is really long-  20-30 minutes and items are quite expensive. So, I only go there once a month or so.
A must every time I go to Las Vegas!  Get the lemon cake.
Daaaaayum, everything is expensive. The only things that weren't were the souvenir shot glasses in the middle aisle for .99 haha. Sigh haha.
A bit crowded, but amazing blueberry and strawberry pancakes. I fought to go here and waited about 20 mins for a table (weekend) but it was totally worth it.
Mmmmmm!   BLT and fries for dinner!  My husband and I were too lazy to cook on Saturday night, so we came here for dinner.  And I do so love BLTs!
Rich and creamy pastry, I love this place, gives me back my memories of travel in Europe, thank you guys!
Fun little treasure trove of collectibles, gifts and oddities.  Fun way to spend a few hours.
A friend recommended this to me, and I can't figure out why.  The food was underwhelming and pricey.  The service was fine, and the place looked nice, but I can barely remember what I ate there it was so forgettable.
I got the 2 slice medium drink combo. The flavor of the pizza was good but very thin. I put the slices on each other and it barely made the thickness of a normal slice. But for 4 dollars its def worth it.
Extremely impressed with the improvement of service and quality of food with this restaurant. I literally come here especially for the Zonie and Gojira roll. Oh my gosh it's a party in your mouth!! And the hostesses and waitresses are so friendly! Will be coming here regularly :)
Walked in at 1:15am August 10, 2014 & walked out 1:30.. A waitress touched pancakes with her dirty ass hands after she rang up seven people at the cash register . & serve the pancakes cold as well.
Good for being in Pittsburgh, but it didn't knock it out of the park. Tasty, but not amazing.
Great take out spot conveniently located in the Latta Arcade. Never takes more than 5 minutes to get my food even during the lunch rush. Pricing could be a dollar cheaper in my opinion but the bourbon chicken special is fantastic.
Pretty great lunch!  Not very crowded, which was nice.  The food is tops and the place looked great.  It's upscale, so expect to pay a little more... BUT, you get what you pay for!  Not terribly expensive for what you get...
Not much for breakfast just eggs and meat
Best seafood buffet in Vegas.
Always enjoy coming to Egg Works for the great food and service.  Today I had Ashley as my server.  Enjoyed her friendly and efficient service.
Customer service sucked at the bar.   Employees didn't seem happy at all.  Heard them bitching and complaining by the computer.  Over this place. I'll go back to Marjorie's where the staff seemed happy to see everyone and excited they were getting business
The bar tender was rude and has poor customer service
I had lunch here yesterday. It was pretty good! The fish was tasty and it was a nice atmosphere. Looks like a nice place to go with a group to watch a game and have some drinks too!  I didn't have sashimi on this trip but I will be back to try!
I would never recommend or refer ANYONE here.  They are rude, unprofessional, and do cheap work.  The manager is arrogant and condescending, to say the least.  They \"repaired\" one of my rings and actually made it worse.  Fail.
Cheap, quick breakfast! If you're looking for breakfast and don't want to wait 2 hours to get into DeLuca's or Pamela's, this place is where you want to go. Their menu doesn't have as much variety, but everything is around or under $10 and the portions are huge.
Bad, slow service!  Could not get a basic quesadilla in a timely fashion.  Would not have given zero stars but it is not an option
The pot roast is amazing!  Service was amazing on such a busy Friday night.  One of the best places to eat or drink in the Lawrenceville area.
This place is completely average. Has horrible ribs. They were so dry they didnt even come off of the bone. It was basically a huge disappointment cause the place smelled amazing
Small place but very good. I was one of the 1st hundred customers and have a VIP card. During the winter I was there often! Now there's a new pho place down the street that will compete with them.
The fried chicken is excellent and do not leave without trying the pie....If you are full from dinner be sure to get some to go!
Not the best sushi I've ever had, menu is overpriced. Service was good, but it was 9pm on a Wednesday and they looked overstaffed.
Amanda did our wedding cake and dessert table and everything was absolutely amazing! She is always willing to meet with you or work with you to get exactly what you are looking for and more. Everything tastes wonderful! I also love visiting the shop and I can never pass up her brownies...so good.
Tried it base on reviews and convenience....next to our motel.   Had the Spinach Enchiladas.  Service was excellent and the atmosphere was nice.  Unfortunately the Enchiladas were bland.  If you want great Spinach Enchiladas, try Eva's in Casa Grande or Arizona City.
This place makes the best Kung pao chicken. Nice and spicy. Best time to order is lunch prices are lower. Singapore style noodles also very good.
Seems to be losing it's luster and cool factor.  Now it's just a dark, dreary looking casino with only a few odd shops sprinkled inside.  Don't think I'd stay here as it seems overrun with aging douchebags and their golden-pussy girlfriends.
This is the first time Ive seen a 5 star rating and it lived up to it. Amazing quality and freshness. Job well done. dont fix it if it aint broke.
The best thing about this restaurant is definitely all the pictures of dogs. The restaurant has a very cool theme!\n\nI didn't care too much for the food though, although it was alright. And it didn't really seem to be worth the price, but in any case we had a good time dining here.
The buns were pasty and not toasted enough and the meat was overcooked and dry.  Just a notch above Carl's Jr.
This place was a huge disappointment. The pizza was simply horrible, the salad disgusting and low quality but the wings weren't bad. \nJust the same with so many great places around I won't be back.
Very nice gentleman who directed me to another watch repair place to have some minor work done on a new Seiko I'd purchased. The only reason he didn't do the work is due to not stocking the parts.
I had the \"Artisinal Burger\". It was one of the best burgers I've ever had, big, juicy, perfectly cooked.
Must haves:\n\nBrussel Sprouts\nSake Orenji\nWatermelon/tuna/jalapeno - no idea what this was called. \n\nMay interesting tastes and great helpful staff. Also a decent happy hour spot.
I enjoy the atmosphere here. Its an old house and has a great patio with lots of outdoor seating. Maybe i am just ordering the wrong things to eat but ive never been impressed by anything that ive had there. Its a bummer...just so so.
Love Jessica Mc. as a colorist, she is very very knowledgeable. Super safe if you cherish your healthy hair! I love her work and my precious time, she is very quick, not to mention very reasonable prices. I highly recommend Her!
Good food - nice options for kids - good margaritas.  Clean restaurant... We will keep going back!
Great and reliable business!   If you need someone who is honest and quick, this is the place.
Terrible food.  There was no background music playing in the restaurant once you sat down so you could hear people's conversations from across the room.\n\nMidway through the meal, a random woman from the street came up and asked us for money!!\n\nNo return for us, ever!
Interesting menu but always disappointing. Overpriced for the quality of ingredients and portions. Each time I've eaten here, I wish I had just gone to Five Guys and saved a few bucks for a better product.
Quick, attentive business and a good express wash.
Stopped here in a afternoon, wasn't impress with the selections. The stuff they do have were looking that great either, got nothing and walk out the door.....smelled fishy just like the name.
Love love love Bandera!!!! Best cornbread you'll ever have!!! Never a disappointment coming here always look forward to it!!!
I had the California tacos. The salsa was really good, but the tacos were sub-par. There are too many other good restaurants in the area to waste your time here.
LOVE their chocolate shake and they have great burgers, fries, and hot dogs too.  The downfall is the cost.  This place is expensive!!  Dine in and try the fry sauce-yum!
This place sucks for customer service. Their organic selection is NON EXISTENT! the store closes at midnight I tried to come in at 1145pm one night and they denied me. Lines are always backed up. Avoid this place.
Customer service sucks. They say one thing & do another. If your looking for a good gun shop in henderson, go to spurlocks. \nNever again will they have my business nor the rest of my families that went there.
Bad experience. Different treatment for different people. Inconsistent rules. Should verify policies with hotel so guests have correct expectations. Took our business elsewhere. \nNote to management: Looks can be deceiving.
Hands down for the zucchini sandwich! It's beyond delicious! I ordered with seasonal fruits and it came with a tasty vanilla yogurt dip! Loved it!
Stay on the strip.  This lake Las Vegas shuts down at 10 and the employees don't know that.   Nothing to do.   Employees suck.   The whole area sucks.   The Westin name is at risk with this poor excuse for a resort. Skip it.   Las Vegas lake is never gonna make it.    Good luck.
As I mentioned in my last review of a different chipotle one of the things I like most about this establishment is the consistent great flavors you experience at every site you eat at.  This location tends to be extra busy and seating can be an issue if you are planning on dining in.  The lunch rush is a killer.
Burgers were good. The sides are great. Skip the fries and get the zucchini or mushrooms. Next time I'm going to have to dig into their selection of Root Beers... Can't wait!
Good food, but easily enough to split.  Loved the basil and cheese eggs, good potatoes.  The portions are gigantic (and for your heart's sake, I would advise splitting a meal), so come hungry.
cockroach infested! terrible beyond belief. huge ripoff!
This place has a great menu, but they need to lighten up on the dressing. It was overwhelming how much thousand island they put on my small sub, like half a bottles worth. Whoa. I wiped some of the dressing off and realized this place is a bit overrated.
Nice indoor strip mall with a Urban outfitters Ice bar and Fat Tuesday's
3 words:  disgusting, disgusting, and fucking disgusting. Oh wait, that was 4.
Delicious wholesome burgers, just be ready for the quantity that comes with the quality!
They never have anything at this store. I suggest you call in advance to make sure they have what you want but 90% of the time you'll be disappointed
:( frowny face because the tip jar is back! Taking my money is not worthy of a tip, sorry.
This walmart location is okay they always have the things that im looking for and the customer service is okay at best the only negative thing I can say about this walmart is each time ive come to this store its messy and unorganized but other then that I usually always shop here.
Stopped by here to grab a drink before the movies. Nice bartender but the martini was mediocre. Considering it's a \"Martini\" bar, I had high expectations that weren't met. Decent ambiance and location. Drinks were still pricey for happy hour though.
Out of all the Indian restaurants in the Las Vegas area this one is my favorite.  I have never had a dish that I didn't love and service has always been great
nothing to eat ........
You know that amazing aroma you can smell when you get out of your car at Can't Stop?\n\nWell, that bouquet's coming from Rudy's, across the street.\n\nDon't be a fool... go across the street.
Visited this location this morning, being from out of town I heard this local spot was extremely good. Everyone was right the food is awesome, and can I just say Nicole E. was a wonderful server. I will definitely be back whenever I'm in Vegas and will spread the word of how great it is.
Great, friendly service. I've only had good quality burritos and burrito bowls here. Only issue is parking. It's easier to park at the Food Lion.
great atmosphere and decor, but the food was just blah. \ndidn't love it.\nthe wait for 4 of us to get served..  took forever. \nlots of better mexican food places in town.
This store is closing so I went in and everything was on sale. I bought a really cute dress. They have some beautiful designers and great, trendy clothing. I love it!!
I like their seating area. It has a nice sized inside area and also a bright outside area that is tucked between a walkway and another store. One of my favorite locations.
My friends and I frequent Terrible's cafe when visiting Las Vegas. After a long night of drunken debauchery, it's the place to go. You can't go wrong with $3 steak and eggs!
Chicken fried rice Yum. Friendly employees. Could have been cleaner.
Music was too fucking loud. We even gave money to the DJ to turn it down, and after one song, the volume returned to where you cannot even hear yourself think. DJ Fame was also making homophobic comments, and not to mention the music was terrible. Hookah was okay but way overpriced.
Nice friendly staff and awesome owner.  Been to all parts of Italy and I can honestly say, Pino truly brings that taste to Phoenix.
Professional, extremely organized and clean.  Staff is considerate and helpful.
Horrible service. Waiting for over an hour for our food. We asked for the manager and never came to our table. Never will I eat here again. Food is good but having to wait for an hour with a hungry child is ridiculous. This was supposed to be a celebration for my sons 20th Birthday.
I go here daily for coffee and the employees are super friendly! Had a stranger buy my coffee once and one employee actually remembers how I take my coffee! Blueberry cake donuts aren't too bad either!
Extremely terrible!!! The only good about this place is the decor. The food was horrible, the chicken was rubbery, the veggies were a joke. My wife and I only ate the fried rice, paid our bill and then went to Sushi Mon. Don't go here you will be very disappointed.
We love this restaurant! My favorite is the veggie tacos and the rice. My husband loves the Black Chile and the fajitas and the bar is a great place to meet up with friends.
Fast good service and good food. Menu in English has 144 food options but the base is always the same rice,noodles,..I liked the place.could see mostly Chinese  eating there so I would go again.
The drink service has gotten better recently, but the wifi is still so unreliable I have started going to the other starbucks down the street across 215. The staff is much nicer there too.
Good normal run of the mill marriott hotel. Wifi not free to all residents, depends on your deal! Great location for Montreal, short walk from station, old town, china town etc. Good bar.
Second time here.. My favorite is the pink glazed with sprinkles. I love that on the weekends they are open 24 hours. I just wish their was a location closer to my house off Blue Diamond!
UPDATE... after several days of additional calls and posts,  my complaint made it to the management team at Scott Clark Nissan who then researched and resolved both my A/C and their paperwork error within 8 hours.   Still frustrated by the experience but and glad they owned up to the mistake and eventually resolved it.
Looking for an upscale sexy pizza place with a DJ spinning some music for your date tonight? This is the place. The pizza is yummy and the atmosphere is great. DJ yes dancing No. Disclaimer: I don't recommend this place for large groups especially if you are super hungry.
I guess they don't deliver every night. The first time I called they hung up on my. Don't think I'll be trying them after this.
Small portions lol not recommended for pregnant women ! The worlds smallest avocado rolls with big prices everything g was small portions
I love a sweet breakfast.  Vanilla challah french toast here was just perfect for me. Not too sweet and the portion was just right.  Bananas and pecan were with sweet french toast, right combination.
Had the vegetarian pizza with vegan cheese. It was great tasting and full of a variety of vegetables.
We had breakfast, wow was it good. I had charizo and eggs very good, tried the french toast and it was like candy, out of this world good.  We were a big group and the sevice was good, the place is not that big but very good food.
We found Archis to be the \"olive garden\" of Thai reastaurants. The food is fresh but flavorless. It is laughable that they claim to be an authentic Thai restaurant. The service is very cold and distant. There are many Thai restaurants better in Las Vegas.
The food is always good, the service,  not so much. There were 4 of us in the car, the lady taking out orders keep interrupting us and would not let use give her all the complete order. She also keep talking to other people in the store. Add to it all SHE did not get our order quiet right!
Probably one of the worst Chipotles I have ever been to. I've had so many BAD experiences that I needed to write a review. Always running out of guacamole, lemons and even steak! How does that even happen?! Get it together Chipotle!! Never coming back to this location ever again.
Brunch today with hubby and best friends--good food, glad I don't have to fly to ABQ just to get adovada,
So good! A bit expensive, but the selection is great and the atmosphere is very comfortable. A great place to grab some frozen yogurt after a meal on green street or really any time of the day because frozen yogurt is so fantastic.
Cheap Eats Alert! Great comfort food at a great price and a nice staff to boot. Favorites: Honey Pecan Chicken with Broccoli Casserole. Handspun shakes and a real soda fountain. Yum!Yum!
I love going here on a Friday or Saturday night. It's busy and wait is usually 30 minutes. So I just go sit at the bar and have a great meal and chat with the bartender. They give you VIP service and really treat you right.  Not big into chain restaurants but this one worth your time.
Get some late night dessert here and receive free entry to the club. The desserts here are so pretty, that you'll have to take a picture before you take a bite. Too bad the dessert doesn't make up for the lame club there have here afterwards. The music is wack and I just can't dance to wack music.
Chipotle is normally pretty good nationwide. This location is par for the Chipotle course, which is, again, pretty darn good.\n\nWill eat here again. Especially when I'm really hungry and want a huuuge burrito!
My wife and I went for our first visit and were thrilled by the knowledge, passion, and true healing that Dr. Nemanic provided. He instantly diagnosed solutions for problems that have long nagged at us. Wholeheartedly recommend him.
Rate Beer: Fair (where's the hops in the IPA) \nService: Great, very nice   \nAtmosphere: Good.  I like the beer garden.
The clerks here are always pretty friendly. I stop here once and a while to pick up a 6 pack after a long day. The prices are decent for a convenience store.
The \"manager\" (bold hair) was soooooo rude to me. I've never been treated that bad (without a reason!!). It's the worst club I've ever been to!
Stayed there recently, very disappointed in the conditions of the maintenance, particularly on our floor. Room smelled like cigarette smoke, the hallway on our floor and major ripples in it and tear in the rug.  The only positive thing was the strip view. Maid service cut corners at times. Won't be staying here again.
I would not recommend this place. I went in recently for a fill on my acrylics. They don't have the best color selection, the fill took almost 2 hours and within 2 days 2 of the nails had broken!
I'm not sure what these 2 below me are talking about, I've eaten worse... at 5:30am off a cart in a Tiajuana alley.
Had our daughter's 3rd bday party there and it was a big hit with the kids.  Was a bit crazy with all the kids but was great fun! The best part was that I didn't have to clean up after!! The kids loved all the games. Highly recommend to parents of young kids!
good place for cheep tools you plan to use only once since the quality of the tools suck
If I could give them a zero I would, but yelp made me give at least 1 star. Several unreturned phone calls, several \"I'll get back with you\"s and never anything. So disappointing. Don't waste your time.
Skip this place!! Came because of Groupon, but will never go back. Food was subpar. Walked in and nobody seemed to care that we were there. The majority of the dishes were not even labeled. Don't waste your time.
Eh\nInteresting menu, but I found the food to be rather mediocre\nEven compared to the Rock Bottom at Desert Ridge\n\nI do enjoy their happy hour beer though, so 2 stars for a good microbrew!
This place is fantastic authentic Mexican food! The chicken michoacan is delicious. Service was fast and friendly. Highly recommended!!!
like I said before, this place knows how to make a GREAT hazelnut mocha
I found this place through EAT24. an easy online ordering app. I ordered for delivery. I waited over an hour and a half for my food to be delivered. When the subpar food finally arrived it was ice cold. I would not recommend this place.
Free Internet in the Southwest Terminal. Big comfy chairs and lots of them. CNN with the sound on. A Wendy's that sells Frosty's. But really, this airport is a 5 just for the free wireless.
Great sisters! Love how they treat hair and their customers. Best hair cut so far. Love the name of the place too!
What a disaster how this Wal-Mart is run. Out of stock, out dated food products and never enough check out lanes open!
I was really excited to try this place out, but after my recent visit I wasn't a huge fan of the food. It was greasy and not very appetizing. Probably wont be back based on that experience.
Use to go here all the time for lunch. Always crowded at lunch time. Everyone that worked there was very friendly.  Had good fish sandwiches, great fried okra and fried chicken wings (big ones). And yes, it is a hole in the wall.
As good as they get.... outside of Vienna in the 80's. Portland can wait.
The tables are always filthy and sometimes the staff seem like they can't be bothered to deal with you, but the bagels are pretty tasty and they definitely soothe my bagel jones when I'm having cravings.
GREAT! Came in with a flat tire and needed my tires rotated along with an oil change and because I was a first-timer, they did it all for FREE. Great service. Very speedy! Ill be coming here as long as I live in AZ!!!!!
Paul was awesome!  This was a great shop.  Totally down to earth.  So far I had the twister, can't wait to try the other sticks!
Impressed with this casino. It has been updated and though it is very \"smoky\" the restaurants and buffet that is coming soon will make this a great place to stay. The rooms are well designed and upgraded. The pool area appears neat and clean.
This business is closed now.  This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now.
I expected great service, but l left disappointed! My pedicure was rushed and my feet looked exactly as they had when I walked in, after paying $25! I will never go here again!
The minute clinic closed before 2:30 on New Years Eve because they wanted to get out on time. I think that great customer service is taking customers until 2:30 then closing it. I hate that I drove there and wasted my gas to be shut down
One of the better Mediterranean places in Phoenix. Fresh ingredients and good customer service. The cheeseburger with gyros is awesome. Diners drive Ins and Dives material!
The food is good enough.  Great pork.  However I've had sloooooooow service experiences and my biggest complaint is the cost for the amount of food I get.  Not a bad place.  It is just that there are better.  Elmer's anyone?
Absolutely love these classes.  They have classes in the evening  (for all of you working ladies) that are amazing.  With just 3 classes a week, my body has improved drastically. \n Very welcoming and not intimidating at all. :)
Great experience! I tried a facial using a Groupon, and it was one of the best decisions I've made regarding my skin. The owner recommended a product that helped clear up my face over a year ago, and I have benefitted from the results ever since. Just wanted to share my experience for anyone interested in trying this place out.
Great looking place! Waited 25 minuts but only 10 or so dining..... not sure why! Salad was good! Food was o.k! Most was dry and overcooked. The rolls however were outstanking.
I wish I could give them no stars! Service sucks enough said. If it starts out bad it will stay bad. Stay away don't let them ruin your big day!
Great Sonic Blast. I dont get the food because they always screw it up, but their drinks are awesome.
Nice place for breakfast. Good machaca w eggs. Friendly, clean. Didn't try pastries but looked good.
I saw Stephanie today and she was wonderful.  She informed me about all of the products she was using, made small talk, and asked me about my history with hair removal.  Overall, she made me feel very comfortable and relaxed.  The process was really quick; I was in and out in 30 minutes.  I will definitely be back!
Ice cream and helping a cause? What's not to love?\nThe people are welcoming and friendly. Love this place!
I don't know what all the hype is about.  \n\nI ordered the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate.  Holy bland!  I could have kicked myself for forking over $10 for it.\n\nOverrated!!
Stopped for a quick gyro to go, not bad but the cucumber sauce had overpowering garlic added, very bitter and bad taste left in my mouth for hours!\n\nGirl at the register was stunningly beautiful, will return for another try!
Go to in and out. It's across the street, cheaper and tastes WAY better. They don't have combos and the burger alone is 6 bucks. It's good, but I could recreate it at home. The fries - yuck! Very plain. Save your money!
Service issues and not-so-good food... poor service in every way.  Common cant find and pay good people in a casino???
First time and really pleased. Quick, friendly service and a very comfortable environment. I'll definitely be back soon!
My choice of the neighboring locations but wish they could get a handle on repairing their busted machines in a timely manner.  I was beginning to think \"Out of Service\" was a new manufacturer.
My review is based strictly on their mozzarella sticks.\n\nThey are amazing!\n\nOther than that, all I can say is that they apparently have a really good happy hour and it is located in the shops at Planet Hollywood. For a quick  bite and a drink though, I would definitely recommend it.
Found this guy at the right time. Was able to come out at a good time to get my new dryer working.  Didn't jew me either.
I ordered the sea scallops. The portion was too small and the scallops were slightly undercooked. The vegetable accompaniment was sparse!
Great neighborhood yogurt place! They have great favors and toppings, the staff is very nice and there's pizza next door if you're real hungry! Overall great experience and the only frozen yogurt place in the Shea area.
NEVER EVER use this company.  They don't tell the truth - they do lousy work and after hundreds of dollars my lawn has huge dead spots and fungus rings.  Most unprofessional \"manager\" who doesn't know a thing about lawn care. \" Stay away be afraid - very afraid
This place is amazing. I come here at least once a week. Amazing Italian food. The escargot is to die for. Family owned. Everyone is so friendly. Must try
Love, love, love this place! Food is excellent, especially the ranch rings appetizer. Their spicy chicken pasta is delicious and service has mostly been good. Be sure to make a reservation or you may be waiting awhile.
I had the Gyro special and the portion size for the Gyro seemed pretty weak. I'll give this place another try since they just opened and are working out the kinks.
Very good food and service!
Much to our chagrin this location is now CLOSED!! \n\nDrove from SE Gilbert for chili omelette so disappointed!\n\nAt least the other locations are apparently staying open. Guess we'll have to go to Tempe next time we have a craving
Just ate here for the first time this mothers day. The server was knowledgeable, suggestive and friendly. The place is super clean. The food was great! The only reason it didn't get 5 stars was the portion sizes did not make up for the pricing.
I will NEVER eat there again as long as their tyrant general manager Todd is in charge. His treatment of the servers was hard to watch. He is a bully and he frankly turned my stomach. I am going to write a well worded letter to the corporate, no one deserves that kind of treatment.
Not very good.  Soup was cold,  Chicken strips very low quality and not very tasty.  Most waitresses would notice if you didn't eat your $5 bowl of soup and ask if everything was okay, especially if they recommended it.  She didn't.  The vending machine downstairs would be a better choice for lunch.
The few staff I've interacted with have been very pleasant and helpful, and the acupuncturist Matt Wagner has been fantastic at diagnosing and treating my allergies and sinus issues with acupuncture and herbs.  It's too early to say anything for sure but this has been my best spring for awhile!
Caprese salad and bruchetta with spicy salami spread were excellent.  Main course and desert were average, so was the service.  Pretty good, but you can probably do better in Charlotte.
I am really disappointed overall-overpriced for portion of chips which looked like soggy potatoes (not very clean either-they should change the fryers more often). I have been ask to pay extra for mayo?! Really????
My daughter and I went for pedicures. It was very rushed and not very thorough at all. My heels don't look much better. At least my toe nails were reprinted. All of 20 minutes, I was not impressed at all and won't be back.
Just had my bike tuned up, paid $45, and the tires are almost flat.  Seems like they should check the tires for a tune up, its not like they have to change the spark plugs.  Don't go here!
Food was good, fast service.\nI tried the shrimp trio and it wasn't bad. Its nothing special but the atmosphere was nice and relaxing.
It was good, much less syrup would have made it great and not having to wait 30 minutes after we ordered it to finally eat it would have been a huge plus!!!
The Christmas lights were beautiful!!!
Other locations are significantly better. This one sucks balls. Service was good, food was poor. Very dissapointed. Oh well, its Vegas this was just a bad bet.
Love the energy and tranquility. As a student and yoga teacher in training an amazing place to start my yoga journey.
Fast Service, the cashier has a great personality, and the food is great. Our favorite so far is the Benicio Del Porko!
padlocked and closed with an eviction notice taped to the front door.
I love their fish tacos! They make me happy, oh and try the fried avocados, they rock and also the fried ice cream for dessert. For the food I would give more stars but seriously the service is ridiculous. We had to run around looking for the waitress last time just to pay her!
It has changed since before when it was more of a PT's type of setting. The food is good however kinda over priced which all bar food is but the bartenders are kinda rude ... Their pool is kinda lousy as well... All in all it's ok.
Great neighborhood hang out! The food is good, beer is good and  just an all around great place to kick back and have a pint or two! Careful with Trivia night, lots of fun but can get real noisy if you're not into it.
Horrible customer service, I do not recommend:-(
Went last night with my husband on a date! Had a blast. There wasn't a story line but I really enjoyed everything! The sand lady was awesome along  with the wheel of death! Excellent show! -2 stars for no story line, and the  few bland, yawn inducing moments! Otherwise  BRAVO!
We were confirmed for 4 nights but had to check out after the first night due to a bed bug infestation. This hotel is old, smelly and just overall filthy. It needs to be torn down and rebuilt. We will never stay there again.
The best smoked meat in\ntown.  There's often a line but\nthe service is swift.
I highly recommend Java Grounds Coffee House for a nice, relaxing place to enjoy some good coffee. Great selection, awesome lounge and friendly staff.
Terrible!!!!!! greens were burnt bad, had 3 or 4 fairway greens. never again will I go there.
Poor customers service.  They will take an hour to come and pick you up or send you a cab that is smaller than your request.  Basically they suck
I have been going here for at least 15 years, I have seen it grow and expand. By far the best Hawaiian food in town. Others don't come close to the taste and portions that you get here plus the prices are great. I recommend anyone downtown looking for a great place to eat stop in and grab a plate!
The food is very good and the atmosphere is great.
Lunch specials to include soup, egg roll, pot sticker, entree and rice for $7 can't be beat. Food is tasty and entree cooked to order. Servers are attentive. Not fast-food service. This place is a keeper. Pad Thai is exceptional.
Food is fantastic, service was great and love the atmosphere! Sat at the bar one evening during the week and had wine, the Pomo pizza and caprese salad all out of this world! Bartenders were great for wine recommendations and super attentive. Will be a frequent customer here!
Food was good BUT next time I spend $1000 on a meal... I'll go elsewhere.  Very pretentious.
Best place ever! My dog has been kicked out of Petco and a couple other places for misbehaving. They took the time to find a friendly approach to my puppy and it means a lot to me. I think their service, friendliness and timeliness is exceptional. Thank you guys
yeah, not as good as i remembered, now that i've been back a couple of times this year.  get the buffet at Paris or Rio instead..
The cafe is old school Vegas coffee shop. Little smoky and dated but the food was yummy. I had the Hawaiian short ribs and OMG it was delish! Portion was huge. Can't wait to try the oxtail soup one night.
Great if you want cheap sushi and are ok with the poor quality of the fish. They try to put all types of sauces and junk to mask the flavor of the poor quality fish. Most of their rolls are filled with yucky farmed salmon. As usual, you get what you pay for. Customer service is pretty good though.
DUBCHURCH Sunday nights, 'nuff said :)
Average food!! I ordered the chicken taco enchilada plate it was good but nothing special!! My husband ordered the Carne Asada burrito he said it was pretty good!!! Not a bad place to eat!! I want to try the fish tacos next!!
General note to Hilton properties: please stop the square pillow trend with housekeeping. Tucking the pillow case around your thin pillows to provide the illusion of a thicker pillow is not cool. I'm a business traveler and stay on average at two properties/week and it's done at all locales. I'm onto your slippery plan.
I've eaten here 3 times because it's one of the few nicer places in Vegas that's not ridiculously expensive. Always had a great experience. I love the steak with bearnaise, and the trout is delish too. If you eat outside you have a view of the Bellagio fountain show.
okay so the veal was \"good\", but to advertise as good for kids and not have booster or high chairs is a stretch to say the least.
This place is overpriced but given that it's the only market that sells real Japanese goods within the Tempe area, I guess you have the ability to charge whatever you want.  \n\nWhat I do like the best about this place are the authentic Japanese treats (like dango and an-pan)!
The best place in town for a girls day! Love the hot stone, n the citrus scrub, we usually go with at least 3 gals. N we all get in and out together. Lotsa choices in colors n styles.
The special costs twice as much as anything, and it's not so special. Good service. Nice outdoor space. Just don't order the special.
Awesome coffee shop and cafe. Nicest staff and delicious food. Wow - definitely worth a stop every time you are in Verona.
second time here and this was outstanding.  ryan our man of the night was a perfect example of how a waiter handles orders and explained all servings.  it was a treat to go there with family and friends.  thank you for having a perfect waiter.
This is always busy.  It is quality food done quickly.  The rare beef and special combo pho is always a winner.  \nWife loves #24 grilled chicken salad w/vermicelli and egg rolls.  4 year old son kills the egg rolls by himself.
We always get their lunch specials which always come with sooo much! Really like  their panang curry. We always come back for it! Lemon & sesame chicken are pretty good as well. Their pad se ew was \"okay\". It was kind of dry.
The spicey sausage sub is out of this world...legendary restaurant in Montreal. Everything is home made proprietary ingredients which make this place one of a kind...named after a hockey legend Sergio Momesso. I'm straight up addicted !!
Not impressed at all!  Mostly lunch items at breakfast time. Most of the breakfast items were cold and not very well prepared. \n\nBellagio's buffet is MUCH better!
We had our 20th wedding anniversary dinner there (May 2011) and as always : it was delicious. We got also a free drink and dessert.\nNot cheap, but high quality. Each time we are in Las Vegas, we will have 1 dinner there.
We have been very pleased overall with Capri Cleaners, friendly staff, cleaned clothes (just occasionally they put a little more starch than we request) and great pricing.\nHighly recommend!
The service is terrible. There are not enough bartenders nor wait staff!   Was there a change in ownership/management, it sure shows!
was so sad this place was bad i waited for it to finally open and nothing in my family combo was even a little bit memorable. so new and shiney and clean and promising. i am disappointed, back to maryvale for some grub for me.
Don't do it! The food took forever and when my husband's steak finally came (which he had ordered medium rare) it was well-done. They sent it back and the replacement was tar-tar, absolutely raw inside. The atmosphere was lackluster and the entire experience was bad.
Absolutely delicious food and friendly staff. I have never been disappointed. The place could use a little renovation but it is clean and the food is amazing for the price. Also important to note, The times and days it is open are wrong on yelp. For example, It is open on Sunday
I really enjoyed the Thirsty Lion.  We were there as a large group (27) and they did a pretty good job keeping up with us.  The chicken nachos were amazing.  I had the waldorf salad which was really good but the chicken was too peppery, it overwhelmed the salad.
Great for a lunch salad with girlfriends...  if you're not into rabbit food, the pasta lunch specials are tasty too, but be prepared to nap the rest of your workday... :)
I loved going to the Aquarium!  Although, I do not agree with having to pay the full amount for something that is closed off.  The tunnel that the attraction offers was being cleaned today.
Good appetizers and decent wine selection... nice atmosphere. Super fun for lunch...
Its ok, I guess. But it reminds me off chinese food prepared for a mexican clientele. Everything has mexican spices in it. Even the meatballs - WTH? Meatballs are italian. ? But they do carry crawdads year round- but they to have mexican spices in them.
I dont know what people are talking about. Save your time and money, go to Pizza Rock. Service was ok. Margherita pizza was a mockery of that style of pizza. The naked city pizza was ok.
I just wanted bangs and hair thinned. He showed me 2 inches and said he'd take that off. I agreed to the 2 inches, he ended up taking 7 inches and no bangs. $65, not worth it at all. He failed to deliver what I requested for.
We have coffee and order lunch from Baguette Cafe everyday!! Food is always fresh and delicious. The owner Olivier is very sweet and always willing to go the extra mile for his cutomers! I would recommend any of the daily fresh soups..Croissants or fresh juices! Love this place!
It's a mall what do you expect? LOL! \nBut, it's a nice mall for Phoenix (Try going to metrocenter and than tell me how horrible arrowhead is!)
The food is good,a bit on the pricy side for just pasta. I wished they had revised there menu to make it more healthier overall. Very heavy on the calories, which makes me want to visit only once every few months.
Our favorite pizza in Scottsdale!!!!! Consistently great pizza, friendly staff, clean, cozy location.
Terrible service. Mediocre food. Overpriced. Totally disappointed.
Really good deals in here tonight I'll kinds of neat Christmas gift ideas lots of colognes perfumes shoes but he is busy tonight wow what is going on why is it so busy this service is great very helpful.
Slow but friendly service. Excellent chai latte. Relaxed and comfortable atmosphere.
This place is god awful. ..very Americanized german food.the staff is sloppy...if you want cheep German good that is what you'll get
Really yummy place! I'd order from here again. I got the broccoli in garlic sauce, it was spicy but delicious. I also got the Thai basil fried rice and it was great! I wish they had more vegetarian options and that's why I am giving 3 stars.
Definitely a place to bring out towners. Fountain show is a must.  But lately all the shops seem to be closed. What's happening to this place. So much potential. Arizona needs a cool attraction like this especially in the west valley. Please don't let this place fade, keep it kicking.
First time here and food was very, very good....very authentic.
Luv my new nail place! HIGHLY recommend! The have the best gel products and decor is trendy. They do an excellent job with excellent customer service! 5 Star!
Aloha is my favor fro yo spot. The staff is always friendly and gives you little sample cups upon entering. its always very clean and they change their flavors frequently. They have couches and games to play while you eat your yogurt. Really cute place!
Smoker friendly. Terrific Italian menu. Good food, good service, nice decor, sports on 4 televisions. Excellent value.
What a great place!   Took my old truck i am selling there for a detail inside and out and wow, did they impress.  Not only is my truck look like new but they cleaned the engine and went above and beyond to buff out some scratches and make the truck look like new.
Very nicely located and great service.\nGot a sports massage here after a run and loved it.
#cancelthisshow might have just put on her CD with backup dancers.  Very sad and the crowd managed to make a bad show even worse ; save your money, don't go.  I've never been to a show where 30% would have walked out in the middle of it.
Best meal so far.  Beautiful Casino. M
Very impressed with the practical advice that Island Life uses and advises by. First choice in maintenance and service recommendations.
This place is alright the service wasn't great and they messed my order up and took a while to correct it, let's put it this way I'm probably never going to go there again
This is a great neighborhood coffee house. Family owned and friendly. Best pastries around!! And their coffee is better than the close competition. They also have delicious cold brew iced teas every day. It's a great spot to relax on a hot afternoon. I love the friendly laid back atmosphere.
I tried all the dishes yelp said to order and couldn't finish anything. Everything was too salty to consume.  \nI gave them two stars because the dessert on the other hand was great. I make back once just to have dessert but probably would never come back again.
They've got a great 2 for 1999 special food is good good BBQ and the special easily will fill you up and to pay for that price you wil most definitely come back for more
This UPS should not even get 1 star... They do not know the meaning of what customer service is... I'm still waiting to hear back from somebody with \"authority\" to call me back; it has now been a week...
Standard hookah bar. Crowded. Looked like they had picked up random pieces of furniture from Goodwill that I was afraid of getting bedbugs from.
DON'T STAY HERE. room was not clean had coke bottle and spit cup with cig but ts in it and read of urine.  Crack head central. Canceled reservation and found another place.
Stopped in for a Thai tea to go so good luck on the food. Hope it's delish!
Service needs a lot of improvement. Ordered to go at 7pm, got food at 7:40. Thank goodness we decided to stay and eat because they got our order wrong. No apology given.  Won't be coming back for sure.
Cool concept and low prices. I was expecting the cookies to be soft baked so that was kind of a let down. The sandwiches are hard to eat as is and ended up just using a spoon. Anyway, cute place to try when you want ice cream.
Long unneCessary waits sometimes!\n ..... Poor customer service.  Which leads me to believe, unsanitary practices are being performed here possibly. Avoid this place if u want
nice a lot of tvs to watch hockey game. Service dog friendly. They asked if we needed a water bowl for my service dog. Thank you but against the rules.
Favorite bar restaurant in town. After a hectic day at the office great place to hang out and grab a beer or two. Atmosphere is also kid friendly, my boys love it! Especially all the sports channel's you guys offer for my sports fan family.
Great steaks.  Good drinks.  Excellent service.  Second best view in Vegas.
Fresh delicious creations. Love the planked Salmon! A masterpiece. Worth every penny.
Decent place for lunch but high competition in the area, the place is ok for a decent lunch if the line at Kazu is too long
I love that this place gives you a pass to eat all day. It was a decent good food buffet but it definitely is not your fancy 5 star dining experience.
Since their recent remodel this place is the pits! Horribly slow service, combined check out and return lanes and terribly understaffed!  May as well shop at Walmart.... Same level of service for less money!
The tint looks fantastic! Professional environment and friendly staff. This company is changing the tint industry. No more sketchy \"garage shops\".
Expensive drinks and you feel like your sitting in the carpark. 8 bucks for a small jar of Guinness and auto gratuity on a table of 10 of us and we're just drinking. Rip off.
Summary based on 1 rental at the LAS location:\n--Fastbreak booth, but not manned, leading to long wait at garage booth\n--better price than Hotwire\n--ok service, though slow\n--good car\n--no upsell. Yay!
Doesn't return calls. Not a huge deal, but doesn't rate five stars on yelp either.
Good for Altar bar. But they didn't have fries....
This is a review for the coffee bar only. The worst latte I have ever had in my life, several times I have gone here and im always sad for expecting it to get better.
Best restaurant in town. Seriously. Every time I'm amazed. The scallops will make you cry joy. It's all amazing.
Excellent quick service and best real chicken anywhere. Nuggets to die for with no grease.
wanted to do unnecessary repairs. I know they cater to a more wealthy clientele than myself; however, the estimate was close to $5000.  The Blue Book is $5000.  Another station in the area did the NECESSARY repairs and my car is running great.
Nice setup, hard to find a parking spot, and the food, too american to be consider real Asian food especially the Pad Thai, terrible!  Need I say more. Other restaurants in the area that are so much better in so many ways.
I love this place. The kimchi chigae is awesome and the lunch prices are amazing.
Great banana muffin!  :) spinach benedict was good but too much hollandaise sauce. I forgot to ask them to put them on the side.  Coffee good. Glad they have the flavored creamer (just ask for it)
Have to bring this down.  Place was cool, but the staff became really sh*tty.  I so like the food, but geez, it's smile or something.
Best pizza in charlotte just like ny sytle, i order the 24 inch pie real big cheese only this place only makes cheese pizza good i never order toppings with my pizza at tonys.
They have great service at this location, and they never complain and give me a hardtime when i ask for 20 hotsauce and 5 buttermilks.
The food is good but let's be serious, you come for the dessert.  Try the Top Hat.
They DO NOT deliver.....
we love costco but i have to say the one on pavillion center dr. is laid out pretty badly...it is so discombobulated....we have used others when living out of state that were much better laid out....this one doesn't allow for easy traffic flow....
The pizza these guys make is fantastic. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere nice a chill. These guys are vegan friendly which is a plus.
It's a fun pub, usually full of hen and stag parties.\n\nIt's probably more expensive than what you would normally find on Cowgate but definitely rowdier and more \"loose\" than what you would find on Grassmarket.
I go into this sprouts on a regular basis and I have never had a bad experience.
Always messing something up! No cheese..comes with cheese! Order fries..get no fries! Sugar cookies? Don't even ask after 8pm! Get it together!
Convenient location and makes for a quick shopping experience. \n\nThis Walmart is spacious, clean (yes!), and it has a pretty fast checkout. They are always well stocked. The employees are friendly.\n\nWhat more can I say?
Not gun friendly!
Went for happy hour with a friend tonight.  Food was good, risotto she had was amazing.  Good service, but soggy buschetta.  Pretty good wine for a decent price.  Customer service was a priority to all who were working.  I like it.  Cool atmosphere.\nBed time.
the burgers were the same as any fast food place. it had a nice atmosphere, but the food left much to be desired.
Great food. I had the Mesa burger and it was cooked perfectly. My fianc\u00e9 had the tuna on mini crackers which were very appetizing and tasty. My friends are said that their respective lunches were really good too. The interior is really modern and interesting.
They spin a wheel every half hour which will tell you what their drink special is! I had $5 margaritas! Yum!
Family loves this place.\nMy personal Fav is the Salmon Dip app.\nThe ribs are great.\nLove the different dips.....
Terrible food! Terrible!!! Over priced diner food. Dry, chewy, garbage. Super suburban restaurant that tries to be silly and fun but it's just generic and terrible. If I had 20 thumbs they'd all be down.
This place is dirty. Worst customer service ever. We called room service and we never seen them. We stayed in room 308 for 4th of July. The room was smelling real bad. The bathroom was very dirty and mods around. Dont spend your money here. I have pictures of the room and I will upload them if it let me.
The breakfast burritos are very good.  Everything else I've tried hasn't been as good as the Filoberto's on Arizona Ave and Ocotillo.
Really sorry soggy tasting no season imitation tasting fish and shrimp. I wouldn't feed this to my dog. It was very very very poorly prepared and No seasoning! Even after I added salt and pepper the taste did not improve!!!very bland taste. Do Not waste your time or money!
The flowers and arrangements at Campus Flowers are beautiful! Tina is so personable and talented. I LOVE that so many stuffed animals are in the store just in case. The bouquet my boyfriend got me for Valentines day was the prettiest I have ever seen! Great value and customer service, I definitely recommend them every time!
We had The West Coast and 2 Hot Chocolates and Maple Baci  Waffle.    Everything was absolutely delicious we will definetly be back... I wish they had a patio to smell some fresh air and open later like midnight.  The staff was cool!!!
Just stopped in for a late night snack around 10pm. They had so many good looking pastries, so I went for a Napolean. YUM! One of the best I've ever had. Didn't get to try the coffee or tea, next time!
My girlfriends and I had such a blast here. The men do have their clothes on more then off but that's ok they were amazing no matter what. The best part is how much they interact  with the audience and how funny the show is. Definitely  go with your  girlfriends let loose and have fun.
We went here last Sunday and had Happy Hour on the patio. Beers were buy one get one free and they had several appetizers for $5. We had the bruchetta, spinach & artichoke dip and a pizza. Everything was okay, nothing to write home to mom about, but we had a good time.
It's a nice little airport.  The TSA staff was very friendly and kind.  They have a couple of restuarants with local beer once you are through serecuity.
Lady had the lemon chicken paillard and I had the seared sea scallops. One of the most memorable and delicious meals we have had together. This was 3 years ago.
I was really excited to go here for dinner but it was not as good as everyone hyped it to be.. i had the chicken dish and a salad as a starter.. but u do have to say the desserts were reallly good.
I've lived in the southside for 3.5+yeArs and was never fortunate to eat at O'leary's. More like wake up in time to enjoy breakfast food. We came in and ordered the specials and within 10-15 minutes we had our meals and sides. Great breakfast food
Amazing!! if you are visiting the area you must try this place!!! the food was great and the atmosphere was cool!
Forefathers has a great atmosphere and even better food. The steak with OMG and fry sauce is amazing. Be warned though, the large is LARGE. Go hungry and you'll leave happy.
Ate here for dinner while visiting my best friend in LV and the food was wonderful! The bartender even made my boyfriend a drink that she had never heard of.  I am sure this will be another favorite on my list of places to eat while in LV.
Just what i neede for my hangover... Some hot hangover soup! Got me back into shape to party hard on saturday.  Nice clean restaurant with very nice staff.. I would visit again!
I'm disappointed at the loss of lesbo vibe, but the new vibe is more cheerful. Drink specials are sweet. I prefer to come here alone, but maybe I should just stop bringing straight people. The bartender is funny, which is rare these days.
Great sushi
Drove by, they are closed :(
Shell is the one brand that I continue to come back to regularly.  This location is convenient to the Library and the stores over on FLW.  I find that I've started to price shop and Shell is still one of the places the does well.  If you live in the NoSoo area the only competitor is Circle K.
Ordered the crayfish, shrimp, sausage, and rice. The crayfish were small and I mean small, there were barely anything left on it to eat. The shrimp was good. The sauces weren't to over powering as well.
Worst Shit I have ever been to in my life there was 1 hour wait for valet parking then there was a 3 hour wait to register then didn't even allow me to use my military discount ... I will never come here again I will tell all my friends about the bullshit they pulled .
Tasteless burger\nTasteless soup\nHard chicken in the Cesar salad\nGiving one star cuz the water was cold in the bottle we ordered.\nThe plase look washed up and so is the crew running it.\nSave your money and try elsewhere
Horrible service!  Walked in and was told there was a 10-15 minute wait. Sat down and saw people getting seated that came in after I did. Walked up and the hostess. She said, sorry you're next. The service sucks here. Night was ruined before I got my food.
such a cute place to explore all the M&M's!!!! it's 4 stories, huge place, fun! :)
Ordered the combo plate, very good! The meat was very seasoned. \nHowever, no potatoes included
Excellent Sushi. Fresh and friendly staff. Good value for AYCE.  The bar is the place to eat.  Don't order the rolls, just have the skilled chefs make their favorites for you. Awesome.
watch replacment was great
thirsty thursdays= $1 Miller Lights! they have great specials every day though.
Company was sent out through home warranty and they did a horrible job. I was worried as I saw all the other reviews confirming my concern. They didn't repair the job and then made it worse we had to call another pool company to fix their problem.
bleh at best... i really wouldnt give the food any better ratings then outback... the only highlight of this meal was the service... they, i have to admit were really good. id save your money and go somewhere that actually has good food.
Slow service. Waited 15 minutes without just a bowl of chips and no order taken. One server on a Sunday wasn't a good idea. Headed elsewhere.
Pamela is a bad representation of this location! Attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this \"employee.\" I will not return.
Very inexpensive happy hour menu but the staff wasnt very friendly. I wouldnt suggest this place to someone new to eating sushi.....very faced paced environment
Love this casino!  On the small side compared to the big guys on the strip - but it feels like old Vegas only updated!  Love the vibe!!!  \n\nI stayed in a renovated room - very nice.  Will come again.
This place has the cutest clothes! Always on trend and great pricing. The only complaint about this location is its organization, it needs to be layed out better!
This place is a joke. Slow service cold food and it's like they took courses in airline catering out back. Beware. 5 star raters are from Midwest
For a Vegas strip restaurant, this is actually a really good deal. The food is great, maybe the best Mexican on the strip and the prices aren't bad, especially considering the location. The tequila selection is fantastic.
Horrible service. Waitress didn't understand the order. Dirty. No paper towels in bathroom. They didn't wash their cups before they gave them to us. Had nasty residue on the bottom. Disgusting never coming here again.
Saw this show in November 2008 with a group of friends.\n\nAll I can say is \"Awesome!!\"\n\nI can even say I'm not a huge Beatles fan (please don't kill me, I'm being honest) and I really enjoyed this show.
Newest update The owner here is charging .60 for a stinking refill that costs him 2 to 3 cents. I don't know what this guy is thinking. Greed, Greed, Greed!!!!!
Frank and Fred are the best... I bought both my cars with these guys and they also service them too... No hassle auto sales!!!
I probably should have reviewed this place before having those three irish car bombs....
We will never be back again. The food was disgusting. My yellow curry look like snot and tasted about the same. Didn't know you could mess up yellow curry. I couldn't even eat my meal. :(
3 stars because the service was absolutely terrible.  The food was delicious.  If service was good then I would have given 5 stars.
Just spent the week at Paris la's Vegas. We had dinner at their buffet everything. I tried was luke warm and over cooked and very very very bland.  I would skip this one for sure!
Atmosphere is obnoxiously loud and bright with the overhead lights and the blaring TVs. Burgers were good, but nothing about makes them stand out amongst all the $$$ burger joints. Service was slow.
Great food. Good prices and great location!
Fantastic food! It's all your favouries with a twist! Best Restaurant pulled pork ever! It is covered with a great cajun coleslaw! Just fantastic! You will be a regular too!
Mom & Pop run restaurant with plenty of space inside, a covered patio, and great food. The fare covers breakfast, lunch and dinner. It's delicious! Artful presentation and served hot. \nThe variety in the menu goes the extra mile; they really put heart and soul in their cooking.
My pizza was just right! Pan tossed, original sauce, cheese, black olives, and red onion. It was done on time and ready for pick up. I had to wait a little bit for someone to come from the back, but it wasn't really a problem, I will order from here in the future.
Getting old ! There are plenty of solid alternatives for pizza in montreal so one must constantly be on top his game in order to remain relevant. Service also requires a review and basic pleasantries are lacking here. I give it 2 stars as I have had good pizza here in yester years and I hope this place can turn it around.
Wow. What a disappointment. Dirty plates, coffee was horrible and the water tasted like linen. Never come here.
As much as I want to like this place the last couple of times I've been there the coffee has ended up tasting like cardboard so I had to update my review. I can make a better cup at home. I still like the location and the staff friendliness, just not the coffee.
Le Thai is one of our frequent happy hour spots. My boyfriend and I live downtown Las Vegas   and Le Thai is one of our favorites. I always get the waterfall beef its quite delicious;) Great food and good prices.
The woman who does the waxing here does do a fabulous job! Thanks for the reviews ladies. She did a really fast and thorough job and the price was affordable too! She even let me have the magazine I couldn't seem to put down :)
Their burgers, while nothing to write home about, are good. However, Sonny's has, hands down, the best fries I have ever eaten. Fresh cut, big portions, absolutely amazing. I have never been disappointed when eating at Sonny's.
It seems a rarity to find a Japanese restaurant owned and operated by Japanese. Well Musashi is one such place. The menu is not the Americanized and that is worth three stars alone. Good authentic menu, service and food!
It's cheap, processed, nothing facy fish and chips spot. You get what you pay for. That special sauce people rave about, don't be fooled it's nothing spectacular. If I wasn't so broke, I'd eat @ Knock Kneed Lobster
DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE! The Better Business Bureau has an F for this company. They lost my carry-on suitcase between the airport and the hotel, and they NEVER responded to even acknowledge the loss. We should all spread the word about these misconducts, and stop this consumer bullying.
Unless you have a coupon, give it a try. Not impress with the burger's. Good beer specials. Great for large groups.
From an american point of view, It was like a gooey quesadilla with ham and cheese in it.  The french fries are spectacular.  I think Montreal just owns fries in general.  I need to go back to try the dessert crepes.
Best place in town for wing's. Good family restaurant. They always have something new to offer. You will always get service with a smile :-) Babs
SUCKS.    Dont know what I hate worse about this particular Walmart, the employees, the fact that there is NEVER enough check out open, or the face they have less to choose from than any of the other walmarts I visit.  parking is awful too!
Red ruby tuna appetizer was clutch! Be sure to sign up for the Mug Club. amazing beer selection.
Good sandwiches.  Busy around 12.
Great hotcakes. No so great wait.  The hotcakes are worth trying, but there are other places in Pittsburgh that have much shorter waits that I prefer.
Bought an apple pie and it went moldy in two days. Brie was expensive and the worst tasting I've ever had.
This one is a gas station. A great place to fill up your gas tank and pick up some snacks or drinks. Prices aren't the greatest but hey great name recognition and they have a large selection. The cashier is your usual 7-11 cashier, don't expect him to be friendly or even shoot the breeze with you.
I've been multiple times and it is always great. Really friendly staff and even better food. I highly suggest the tomato and goat cheese omelet!!!
Don't waste your time. Owner does not know how to run business, very poor services.
Decent enough, I would return. Definitely more friendly for takeout/delivery than dining in.
Awesome food. Real meat hamburgers. Cheer wine and ice cream great idea.
Very sad food quality here.  The yoshi in central Phoenix is phenomenal, but this airport location is nor worth anyone's time.
Open 24 hours and always consistent.  Machaca burrito, California burrito, and Carne Asada fries are my \"go-to\" dishes.
They have good fish & chips when you are in the mood for  unheathly fare. When you want a great salad try the Fountains Salad.  Try their soda bread - its really good.\n\nUpdate - 2011 - this place is now closed.
Cute place. Full menu. Food was a little cold. Coffee was good :)
Calling Rice Paper a Vietnamese restaurant is like calling Panda Express a Chinese Restaurant. Enough said.
Lately every time we have came the inside tables all day reserved, yet there is never anyone ever sitting at the tables. Because of this we have left twice for this inconvenience of service
Unorganized,\nI bought food from the snake shop & there aw sent a place to sit down.\nEmployes told me to complain to management.
This place was dead when we arrived 9AM on Monday. \n\nBut like the Dunn's in Ottawa this place serves breakfast food 24/7 and the portions are big, two of us ate from omelet order.\n\nAtmosphere was great and since they weren't that busy service was excellent.
Stopped by while traveling in the area. GREAT place, family run busienss, meet the owner and her son. Took the 90 min session with Sarina, WOW one of the best. Really a First Class place
I definitely prefer to support the locally based economy.  But, $3 for a single cup of black coffee is a little much to ask...  Aside from that, it seems like a very nice little place.
The bartender was very rude. I asked him to fix a drink that was bad and he told he wouldn't fix it that I should just get something else. The server wasn't really sure what was on happy hour. No manager was alerted about my disservice.
If I could give this less than a star a would. It was disgusting. Everything was stale and cold, the egg rolls were hard as a rock and the vegetables were slimy. The only thing decent was the service. We asked for our money back and they drove back to give it to us which was very nice.
This will be short and sweet!\n\nThis Walmart is always very busy. Its clean and fully stocked. Cheap prices but every time I go its an experience....I mean it's Walmart so I got exactly what I expected.
worst service ever!!!! :(
Horrible take on wings. Horrible pairing with blue cheese. So dissatisfied.
Meh.  There's so much better food and service out there in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  We tried this place again, only to be disappointed by the small portions and very poor service.  Our third time here was not a charm!
Food was fantastic had the paneer tikka masala, service was great, never needed to ask for drink refills. Nice place not too loud.
Truly an exceptional experience. From the Kung Pao Calimari which was perfectly spiced to the Strip au Poivre everything was perfect can't wait to go back again when I'm in Scottsdale
Lets just say that they are the reason I don't eat Chinese food anymore.  There was a hair in my cum like sauce. barf. . .  I can't do it anymore.
Spent 16+ on my food; got half and a flat soda. Terrible.
We have the unlimited washes for $16.95.  They debit your card each month and it is easy to cancel if you want to...it's a good deal if you go once or twice a week. The vacuums are strong and work good.
The food was awesome... the service was not so good. I know it was slow but overall it seemed like the staff did not care about what was going on.
The breakfast was wonderful!!
Great store, excellent customer service. Pretty neat and clean considering the area. They really know what they are doing, also provides sevices for NV corporations. Unlike most others, takes the time to thoroughly go through process with you and keep you up to date with requirements!
While the food was delicious, a few things take away from the experience. BYOB is not ideal. Additionally, the dining area is somewhat crowded and noisy due to the tight space. I really like the menu and the unique offerings, but the other things I mention limit me rating this restaurant higher.
It's over rated. Thought my daughter would get a kick out of the place but she was over it as fast as we got there.
Food is awesome! Service is great! Atmosphere is very nice! I am very glad I tried this place. I will definitely be back. The fish and chips were amazing, the flaming chorizo they bring to the table as a starter was wonderful and wow so was the beef espetada!!!
A nice restaurant, with the details of a fine dining restaurant and the atmosphere of a relaxed stylish lounge. \n\nThe food is great and offers unique culinary dishes and the view of the strip makes the dining experience even more enjoyable.
If your looking for pricey upscale Thai, and not so much authentic, this is the place for you. Unfortunately I had the seafood curry that woke me up about 5 hours later with a bad stomach ache.
Poutine at it's absolute best!
This location is clean and very convenient for the bluegreen resort, next door.
Omg I just tried this place for the first time today and it was amazing! I only had a few small bites before coming to the conclusion that this is some great BBQ!! I am so glad I found this little treasure! I will most definitely be back again, again and again!!
I have been a patron for years, but I think I'm done.  The food here is great, but the service is lousy.
Don't eat here the chicken smells so bad and they don't even use romaine lettuce in their salad. Glass of Cabernet was from an open bottle tasted so flat! And even when we complained they didn't offer ANYTHING else... $20 salad is better at Mastro's
It's funny to review a library branch, but...this place is cozy, beautiful, and has a great selection. People of all ages hanging out in the various hangout nooks, reading or quietly congregating. Great teen area, great librarians and staff.  Bright, airy space - wonderful.
Best Greek food I have had.  Ingredients are fresh and full of flavor.  My favorites are the falafel pita and Greek salad.  Service and food are both top notch for affordable prices.  Good vegetarian options as well.
We were here with a very big group of people, so service was naturally slow. But the place has a good price/performance, the food is good, and the location in the old town is nice. 3+
Good prices, cheap gas, but I wouldn't trust the meat here.
OK sandwiches served by real life Beavis and Buttheads
Highly recommend getting your tint done with them. Have used them on many different cars and the quality is great!
This place sucks. The service is horrible. The hostess this evening (Feb 11) was horrible: rude and detached. The Manager was worse. Do not patronize this restaurant unless you have money to burn and time to kill.
This TB is in need of a serious remodel or just demolish & rebuild.  Food & staff are fine; the facility is horrible and very HOT in the late afternoon Phoenix sun.
I have never really enjoyed Cafe Istanbul. From the attitude from the staff (catch them on a bad day and they're downright rude) to how insanely difficult it can be to even get new coals, I'd just rather go somewhere else with my friends.
One of the better ones in town. Quick, friendly, consistent quality.
This is a very nice little restaurant. You could find yourself talking with the owner more than likely.  Nice way to serve up a pizza. Very friendly place
Delish!!! Their sticky buns are really good and they have a yummy assortment of baked goods.
They have a lot of clothes and good shoes.  Definitely one of the better racks I have been too.
I dont know if I am always going to the post office at the worst times or what but there is always a long long line!  They had hardly any packaging envelopes or boxes out.  I did not stand in line, I went to the do it yourself computer. much faster.
As good as yogurtland.  Fresh toppings!
Food is below average.\nThe service is so rude that words can't describe it.\nSee other reviews on rude service. Is true !!\nPrices are way too high for quality of food and service.
Been coming here regularly for a year . This is the worst managed paradise in the valley. Never enough staff or cashiers so the wait is worse than the salad line. Hard to believe I know.\nThe bathrooms are really never well cleaned either.
This place has the nastiest pork sandwich.  It didn't taste right  at all. It was dry. I'll be going back to hue thai
Great outdoor patio and good vibe. Warm and friendly staff.
Fabulous crossfit gym. The community here can not be matched. These people and gym will truly change your life!!!\nCoaches are great and the space is awesome with childcare available!! Awesome!! Thanks for all y'all do!!
6 days no response from the hotel called talk to security promised me they would get back to me the following day and here we sit no response
Service here is okay. Its typical asian service... meaning you have to ask for more water or tea. Food here is good. I had some roll that they used squid instead of rice which was very good and their udon is also amazing.
Awesome food! Their walnut shrimp is addicting. They are always fast, courteous, and my food is always super fresh. The staff is awesome, always really kind.
I only comes in once a year for my birthday specials.  The menu prices here are fairly high and super expensive for my taste.  But I do enjoy the way they cook and prepare your food.  Good place for \"actual\" fresh hot food.
I liked this place.\nFun vibe, didn't feel overly crowded for a Saturday night, and most importantly for me... it didn't feel pretentious!
Slow service, guac made at your table that tastes like plastic and so so food.  We gave it a couple of tries but won't be back.
Just \"OK\". I prefer Lalibela Ethiopian Cafe. Had the chix tebbs; meat was rather dry. The injera was good, nice atmosphere, quick & polite service. IMO, the food tasted like Westernized Ethiopian food. Won't come back.
The IPA was OK.  I've had better, but it was nice to be able to grab a quality beer without it having a super inflated Vegas price.  \n\nThis place is super small and inside a mall, so it's not the typical brewery that you think of when you think of a brewery.
Update.  The last two times I have dined here the manager has been very visible - out on the floor talking with diners, assisting servers where needed, greeting guests when they enter.  I had dinner with a co-worker / friend last week and the manager stopped by to say hello and ensure that we had a great evening.
Really dark. Very hard to see in this place. Funny part was every guest asked if they made sushi. Lol. Food was ok. I had the curry but it was more like a gravy and not curry sauce. Also had pad Thai which was good but way too too much sauce.
Sports bar wanna be. Food was cold and so so flavor. Had the Hail Mary burrito which was nothing special, just ground taco meat and the usual veggies wrapped up in a flour shell.  Waiter didn't seem to interested.  Not a happenin' place.
Meh.  Got the french toast - perhaps it's just because people raved about it that I was disappointed, but found it soggy, SO overly sweet and thought the bananas tasted rubbery.  Would go for eggs next time.
Best church ever. So traditional! Very small and great church goers. This is my church forever!!! Jesus loves me :) (teehee)
Decided to try this place again hoping the lady had a bad day prior. Guess what same RUDE service as the last time! Plus it's so hot in here with no air conditioning! Worth driving up to the W. Charleston location. No wonder we were the only ones there!!
Excellent Beer on tap! This place is a Local brewery my favorite is the Sun Brew. Hawaiian BBQ Pizza is delicious. Good atmosphere, staff is super friendly, great service. Locals are friendly. I will be back to watch football!
If you girls and guys wanna get your hair done this is the place to go  When it comes to hair extensions, ombr\u00e9 hair, cut and styles these people are amazing  check them out you will  them
Amazing food. I was scared walking in. Looked like a whole in the wall. I told my friend who brought me if I didn't like it it would affect our friendship.  Best breakfast I've had in pittsburgh. My new choice
Service was fantastic down to every small detail. Patio is the place to sit if you can. Bread basket is the best I have tasted. Bone-in Ribeye with smoked blue cheese was amazing. Great wine list. This place can't be beat!
Michael Moore of 24/7 Las Vegas Notary was outstanding in his dedication to make sure I had a notary at my home at 6:15 AM due to a telephonic court case I had with Florida.  I highly recommend calling Michael when you need someone to be prompt and professional.
Don't let the appearance fool you. Great food, huge portions. The fish tacos were very tasty. Their carne asada is hard to beat.
There is very limited seating in each theater and if you get the bottom 1/3 you might as well leave or risk a stiff neck for days having to look straight up. The food court is really mediocre & expensive, the snacks here are stale popcorn and flat soda.
The food here is garbage....Del Taco is better!  Bad service, VERY noisy!  LONG wait! Cramped inside.To top things off, there was an old BUSH bumper-sticker in the lobby! Are you kidding me??
I ate in here on 12-26-14  and my food was cold. When I complained the owner told me to eat it or leave . He told me  that he was tired of me returning food.  The only problem is, This was my first time dining here.  I chose to leave.  The owner iS rude
One of the most friendliest service and great food! Also, go there often!
Really bad food. Got stomach ache the next day after eating the thai fried rice! Yuckkkkkk
Amazing service. I am glad I went to this place and got a great deal with a groupon ad for my infinti G37.
Awesome buffet, huge variety of food and almost all is delicious, this is my second favorite buffet in Vegas. I would kill for some of there egg benedicts right now. Should try this place once and I'm sure you'll come back.
Great facility! Amazing staff! Dion assisted me and he was so professional! I will be joining this gym! So much to do there! I simply loved racket ball!
Great prices. Lovely attention to details like warmed up lotion, a beautiful bathroom and smooth music. \nHighly recommend \"brian\" whose hands were warm, soft and strong all at the same time. The hour just passed too quickly ;)
This Monical person is only really good at making average pizza. The highlight of my pizza experience was the fact that they put a lot of mushrooms on my pizza. The Mozerella sticks were sorely lacking and the huge chocolate chip cookie I bought was pretty good. If you're looking for some average pizza, this is the chain to visit.
bring your oxygen mask. there is a lot of lung cancer,smelly smokers
I'm giving a 5***** review for one reason:  Poutine.  If you're French Canadian, Liberty is the spot for one of the best comfort foods ever.  Cheese curds, braised beef cheek and porcini gravy.
Great food, awesome price, great service...it's funny cut its hidden so well in the area it's in, I've passed this place and never knew about these awesome burgers
Best drive through tacos in the area. 4 just because I haven't had anything better in the south Scottsdale area east of 64th
My friend and I showed up for Easter brunch only to be turned away.  They just said we have no openings, did not say when next available time would be.  Disgusting regard for customers,  I've never felt so insulted.
My favorite thing about Town Square has to be Yogurtland. Hands down!
Get the steak and cheese sub with mushrooms
The food was terrible, arrived cold, and was nothing like the sister restaurant in Reno. I don't understand. Cafe Milano in Peppermill Hotel was so good. This was... well terrible!\n\nThe service was slow, out food was over salted and arrived cold, and we just hated it. Not coming back!
I like the place inside nice designed,  I ordered soltani it was good, mahicheh was good too my partner ordered. .definitely I will come back here
The food is very generic. \"Breakfast served all day long\" but they're only open until 2pm. I mentioned my yelp check-in for a free coffee twice and they didn't take it off my bill. I won't be back.
Hard to believe there's no meat in these dishes. Had the roti as an appetizer it was my favorite amongst everything we ordered! We also had the general Zhao n crispy beef, we practically finished general Zhao n packed the remainder of the crispy beef. The crispy beef tasted even better the next day!
Not bad for a Korean restaurant in Vegas. Serving portions and taste of the food were satisfying. Of course nothing beats korean food in Los Angeles but for this town at least there is Jun's when I am craving.
This place is grossly overpriced.  Not even worth the time to write a detailed review.  If you like being ripped off go here.
All coffee experts at Starbucks are friendly, and this one is no different.  Very quick and friendly - always nice to grab a quick drink before browsing the Target store for purchases.
Avoid at all costs, especially if flying USAir. Customs was worse than JFK. THIS IS NOT the airport for international connecting flights. Completely understaffed for an excessively busy Sunday. Worst combination of southern efficiency and northern charm. Better to go through Miami.
Food is really good, but sometimes one of the waitresses (same one every time) \"kills\" our good experience there. The rest of the staff are great, this particular girl is always forgetting/not paying attention/messing up the order.
Pros: Really cool Soda machine. Very friendly people. \n\nCons: Have yet to get my order correct. Just one request, no caramelized onions.
Jerk Chicken Rice Bowl - takeout\nI went over lunchtime.  My order took over 15 minutes to fill.  I'd give a lower rating, but the food is tremendous.  I'll definitely be back.  The place closes at 8PM.
My all time favorite sandwich shop in Arizona!! All the sandwiches I've ever gotten have not lacked in meat and sauce -without being too saucey- Seriously bomb!! I highly recommend the Sky Harbor!
Well... came for a late lunch here after a trade show... probably not the best time to experience the place. While the food was not bad, it was far from memorable.
Good food - love the sushi here. The space is cool and big as well.
This place has the best pick a meat salad EVER!!! I personally pick the chicken, and the dressing is perfect! This is truly a hidden treasure. I had no idea it existed and now, I can't stop!
Tint is essential in arizona. I've been burnt in the past but not at Cactus Window Tint.  Amazing job!!   Call and ask for Rick.  Great service, really knows his tint!!  WOW!
Dr. Cruz is no longer there.  I called to see if she returned from her \"indefinite\" leave and was told she was no longer there so now I start again with a whole new physician and office.
Expensive yes, but you see and can learn loads of history regarding the royal family.
Great happy hour!! awesome food!!
We had a pleasant time atmosphere was nice and the server was very attentive. Wasnt overly impressed with the food, but did enjoy the beet goat cheese salad and the French onion soup however. All and all I would go back but probably  just for apps.
Awesome place. Great rooms.
The place was nice.  We sat at the window by the outside tables, so we were inside but feeling like we were outside.  =)  I ordered the chicken torta lunch with french fries.  It was ok.  Nothing to dance around about.  The service was ok too.  So so....
Very friendly staff, super cheap laptops, televisions and $1-3 dollar DVD's, if you want your bang for your buck!
Shared the saut\u00e9ed mushroom and hummus appetizer. Not bad. Different concept. Cute presentation but the service...... So slow. A cool place to chill at and have a beer though.
HH: Good drinks but food options were so-so\nBreakfast:  The food was ok, waitress was confused with our request to substitute pork with chicken...
Well, ever since Mr. Willy's closed I can no longer recommend their Cajun food.  I called to make an order and they never answered,  So we went over there and the door was locked.  How do they expect to stay in business if they keep going out of business?  Sheesh!
Good frozen yogurt! Good customer service! They seem to always have a variety of flavors and toppings. \n\nI always end up going with the tart flavor and a variety of fruit toppings.... or mochi
It's okay. I used to love their BBQ chicken salad but not really at this location. Something was lacking. I give it 3 stars for their salmon. Def yummy
Service was good. Clam chowders are delicious but oysters were a let down. They were different sizes and flavors. I also wouldn't order the crab legs.  They were pretty average. There is a dish (called roasted crab with sauce?) that is very good.  I would recommend that and the chowders.
My usual car reccomended this place when my work schedule changed. Super nice folks. Fast and quality work for a great price. It's nice to see people willing to take the time to do the job well. They also handled the chips in my windshield super fast and warranty the repairs.
Whole Paycheck prices, over $400 for a small cart of food is absurd!  Vitamin products are full retail prices in most cases, buy online and you can save 50%!  Wayne Gorsek
this was highly recommanded from a good friend of mine, he said that this is one of the best steakhouses to visit in vegas so we had to give it a try....but this is not a fair review because we dined at cut two night before...
This was the worst burger I have ever eaten in my life.  It was way overcooked - dry - like leather.  I couldn't be paid to eat here again.  I really don't understand the high reviews.
The worse club I have ever been too...  I never pay for a club, but here it was a 10 dollar cover.  The music was terrible, the drinks were just ok, and the music was aweful.  Next time I'm in Charlotte we will not be hitting this place up...
I had the mini cupcakes and they were like little bon bons and beautifully decorated.  But more importantly they were just delicious.  I understand this is a new bake shop.  You should give it a try.  Delicious.
love the Tostones!!!!!
Thank  you Chris! Me and my girl had a great time in Vegas thanks to you. We were on the guest list for Tao, LAX, and other clubs. We never had to wait in line and there was no cover for us. I will definitely use it again.
Owner would not provide confirmation numbers so we cancelled room after 10 phone calls - 4 months in advance of the intended stay date. He called my wife a liar on the phone. I bet anybody who stays here for any reason would enjoy it a lot....
I had a very pleasant experience in Bonnie's. I was greeted as soon as I entered and Bonnie quickly prepared the boutonniere that I needed. She exceeded my expectations, and I paid about 2/3 of what I was expecting to pay for it.  I am well satisfied.
Crappy gelato in a crappy airport. \n\nWord to the wise - gelato is not supposed to be gritty. Sorbet should be refreshing. Blech. Also you're charging too much for crappy gelato. Totally disappointing.
This Place is now closed....
Poor management
Actually 4.7 because of the staff, the food, and the protein drinks.\n\nThey have a few beers on tap, they've got Mimosa's and wine. Stop in and give em a try, because healthy choices make a better living. \n\nCheers!
Bland food, rude service (from an Italian grandfather--which is weird); however,  I've since learned not to blame it on Peru!!
I would say this place was about 3 1/2 stars. The burger and onion rings and frozen custard were great, but not out of this world. The prices were very reasonable.
Good selection and even during the crazy lunch rush they get you in and out...
Ok Thai food compared to others in the area but nothing extraordinary... Except for the tom ka gai which just so happens to be the best this world traveler has ever tasted. I frequently pick some up on my way home and enjoy it with my own dinner.
I had the seafood salad.  It seemed a little small to me.  My wife had Tortellini Alfredo it was much better than the seafood salad.
Skip this place! I've never had a bad gyro but this one take the cake when it comes to sucking at life. It was completely dry and had a leather quality to it. You couldn't pay me to come here again.
Great food and flavors with authenticity...To top it off great prices. My fav's are lard-na, pad thai, beef noodle soup. Great place to satisfy your cravings for Thai food.
My boyfriend and I love to go out to eat in midtown.  Great vibe in a very cool building. All the food was amazing.  He had a custom pizza and i had the beet salad.  We split a cheese board and had a couple cocktails. The service was excellent.  We will be going back again soon.
I just moved in to a new home and needed all of the locks re-keyed.  Pete gave me a quote over the phone, was very up front about all the costs, and had them all changed that same day.  Great service!  I would use him again without question!
This hotel has such horrible customer service, I guess Mandalay Bay Resort service isn't much better. NEVER EVER buy a gift card here, never ever go into their establishment, its a big corporation that doesnt care about their clients
Overrated.  I've definitely had better ice cream.  On a bright note, the girl making the ice cream was very friendly, but the ice cream was nothing to write home to mom about.  I much rather have the ice cream selections they offer at the buffet.
Sooooo good! A little family owned and operated restaurant with great food, and wonderful customer service! If I didn't live in NW las vegas, I would eat here every day. This is the best cheese steak place in Vegas hands down. And I love the square program they use, super convenient.
A view you must experience for yourself! Eating in total darkness is an incredible unique concept and it helps that the food is very good. If you find yourself in Montreal, you won't regret giving this place a try.
Good place. I think all the meat products are from humane or organic farms...guess they make all their own sauces. Not as good as Shake Shack but seems like \"cleaner\" burgers and dogs.
Best burger and beer in the area. On top of that everything on the menu is delicious and you can always try something new on their daily specials menu. The staff is incredibly friendly and they know their product forwards and backwards. With an awesome craft brew selection that accommodates all tastes, I would definitely recommend checking this place out.
This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area - and I love some good Thai food.  I've been to many Thai restaurants and none of them stack up against Yupha's.  You would be hard pressed to find better food and a nicer atmosphere and staff than Yupha's!
One of the places with the best steak and service. My boyfriend took me out for a birthday dinner and I couldn't ask for better service or steak. The lava cake was nothing but a mouthful of delicious chocolate melting in your mouth. Looking forward to come back again sometome.
Great burritos, fast service and clean looking place... I'll be back soon!
Gorgeous. Definitely worth a visit, especially with the Chihuly exhibit installations. I love this place & go at least twice a year!
I had my car sent here mainly because of the name and it was anything but rapid. It took 2 weeks longer than the time he quoted me because someone forgot to order a part that was originally needed. Then when I finally get my car back I see that they completely cleaned out my car and threw all my stuff away.
Chicken tacos are delish especially their guacamole ~ not so pricey even if it's inside The Venetian.
The only negative to this place is the cost.  Way over priced for what you get.  However, the hamburger was very good, the fries were so-so, the chocolate and the oreo shakes were awesome.
Wow do these guys have everything or what. Games from the 40's forward. Like a kid in a candy store my day was made when I found this place, it is some of the cheapest entertainment in Vegas, so get off the strip and check this place out!
Thank you for wasting my money and time! You guys have me one sausage egg mcmuffin and a sausage mcmuffin for my order of two egg mcmuffins! Didn't even find out about it until after I left! Really guys? How was the order so wrong????
My fave place for breakfast! A varied, and delicious menu, I've been happy with all my meals here so far. The Cajun prime rib beni is -the best- and most satisfying meal here, just delicious. The staff is friendly and  accommodating!
Horrible experience! \nNo customer service \nEmpty pans \nFood was discussing, even the jello and ice cream, couldn't get those right. I live right across the street And I'll never go there again, don't recommend it to anyone.
Yummy deliciousness in a dive bar...what's not to like about that!
This restaurant has very bad handicapped access so anyone who has trouble walkiing or is in a wheelchair will have a tough time getting to the entrance. Burgers are so greasy the lettuce looks like it came from a swamp.
Came here for my cousins wedding-who would have thunk to have a reception at a brewery!? This place was AWESOME. We had the left side of the brewery reserved with the outdoor deck which was perfect- Beer was delicious and heavy and the service was great! We also was able to tour the brewery- way cool.
Sweet little place for a treat or get something for breakfast, 2nd floor of the building. Also milk tea, and some other beverages. Too bad they can't put a few chairs outside on the balcony, it was a lovely night when we were there.
I love this little place.  Good food, decent sushi, friendly service, and tasty thai tea.  Prices are good, and there's never a wait.
We've been in a few times, service is usually subpar at best.\n\nStock is iffy, your best bet is to stay out front and check the sales. If nothing good then head out.
Honestly I don't know why this place is getting such fantastic reviews or maybe I just ate the wrong thing? I ordered the asparagus, cheese and tomato crepe. It was dripping in oil, the asparagus came from a can and the cheese was tasteless. Not for me at all.
I love this place and what they do. We adopted our Graycie from them and if we ever get other animals we'll definitely choose HALO!
Dropped by looking for an RA, Edgar was very helpful and knows his stuff.
Love this place.  It's got great authentic Greek food.  Best in Vegas.
I stopped by here to buy a bouquet for my mom and the found the staff to be friendly, and the bouquet was beautiful and exactly as I had asked for it to be! Prices weren't bad either! Thanks :) Highly recommended!
Changed ownership mid year and the new staff is remarkable unimpressive.  Food is not good and service is horrendous... like this is their first food serving endeavor.
good selction of beer, but the service was blah.  food was not great, but sort of expect if from a more bar setting.  someone put a lot of money into the place, but they should care a bit more about what they put out now...
Service is FAST and efficient. Beff Pho was tasty, but I wish they offered the shrimp AND pork spring rolls. I opted for the deep fried egg rolls and they were much like you would find anywhere else. They came out so fast (and temperature wise) I suspect they were pre-cooked. Still overall a good experience.
This place sucks always get order wrong and dont want to fix it also got mold on tortilla  and they said it was ok
The work they do is great, their prices are affordable. But this place is never open when they say they are.
Only had their plain Italian tomato pizza. I'll stick to my usual place I order from on sources. The dough was dry and hard.
Have been to this Good Egg many times, the food never disappoints. Great place for breakfast or lunch and even coffee!
Great meal, but just not worth it.\nToo expensive, too loud, and very outdated.\nThere are just too many great restaurants around to make this place worthwhile.  \nThe interior is well past needing a major renovation. Drab and even a little dirty feeling.
As fast food goes this is a pretty good option. Love the original roast beef sandwich with Arby's sauce!!!
Food usually over cooked and not great.  Went for trivia which was fun, but stopped going due to the unimpressive menu and service.
We summed it up: \"GO, go now before they get that star and can charge much, much more for what is by far and away the best Indian food we've ever had.\" Book now!
Typical gas station. Staff is nice. Food is decent and usually ready to go. Gas digital readers can be hard to see in the sunlight at times. Overall a good spot to stop for a quick fill up and a few snacks.
I have two tattoos done by Evan Berry, one from 98 and one from 2001. An eastern and a western dragon on my shoulders. The work is amazing, I won't let anyone else put ink on me. These tattoos withstood the Iraq and Kuwait heat. I recommend Evan Berry and Crawling Squid for anyone.
Print your boarding passes at home to avoid the airport check-in (if you're not checking bags). Check-in process and staff need help! It was painful.
Best risotto I've ever eaten.
I do love Thai food so was pleased to finally get to the OSHA , and I wasn't disappointed. It was very good all round. The restaurant is quite small so do book if you can as it gets busy.
It's not just for coffee!  My wife and I were there over the weekend.  I had the tomato bisque, she had the split pea, and we split the turkey and swiss sandwich.  All delicious!   Alexander was at the register--very friendly and helped us decide what to have.  Go and enjoy!
It has become go-to location for hard to find Asian ingredient; especially S.E. Asian.  The facility is clean and well lit.  Most importantly the produce is clean and usually pretty fresh.  I did buy a bag of rotten tofu there once (buying tofu in a bag is probably never advisable).
NOW serving breakfast @subwayfreshbuzz made YOUR way!!! CHEAP + good-not your typical Fast-Food!! I love the whole wheat muffins and being able to load it up anyway you want depending on what mood you are in.
Worst wait ever. Longer wait than a doctor's office just to return some equipment.  This store needs to hire more people.
Pretty good and they deliver! The nachos are excellent and they put the cheese sauce in its own container and is more than enough for an extra side of chips. Most locations are cash only which can be a bummer
Very close to capitol square, with a good German restaurant, the Essenhaus, next door plus a little coffee shop. Very intimate little hotel gives you a quiet hideaway from the madness of state street and capitol but close enough you can enter the fray quickly when needed.
Looking for the best hangover meal? or maybe a late night, been drinking all day kinda dish? They have really good soup. Big portions too.
food is ok, no delivery, expensive, and there are no such things as combination platters. So if you want beef and broccoli and shrimp fried rice, you have to order each separate so its about 17 dollars per person.
Just had a fabulous meal! I created my dish with marinated steak, brown rice, Korean BBQ sauce topped with Thai fresh spices and bean sprouts. So fresh! So YUMMY!
This is the worst place ever! I ordered a chile relleno burrito, and what did I get? A rice and onion burrito! It was completely gross! Never coming back!!!!
One of the fanciest and prettiest breakfasts that I ever had (Instagram friendly), make sure to get there early to get a table outside. Went there twice during our stay in Vegas and definitely coming back next time. Quite on the pricey side but reasonable for what you get!
Ok cupcake.  Velvet topping is not soft
Friendly employees, great food and relaxing atmosphere. Everything I've order has been great! Give it a try you won't be disappointed!
Buddhist bowl.  Awful, the use canned bamboo shoots and other canned ingredients.  Asked for extra spicy, instead of cooking with peppers, they give a container of hot sauce.  Manchu wok was 10x better
This place is very sucks. $11 for a small tiny ass bowl of pho and they also charge $2 for damn water. I can cook better then them. I called MSG PHO. If you have a choice go to some place in spring mountain.
As long as I remember to bring cash this place is stellar. And now that they started serving food I'll be here all the time. Baked eggs? Uhh yes please!  Love it. Another score for Matt and family. :)
This is my VERY favorite Greek Restaurant in the US hands down. The Greek fries are yummy, the hummus is so very fine!  Literally. The lamb is seasoned to perfection and the serving size is huge! Worth every penny!
Not really very authentic if you are English. Fish and chips are ok but not great
We agree with with all the reviews we read.  This is a really nice bar grill with great food, large portions and great service for a reasonable price.
Took about 40 minutes to get our food, and I found a hair in it, luckily I did not bite into it
I had their rice soup it was good simple. The hot and sour soup is really good though. It is spendy though just for soup. But it's Vegas what can you expect right?\nThe main lady is very nice and quick.
We had the pot stickers, cashew chicken, mongolian beef, and the sweet & sour chicken.  The food was awesome!!!  Freshly made, hot and delicious.  Would definitely recommend it to a friend.
PBLT (with pork) good, but not as good as a BLT :-).  Chicken salad sandwich, fried green beans and fried spinach exceptional! Can't wait to come back & try more!
Really hits the spot for late night food in Vegas. \n\nFood is ok for a Korean BBQ joint. Prices are fine. We ordered the King and split between 3 people which was perfect
Organic supermarket with a large prepared food item area, it is pricey and have entree's and sides and hot soup.  You can spend a fortune here but it is so good.  Even the small bakery section is yummy.  Fruits and veggies are really nice here, quality and organic.
Awful pharmacy experience.  Automated call that prescription was ready.....not even close.  Why bother with a worthless automated system?  They don't care that you made a trip.  Go somewhere else.
Latte and hot chocolate is better than Starbucks. And definitely try salted caramel brownies.
This is your typical Lebanese place that specializes in Shish Taouk, Shwarma among others.  It has a good number of tables for eating there with a outdoor patio for the warmer months.  Service is fast and to the point, exactly what you want at a fast food joint.  If you go for lunch expect a crowd.
I don't get it. It's the one Montreal place you have to take tourists but it is rather bland. if you want a great Smoked Meat sandwich just cross the street to Main Deli. That's a tasty smoked meat, and best part there is usually no line.
The food is fairly good.  The servers and staff are generally rude and disinterested.  The setting is nice but the crowds are large and the buffet is stressful.
I followed my therapist Mindy here and I'm glad I did, very warm space she has there, it's comforting and it's a nice private space. And the massage is always heavenly good! She always focuses on working out my knots by relaxing my muscles with some hot stones, it's a must addition to my massage!
Honestly the food is good but I dropped a star for price to quality ratio.  Loved the rack of lamb and the steak.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Fun atmosphere and street seating for the beautiful AZ spring weather.  Downtown mesa usually has a car expo or motorcycle convention that is fun to watch while you dine.
The hostess was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice. Granted, I did not have a pizza which looked and smelled great, but the food was average at best. I was disappointed.
Visited here while in Vegas with our son & his family.  It was great and the flaming fajitas were fun!  We enjoyed the food and the service was amazing.  It is always a little challenging to dine with a 2.5 year old and a 9 month old but this restaurant handled everything in stride.
Our Canadian cousins LOVE this place and definitely put this place on top of their list to visit. My first time -- and I already want to come back! Excellent burgers. Truffle fries. Oxtail chili fries. Superb!
Prenatal Peek is awesome! We went last Saturday and the baby had his hand over his face the whole session so they rescheduled us for later in the week at no additional charge. Great customer service!
My wife and I had dinner here with some friends last night.  Food was excellent and service was also excellent.  One thing to its is that good food takes time.  We were there for 2 hours and had two courses. Wine list was affordable (no bottle over $40).  I will definitely have more meals at this restaurant.
Manager and her employees are rude, and could pretty much care less about any sort of customer service. \n\nBurnt my food and I had to wait around for approx 20 minutes for them to remake my food. \n\nHave had much better experiences at other Rubios. Steer clear.
Ok food. HORRIBLE service!
I love Lisa's Bowl of Balls.  It is a very yummy and satisfying dish.  I go to Lisa G's just for her meatballs when I'm craving meat.  I highly recommend this dish.
Yummy food, okay service, nice looking place.
This UPS store has the worst service. They even charged me to tape my box shut and told me they have to charge because they are a small business.
Good, but dirty.\n\nIt was very small and it was quite dirty looking inside.\n\nI love Jamaican food - but this wasn't clean.  Want good Jamaican food?  Go to another city.
Good food.  Service is OK, not outstanding.  Huevos con masa - amazing.
Good pizza,! Combo prices pretty good. I got a large Philly Sub, was not worth the price. Too little meat, too many condiments. Buy the small sub rather than the large. 4 inches of extra condiments is. bad deal. From my last menu most items went up 50 cents, and portions stayed the same.
Years ago this used to be my watering hole on the way home from work. Of course that was quite a few years ago.\n\nIt used to be a great spot back then.
Foods great, dance floor is severely lacking. They were like \"there is no dance floor here sir, please do not do this or we'll ask you to leave\" so I had to bring the party to everyone else in the bar. Didn't even finger bang anyone. Completely ruined my evening, worst campus bar for sure.
Best BBQ in Madison.  Hands down.  Only loses a star for consistently messing up take-out orders and not being up to par compared to places in the south.
good pizza good service
There really isn't a reason to review this place, but I will anyways.  It's simply the best club in Vegas.  Just make sure you have a good ratio, you buy a bottle, or give a host a nice handshake.
The best lunch we get downtown arrives on a bicycle delivery basket. Perfect lunch food...not too heavy, not too light. Prices fair. We think the best thing about this lunch place is the fact the food is made from all fresh, high quality ingredients.
I didn't realize I ordered somthing with blue cheese and I thought what the he'll I'll give it a go.... The BBQ Blue cheese burger is so delicious And the fries with ranch  are amazing. Service is in point to... Over all 1st time experience is a TEN.
YUM!!
I love this airport. Fun shops, good bars and free wifi. Also a great place to people watch. If you go to the end of the c gates there's more private bathrooms and a nuce bar kind of tucked away from the crowds.
What a place for buying a disc golf and gathering info for disc golf! awesome selection of discs.
Ice cream between fresh baked cookies is just as delicious as it sounds. Super delicious.
Because our TV is still under warranty and they did the installation, I needed to call them to change bad wires that are in the wall.  I have had two appointments and they have not shown up at either.  They just didn't show up either time and no phone calls.  What gives????
Very good food....a great place when you really miss NOLA food. Good service, fairly priced and clean.
Great view of the Lake of Dreams...  Great food...  Okay service.  I felt like our waiter thought he was too cool to be taking food orders or something.
These burgers are delish! A litte hole in the wall with great burgers and great service. Try their french fries and onion rings too. This is the closest to a 'California' style burger as you'll get out in AZ.
The food is great. But I find the waiters to be stuck up and greedy.A bit over priced.
I love this place for $5 pizza.. and the greek fries are great!!!!!!!!! get the everytime.. thanks geno's
Okay shopping mall. Variety of stores, many chains like footlockers, gap, h & m, loft,....it's fun to go for a little afternoon of shopping.
The only way to say it hes the best dentist in Az.  and, Its always nice that dental specialists mention his name very reverentially and respectfully.  the man is a giant in dentistry.
Mimi's is slipping in quality.  The grilled chicken tasted like it was done on a George Forman grill.  Very tough.  The other meals by our party were at least edible, but come on, I go out to get something better than what I can heat up at home in the microwave.
The Margaritas are pretty good and the torilla chips come complimentary which makes it all the better. The appetizer combo was not the greatest so I will deduct a star for that.
Had the steak and rice bowl here.\n\nFast friendly service.\n\nFood was delicious.\n\nOnly negative at all was too many veggies, but that may be a plus for some.
We go here quite often - love the tacos.  The service has been a little off a few times, but they try.  It's a lively place with a good happy hour crowd - can get real busy and pretty noisy.  A cold Pacifico in an iced mug with salted rim and 2 shrimp tacos -heaven!!
Much better than five guys not even comparable. Enjoyed 3 meals at Smashburger recently.
I will not be back, I have way better than this at hole in the wall places closer go home. Save yourself and go elsewhere.
Burger is awesome! Service is hit or miss though. But overall the food is really good
Never enjoyed the food here. The mango shake however is good. But thats not a good enough reason to go to a chinese restaurant, sorry!
For my wife's birthday we along with nine friends celebrated a delightful evening at Bistro to go on a Friday for their Friday evening tapas.. The only complaint was that it was too much food.  The service and food were outstanding and with BYOB it was incredibly low cost . We all had a great time and would recommend going
When I drove up and realized they didn't have pay at the pump, I was shocked. But then to find out they don't even take credit cards? How are you even in business? And your gas is $.10 more expensive then the shell one block down. Skip this place!
Horrible run around behavior. Wouldn't tell me if they had the quantity I needed to fulfill my prescription. Said I had to come in. So I'm suppose to run all over town taking my prescription in to every store to find out if they have it or not, when three other ones didn't!
I live really close to this location and was looking forward to it opening. I have gone to it a hand full of times now and they have been out of grilled chicken and grilled steak every time I have tried lunch and dinner times. Completely unacceptable especially for a new location that should be on top of their game.
Pleasantly surprised! Food is hot, fresh, and tasty.  The green and red salsa is also fresh and tasty.  Will definitely be back. :)
Best facial surgeon in AZ - hands down.  He cares, he knows his stuff, and is one of the nicest people you will ever meet.
Great service, clean and great interiors! It even has a chandelier inside! What more can you say about a fast food joint. You really don't feel like you're eating at a fast food joint inside here.
I don't remember what I have had here besides the chicken and waffle. I remember big portions and the food was ok, I would come back but not crazy delicious flavors. Super big portions though their hot chocolates were really tasty though. I want to check out the one in Rio.
First and last time I will ever come to this place! I was completely ignored by the waiter presumably because he thought I was under 21
Good place.  Friendly staff.  It has a nice little bar with a few TV's to watch the game, which is a lot to ask in Midtown Phoenix. :)
The best used bookstore in Phoenix, at least that's how I see it. Tons of books to browse through, along with magazines, records, and DVDs. They even have a large used music instrument section.\n\nIf you've never been there, it's worth the trip. Highly recommend.
Unbelieveable hands down the best most unique mexican cuisine that has greaced Phoenix.  These folks know what they are doing. Out of this world flavor, super WOW quantities of amazing flovor packedwith thoughtful combinations of bursting goodness.  This place is the mecca of mexician. get there.
Good pizza, right price. They are very generous with their toppings and don't over sauce. I really can't complain, it is one of the better take out pizza places in town.
I love border grill in Santa Monica and DTLA. it's a shame that the service at their Vegas location is so horrible.
Don't do it! Not worth the $5.00 savings for the nail infection I have fought with all summer. Avenue gave me more than I wanted!\nWhen he broke the skin he said \" Oh, you have ingrown toe nail\". \nNo, you don't know what your doing!
Food average, not good compared to pho kim long, but service is 100% better.  Cleaner tables too.
Customer service is key
Banana bread was delicious and the Mediterranean omelet with shrimp and lobster inside was amazing.
The chicken salad sandwich was great!  I could have done without the smoothie.  I expected it to be better since smoothie is in the name.  I had the Mango magic and couldn't taste any of the mango.  This is located in the Excalibur food court and a good alternative to the fast food places on either side.
You simply cannot prepare yourself for the overwhelming taste and vision of a restaurant of this magnitude. My review will reflex my state of mind after my meal, speechless.
So I get that everything on the strip is over price but this Starbucks is ridiculous. I work at the Linq so I go there a lot as it is very convenient but our discount even sucks!!! I am tired of paying $8 for a drink.
Hours are 7a to 10p \n\nAwesome alcohol selection!\n\nCute hot food bar\n\nLots of organic options and good produce options\n\nCute lil pie and macaroon options too
The food here is like a worse version of Arby's. Waste of money!
If you want to get pastries while being yelled at by the staff and treated like dirt, this is the place for you.
Wings are excellent.  Philly cheese steak is excellent.  Great happy hour prices and friendly attentive service.  Nothing wrong with this place!
I love the idea of this place and since it has a fuku burger it wins me over. I tried the bbq pork too and it was tender and tasty . I hope they continue to experiment and to expand the menu . I will for sure visit again on my next trip .
The bar and restaurant has nice decor. Very upbeat. The calamari was good but not exceptional. The Chaing Mai curry was so spicy hot I couldn't eat it. The service was unattentive.  Has potential but presently over rated.
This place quickly got the nick name \"the douche lounge\" since it was full of douche-bags, on both sides of the bar. The drinks were good but overpriced and the bartenders could use an attitude adjustment. Plenty of hot girls, and guys with fake suntans.
Just 2wks in training with Angela and I'm already noticing weight change and definition! Haven't set foot in a gym over 7yrs and I'm in love with the training! Angela helps push me and keeps me motivated and focused! This is definitely a lifestyle I want to keep!!! Thank you Angela!!!
This is the worst experience I have had in my LIFE!  Do not use CCR Transport.  Took about 60 days to receive all the parts, then saw a huge rip in my 1960's vintage sofa.  I have now emailed them twice since the address is incorrect and phone is disconnected.  NO response from them.
The usurious late fees and onerous cancellation policy make this gym one step above a pay day loans joint.  The men who use the weights are more interested in strutting then getting down to business, and the pool at the central location is full of couples stealing second and third base right out in the open.  I do not recommend it.
Accidently stumbled into this spot for lunch cause I didn't feel like walking all the way to the Plaza. What a great stumble. The mac-N-cheese are to die for. Their sandwiches are fresh and delicious. Great place to grab lunch with a few co-workers or order to go and run back to the office.
Nice service n clean place. Open 7 am is really good for busy people. However, the price is a little bit expensive and not many coupons for their services.
Went there in a School field trip with my kid. This is one of Vegas' hidden treasures. It's not big and its not as sophisticated as NY or LA, but iy is clean and well-maintained. They have shows for almost every age range.
Great way to see a movie,awesome recliners and great service  ,drinks and dinner should be more of these theaters around!!!!!!!
Vegas is what it is. You know exactly what you're going to get when you go. I just wish there was a way to take care of the sea of people who always like to stop and just do nothing and block entrances, bridges, and stairs. Is it that hard to move to the side to let traffic go by?
This place is overpriced the management is unprofessional I would suggest you just skip it
Dear God I should have ran to the hills when I walked in and saw 5 out of 5 people working there with electric shears in their hands. I refuse to call them stylists. I mean all I wanted was a trim for my 7 year old. Just a straight line. I'd hate to see her take a sobriety test.
Awesome sushi, staff is always super welcoming and friendly. Can't go wrong with naka! Make sure to take a trip down here and you won't be disappointed!
Gyro meat was tender, pita was fresh and fries were hot. The owners take pride in their craft and in shows through in their food and service. Haven't ventured outside the gyro plate, but it's the best gyro I've had in the East Valley!
I went here last Saturday night. My first time. I have to admit, the burgers are among my top 5. Amazing!  I shall definitely be returning and am more than happy to recommend them.
Not cheap @ $4.50 for a cheese slice and $24 for a whole pie. But definitely tasty. Even when you're not that hungry, so that says something! LOL  Will definitely try other menu items next time I return!
I've been here several times. It's a very nice coffee house hidden away just off Princes Street. It's very peaceful inside with friendly staff, it has a good menu for quick bites and good coffee
Siam is a nice little place. Friendly staff. I like the decor. The stripmall that it's in isn't that bad. Will definitely be back.
I'd give it a 4 for good service and nicely presented food. Okok the food wasn't food to drool over but when you're staying in the palazzo and looking for a quick bite to eat - this place hits the spot!
Omikase was not worth the price. Service wasn't great. The server told us no sharing, which was a big turn-off. Would not recommend.
so, I decided to give chipotle another chance. Service was good, people friendly... but,  every chunk of chicken in my burrito was wicked gristly. I guess if I go here again, its gotta be vegetarian
Been here a few times. Definitely not the most original bagels, somewhat overpriced. Reuben was decent quality but didn't taste good. Had a few other bagels and coffee and they weren't so good. Service is great.
Because it is all you can eat type place, they don't use the best quality fish. It was pretty fresh but I can tell from my many years of working in a fish market.....
Great hidden spot. Good selection of toppings and plenty of patio seats. We'll be back!
I rent from National in Charlotte about once a month, and I'm consistently happy.  With Emerald Club, no lines at all, and there is always a good selection of cars (including hybrids).  Fast, friendly and efficient.
Should have walked out like the people next to us. Drinks $$$....drunk lady in 2nd row kept heckling, talking loud, flipping everyone off. They should have escorted her out. Comedians not funny :(
Amazing food, phenomenal service (Isaac was our host for the evening), classy ambiance, great music and just a wonderful experience overall.
Checking back in to make sure people understand HOW HORRIBLE this vendor is.\n\nThere are SO MANY florists in this city that deserve your business, I implore you to please find an HONEST one.
This place has very friendly service and a wide selection of vegan food including several raw vegan options.  I've had all the raw vegan entrees and they are all good.
I can't remember the last time I ate here. But I've drank here many times. I like the basement (rathskellar) and I like the outside patio. And the crowd is a nice mix. I don't feel like a geezer here when I stop in.
Although it's a bit pricey... I adore this coffee shop! It's a local place and I love supporting local. They have great food too! My favorite is the breakfast burrito. And nothing compares to their soy chai! Yum!
Nice rooms & very helpful staff. When we checked in the lady was very accommodating. Our room wasn't ready but she gave us our keys & a map & asked for our number. They sent a txt with our room number as soon as it was ready. I loved it here.
Sparkletts is a F***king joke!!!
This place is amazing. I have yet to find something I don't like here. The atmosphere is really nice. The staff is very attentive and nice. I recommend this place to everyone stopping by town.
always fresh and flavorful, a must see if you are in las vegas.
Very quite on a Saturday.  But when they are busy they have plenty of stations to get you done. I don't like how they have their nail polish set up. Hard to see all the choices.
Good food, but the atmosphere is really loud even for a sports bar.
I wanted to try the cupcakes as I heard so much kudos about it.  My friends who told me about it are 100% right.  The cupcakes are delicious.
My only complaint is the shower - no shower curtain but instead is a half tub size sheet of glass. WHY??? Luckily, the water didn't get all over the floor. It would have been a disaster. Big lawsuit waiting to happen! Other than that, Downtown Grand is a very nice and modern addition to the downtown area.
Update: the owner did write to me saying they will work on getting their takeout orders correct. I appreciate a business willing to improve.
Jessica does my hair and she is awesome!  She is super accommodating, has great ideas and is very personable. Her Brazilian Blow Outs are the best!  I highly recommend Jessica and Pigs and Pomps.
the food was phenomenal and the service was incredible. I highly recommend the bartender Allison. she went out of her way to provide great service.
I had lunch there and was really impressed.  I had the Tempura Udon which was alright, but nothing to get excited about.  The caterpillar roll was very good, but not enough to save the entire experience
Menu isn't very appealing, however the food is delicious.  Had the Cesar salad and soup, very good. Husband had the shrimp slider which were very good. Service is very chill, kinda a small place but VERY clean.
I have tried several places and they all messed up my hair. Tony knows what he is doing, perfect job, great personality. He knows his stuff!!! Highly recommend him to any guy for any cut.
I had a great time.  It was not very crowded, and the staff was very helpful.  The popover appetizers, and the malassala dessert was outstanding.  An excellent addition to the fine restaurants in the Palazzo Resort & Casino.
Love me some papa johns, Delivery service is relatively slow but pizza always delivers.
Fantastic \nVery friendly and helpful staff. \nFood was tasty and lots of options. They don't have a boneless option but offered and did take the chicken off the bone! Not pushy or in a hurry to serve and ring, laid back. Helps when you still deciding \nWill visit this location again!
I am new to Pilates and after just a handful of sessions, I am hooked.  Heather and Ashleigh are very supportive, nurturing, and fun.  I like that Pilates is highly customizable, suitable for all levels of physical experience.  It is much less scary than it looks and I feel a difference already.
Paper wrapped chicken is awesome.  It can be a little greasy but I could eat them until I explode.  The combo plates are fairly priced and there are plenty of combo plates available.  If I lived closer I would eat here more.
Got off my flight and grabbed a quick snack of onion rings. Gross.
Definitely one of the best, if not best, sushi spots in the valley! Its a far drive for me, but well worth it to get authentic, good quality, tasty japanese food! I will definitely be back!
This was different than the other Cirque de Soleil  shows in a sense that it's a combination of acrobatics meets stand up comedy,  all while being sexual at the same time.  I enjoyed it and was very much entertained.
Great good
Checked this place out back in the winter.  Yuck !  I just had a beer so I cant comment on the food.  But the atmosphere was yuck and the interior was just as bad. Grayish walls and nothing that would ever make me want to go back.
I read the reviews about this place when I was actually there ordering my food. I got a bit scared. hehehe but I gave it a chance. It wasn't that terrible. Not great, but edible. it is true that it takes loooong to prepare your order though. Not sure if I'd go back.
Marie is the best. Great to see someone willing to help. My kid dropped his yogurt on the floor and I felt so embarrassed. But she was right there to help. And even smiled at my son. Good yogurt too. Thanks marie.
I love the cornbread and butter but the rest can do without. The plates are so huge and super sloppy. The lettuce wraps are no good!  I did like our waitress but the bar tender with blonde hair was supper bitchy to the other staff it was annoying.
Very dissapointing.  Service was very slow, and they insisted on self-tipping themselves 20% for takeout!  I walked out on principle.
Wonderful for the portions and prices!\nDelicious biscuits and gravy.
The promoter Michelle for XS nightclub was great! She got us on the VIP entry guest list with hardly no line! Thanks Michelle! Until the next fun trip to Vegas! 908-770-3570
Good pizza, horrible service.   They lost our ticket and after 30 mins I went to ask how much longer, the guy said 10 minutes, however it was later discovered they had never even put the pizza in the oven.  The entire staff on the night of my visit appeared confused.
Great beer selection, tasty wing sauce, knowledable staff! Great bar area fast and friendly service!!!
Dana was fantastic.  He was informative and knowledgeable and made us feel very comfortable.
Everything was wonderful.  Had my birthday dinner here, party of 20. The staff were accommodating,  Mark was attentive and the food.. yum.com. Love dining here!
Love their graveyard specials I always go for their steak and eggs or 1/2 pound burger, great service very affordable and even if there is a long line, it moves very fast.
My parents enjoyed the show. This was not my favorite cirque du soleil show I have seen but I didn't hate it...O  is still my favorite.
Went back for more Veggie Samosas they were so good, hot and crispy. I am in love with the Mint Chutney!
All cab drivers are sneaky..we had our phone GPS on during our ride and he went the long way..we made it back quicker on the bus later that night.
I like this place! They pour pretty strong drinks, and they always have a delicious variety on their menu. It gets a little too loud on nights when they have a DJ, but it's still fun. It's a nice place to go for a drink date or something.
This review pending a post-event phone call to air grievances.
Best sub I've ever had, seriously amazing and I will be returning I'll be dreaming of my next sub\n\nI've been back and it's just as good as the first AMAZING
This is a phenomenal resort. It has everything anyone could be looking for. The service is exceptional. The food is excellent. The rooms are quite nice. It skid friendly and pet friendly. The fitness room is definitely above average for a hotel fitness room. I cannot recommend FireSky highly enough.
This is a great place to grab a quick meal or pick up dinner or your way home.  It's fast, not too expensive, and the good tastes good.
Starbucks is my friend when I need that pick me up only coffee can give. The only issue is that Starbucks are not all equal. Different menus and different coffee effects (this one is low in coffee in their drinks and require an extra shot purchase to give the effects of the starbucks in Indy that I frequent.
Food here is good. Not great. Not  bad.\n\nBut...................it is 11:17 AM and they are not serving LUNCH yet?? Are you kidding? \n\nWHAT A JOKE.
Great staff.  Rather hilly.  Good conference setting.  Room was very pleasant.  Need to pay for wireless, refrigerator is stocked with high priced beverages.  Coffee machine is modest.  Pools are nice.  Good for a weekend get-away.
very good
What a great little place! The store is filled with cute unique things that are one of a kind and the cafe is very nice with great food. Me and my friend had butternut squash soup which was amazing and Mac and cheese which was great. It was the perfect snow day lunch! A must go
Stopped into Caramel at 7pm and had a nice enough couple of drinks. Its small, very small so when I went past later that night I can only imagine how different it was. A pretty cool place for a cocktail or two before you head out for the evening.
Very good food. Menu selection is quite small, and service when i went was not that hot. I was impressed by the food, but everything else not so much.\n\nMaybe it was a bad night for binkleys? I will maybe try it again to see. Over kinda disappointed.
Consistently outstanding and creative food served professionally in a great and even varied ambiance. What more could you ask for? Oh yes, excellent wine list and drinks.
Sucks all around. Just go to 7hills wash. Sooo much better. I just want to say though I do not work at 7hills and am not doing this for them, I seriously just stopped going to horizon village after they started f**king up my $45000 truck.
Apart from the manager lady who seemed like a massive control freak, the food was really good. I had the prawn cocktail and gnocchi, both were delicious. I just happened to be sitting in the worst part of the restaurant, right at the back where I could hear all the conversation between staff...
Great Southwestern fried chicken. Some other stuff on the menu looks really good. Staff are sometimes nice.
If you go in for the clearance section, you may be disappointed as the items are now discounted in their family of foods. So now you actually have to go shopping around the store like a normal person
All the Mexican seafood favorites - shrimp cocktail, ceviche, fish tacos, etc... The shrimp in hot red sauce are fantastic! All around good stuff. Good selection of Mexican beers as well. I went for the 24 ounce Modelo. Reasonably priced as well.
Nefasto el servicio de pasteleria y te quedan mal con lo que pide que se realize al pastel y  te piden la nota del pastel y luego no te la regresan fatal!! Muy mala experiencia
Just missed them. They are closed   , I wanted to try the shakes I'll go elsewhere.\nI Stopped by a second time still was not that inpressed but that's just my taste buds maybe you may enjoy it.
Always the same, always good.\nGreat go to place for a coffee and Doughnut on the go.
The bartender whose working tonight has the worst customer service. I sat at the end of the bar which was empty. He looked at me several times and completely ignored me. While he stood around doing absolutely nothing. I waited about 15 minutes before I finally moved to the middle of the bar where he then finally decided to give me my damn shot.
Got a mani and pedi. Liked the amount of stuff they do for the cost. I didn't like that they didn't seem to have the AC on and I still had some nail polish on my skin. Overall a good place.
Yama is great. I was a sushi mon fan but yama beats them hands down. I love all their specialty rolls and they satisfy my eel cravings. Their Misu soup is excellent and I have never had a bad experience there.
Opens 7am. Suuuuuure it does. Good luck getting breakfast here. I'm sat in the drive through for 5 min one time then drove around and the other doors were locked as well :( so sad. Will go to del taco or jack in the box for breakfast from now on.
Nice hotel for young people bad experience, dealers were rude made sexual comments about my wife, the operator when i called wouldnt look up my reservation, the food at koi was a joke, Worst Hotel I have stayed in and I go to vegas a lot, dont waste your money
What's not to love about Sunny's diner? Home of the best breakfasts in Tempe! Not over priced like that LOUSY Chompie's - better wait staff, better service, better menu! All Hail Sunny's!
Top of the line rustic food. Consistently nice and great service. Friday's (I think) has nice light acoustic guitar music on the patio.
It has been a while since I have been here to eat. I must say that it was very disappointing. Their soda machine broke, service was slow and for the first time the food was nothing special. \n\nYou won't see me eating there any time soon.
A good standard hotel. The lobby looks swank but the rooms are in need of a small bit of updating. I appreciate the free internet but the gym is thoroughly inadequate. I need more than two machines to work out on.
Pretty good place to grab a few drink. Extremely expensive for the area however. I also don't understand their happy hour, .50 cents off drafts? That's pretty lame if you ask me considering their happy hour is always dead.
One would expect extraordinary German food in Wisconsin, and Essen Haus disappoints.  The food was good but not excellent.  There was a live performer who demonstrated a breadth of capabilities across clarinet, saxaphone, and trumpet, but impressed on none.  Eh.
Pretty nice bar area -- its quiet enough to just chill. \n\nSeemed like the older crowd likes this bar better though so if you're in your 20's, you will feel out of place :P
You should take ear plugs. The sound system in the theatre is absurdly  loud.  It is torture. I mean it is really, really loud. The museum is interesting mainly because of the setting in an archaeological site. The exhibits are  okay. Worth the price? Probably not.
Not thrilled. Use to like this place but service has gone downhill. Salsa isn't the same freshness and nothing special with the food. Seemed bland.
Our furnace was blowing cold air. I called April A/C and they were here in 20 minutes! Maybe that was just luck that they had a guy in the area already but i was impressed anyway. He got to work and 30 minutes later my furnace is working the way it should. I would use them again and recommend them to all my neighbors.
Good for various things you need to try before buying and stuff you don't want to wait to get online, but excessively pushy salesmen and complete lack of atmosphere makes this a really depressing to shop.
I was impressed with Takumi. Their miso soup is delish. I had the veggie cucumber and avacado rolls. Will go back again
The nachos were HUGE they were pretty good. The margaritas are really good and have a nice kick.
I am amazed at the bad reviews for this place. I have been here a dozen times and the staff is always incredibly friendly. The pizza is always hot when I get it home and everyone in the family enjoys it. I will keep going and telling all of my friends about this place.
This is a place with decent service, a limited amount of choices of horrible ambiance. We  had fun, but it wouldn't be on my top 50 places list1
Always a good vibe when coming here. People who work check out are very friendly and helpful. Also, everyone is very knowledgeable about what's in stock.
It may not be the nicest looking place in town but you can't beat Ray's pepperoni - delicious!  I've had better luck with whole pies vs the standalone slices; don't know why.  Maybe they've just been sitting out too long.
After my first review in 2013 we ended up visiting this restaurant on most Friday nights.  It became our favourite stop.  BUT IT'S NOW CLOSED :-(  Stephanie is moving back to Hong Kong.
Nice clean rooms and the price was right.  Nothing fancy like the strip hotels, but it was not a dive either.
I have to say that if I get what I want, in the expected amount of time, delivered with great service, and it is so good it keeps me coming back for more...you deserve 5 stars. Thank you Sonic for delivering one great diet cherry limeade after another!
Ate here late night.  Ordered Steak & eggs.  Liked that I could substitute the potatoes for sliced tomatoes.  Decent eats. Nothing spectacular. Staff is friendly. If your at the Mirage looking for something to eat it's something.
Good little restaurant! hashbrowns are really good. Bacon was under-cooked. Waffles looked amazing.
The Mall was full of people on January 1st. It was your typical mall. Some nice stores and some regular stores. If you're staying on the strip you might as well check it out.
Love wedge.  Delicious food, and friendly staff.  I will definitely be back!
Fantastic new york strip! \n\nThey correctly cooked the steak to medium rare, not medium nor medium well. \n\nThe side dishes could use a little work. The spinach and the asparagus were both over cooked, that being said, all the entrees and appetizers were delicious.
What a wonderful find.\nGreat food, sticky rice in the shape of a heart and a girl named Basil.\nGoin' back to Vegas this summer. Can't wait to try it again.
Plain and simple...get your Poke from here. Always fresh and great. Aloha Nui Loa. \nNick
I wish there was a zero star option.  Rude staff, poor customer service and obvious lack of experience running a restaurant. This was my 2nd visit after I wasn't that impressed the first time.  I won't make that mistake again..
Small place in the cornor tucked away.  There aren't many shabu shabu places around so this will do.  It's clean and service friendly.  Things weren't explained the first time but I am sure once you know how it goes it's gonna be good.
Maybe I am spoiled by the NY \"smoked meat\" AKA pastrami... It's just OK here. It's not as moist, and a bit stringy, rubbery. The flavor was on point, but there was something off for me so the wait was not worth it.
Gyros the way I like them. Delicious ingredients in ample proportions. Fresh pita.  Fast service.
Great lunch with family.  Miso soups and sushi for most.  Roast beef sandwich for one kid and chicken fingers for another.  Great service.  Very warm and friendly.  Server was Grey.  Ask for him.
I ate here more than a year ago, and I still remember it. This place served me the best Pulled Pork Sandwich I've had in my life. I will go back with friends as soon as we get the chance!
This is just as good as the original Babystacks!  The food is delicious, the service is great, and the wait is short.  I ate the Portuguese sausage with a side of their famous Red Velvet pancakes.  All I can say is AWESOME!!!
Fantastic food! The service was friendly, attentive and helpful. The best part was the amazing coffee at the end but then we are coffee addicts.
Was alright - nothing special... Chicken taco was blah, fish taco was eh, steak taco was good.
I loved how classy the place was, the ceasar salad could have been much better, but the pesto pizza was delicious. The service was a little slow, we waited around a bit for our waters and our check. Overall it was great for a late night dinner!
When in Vegas you must eat buffet at least once. Or like me, you can do it three times. Don't judge me!
Went there Easter Sunday, today, had the baked apple pancake and my wife had the orange cranberry baked pancake. Both were great. We have a new favorite breakfast place.
My son loved the churros.
I would of gave it one more star,but there was something floating in my drink.
I have nothing against Capezio products, however regardless of location the prices are always over the top. This store is always disorganized with products sliding off the racks and exceedingly snotty and arrogant customer service. Rude. Bad selection. Discount Dance is by far a better choice. 1 star is generous.
4 & 1/2 stars! Service was top notch, view was romantic overlooking venetian canals. Another bonus is u can hear the gondola drivers singing in the canal. Great lunch 3 course for only $22, which is a steal for this location and the food was great
If you give this place a rating of anything less then 4 stars then you better seek help cause something is totally wrong with you.
Can't speak to the other services the Y offers but the gym is well equipped and up kept. Staff always greats you on your way in and out. Good place to get a work out in.
Right now the Cathedral is decorated for the holiday. It is so beautiful. The trees, the lights, the beauty of the holidays, all in one area. Just walk into the lobby to see the sights, you will not be disappointed.
Amazing pizza. Thin crust is my go-to. You won't be disappointed. Employees were extremely helpful and cared about my visit. Well worth the drive and will surely return.
I have had a membershipnhere for years, and just recently found out there is no wifi! Even the diciest of bars has wifi for their customers! Can we fix this ? With that said, this is the best LVAC location, and the best times are 10 am and 1 am
They offer a wide selection of plants and trees as well as yard to decor. We tend to come here during the holidays. They have a really good selection of trees although their prices can be a little on the expensive side.  \nWe buy our holiday wreath from here because they offer different sizes and are very full.
By far the best movie theatre in Montreal
Tasty
Fun, Fun, Fun ! This is by far the funnest thing to do in Las Vegas! Put it on your bucket list!
Really awesome place! They have a variety of fishes and animals. Also, there is a spot where you can pet sting rays which is pretty cool. I reccomend this for little kids and children, they'll love it!
Stayed here for a few nights while in Vegas for my first time, the beds were very comfortable and nice the view of the pool was great and the room was clean. I am definitely wanting to come back here again
Good quality pizza and even better customer service.  Kyle waited on us and was one of the most attentive and pleasant waiters I have been helped by in a long time.  The prices are a bit high or I would have given 5 stars.
Very good place! The food was really good and the service was awesome. The food didn't take long at all, and it was piping hot!
I wish I could give a negative star! What an awful place! I get a receipt for $135.50, but my credit card was charged $285.50!!! Opened a dispute with my credit card company! Horrible service and lots of pressure to buy their insurance.
24 hour spot.  Good bagels although they weren't fresh from the oven.  If I could do it again, I'd ask specifically about which just came out of the oven and get those.  Overall, the bagels were like bagels anywhere else and I wouldn't venture out of my way to get them again.  Good not great.
The food here is amazing and the service is always great!!! Would recommend this place to anyone...
Gallway clam chowder, Irish shepherd pie, and Kaliber (NA) beer made by Guinness, with good Irish music, great wait staff. Loving this place!
Excellent tacos, I had carne asada and pastor. Highly recommend the pastor! The rice was pretty good and both salsas were excellent.
Though named Takeaway, there are three tables inside to eat at as well.  We tried the set meal for two and were very happy with the choices - all of the items were very tasty and fresh.  The only \"complaint\" we could have is that it was simply way too much food!  Very friendly staff and great food!
Great wings...cool place to chill
We tried a half dozen of these greasy, pretentious donuts. We didn't finish any of them. They had a mix of stale textures and weird tastes. Just bad. I can't believe I'm saying that about a donut. We really hated them.
A good place for Indian food. The decor and service were superb.
Erin S. - Just following up with you and Hello Bistro. Thanks for your response to my review. Although I got back to you immediately with the info you requested, 2 1/2 months later I still haven't heard anything further. Odd.
what up apt 200 you showed these new yorkers/la girls a great time, shout out to scott and cameron!!!\n\nxo\nthe downtown girls
Very good service by honest mechanics. Mike will tell you exactly what's wrong and if the solutions are worth are the price. They have a lot of knowledge and know many ways to help fix a problem. These guys won't rip you off!
Just like an extremely hot LA girl...looks great on the outside, but once u get inside it's quite boring and shabby.
Sooo tasty!!
This is the place to go with your furry friend!! they have a lake, a fire hydrant watering pool, obstacle course, a marsh, giant steps ( ampitheater ). this is a great park all around.
Excellent beer selection and not one , but two great IPA's!! This was my first, but not last time!
This company was \"no hassle\" and we even left spending $10 less than estimate!  The front desk gentleman was very nice and thorough.  I recommend this car rental. It was my first time using them and the price was great and the car was perfect!
Great food, service, and atmosphere! The staff loves kids! I recommend the chicken burger on pretzel bun and the beer-b-que wings!
They charge for chips and salsa refills, and after a half hour of sitting down, we still have not ordered, ended up leaving.
Best pulled pork in town!  You have to try the sexy fries...and do it when you can sit on the back patio and have a few drinks.  The bartenders are usually crabby but the servers are always awesome!
The wait wasn't as bad as it looked.  Our server was very friendly, but she could've come around a little more often (I don't like when my glass sits empty for several minutes).  I ordered a faily simple sandwich, but it was delicious.  I'd go back for sure.
To begin with, The Sugar Factory at Town Square has a great staff and an amazing experience. The only minus is that the food comes from a very select menu and is not all that great. Also, it doesn't even compare to The Sugar Factory on the Strip!
This is literally the worst pizza I've ever had.
We had dinner here again tonight! Can't say enough about the quality of the food!  Dining room is clean and new!  Had the generals chicken med. spice and was great.  Also had the sweet and sour chicken which was not overly sweet like most place I've had.
Great atmosphere in this place. Had a huge booth overlooking the bar. Had the prime rib, and was happy with it. Good place, a little pricey, but you already knew that.
Love this place. Best sushi in town IMO. Everybody I have taken here has loved the food. Very fresh and clean (means a lot coming from a germ freak). Lunch specials are the best!
This place has average food at best and everything is over priced. I would rather spend a little more and walk down the way to yardhouse.
The food was good, and our server and her trainee were very nice and helpful.  But the food was just good (which deserved 4 stars) but the manager seemed more interested in talking to the hostess than smiling at customers or asking them how they're doing as he walked by.  It's a chain, what should I expect?
Friendly and welcoming!  Did a great job! Wonderful quality of work!  Clean environment!  I will be a return customer!  Looking forward to many more great looking nails!  Can't wait to try a pedicure as well!
Tried the Chili in a sourdough bread bowl. Very good balance of flavors, well cooked, and worked in the bread bowl. In fact, it really tasted home made. I am very critical of chili, and they did a great job with it.
Came here 2 days in a row and was told the coolata machine was broken. Segun.  She says the exact same thing.
Cool place to come visit and check out tons of m&m merchandise.  Great place to wander around but it can get pretty pricey.  $13 for a pound of candy is a bit high fit for m&ms
Wasnt that great of a place and I was really hoping it would be. The food was rather bland in flavor and was quiet frankly over priced for what it was. Haven't gone back since my first visit to give it another chance yet
Really dissapointed.  I was very excited to come here and was ignored for twenty minutes before I walked out.  We even had a conversation about how I was waiting for a menu and some serves before the owner promptly forgot a out me and went to serve someone else.
PHO PHO PHO PHO. Get it. It's great.
Terrible service...  way overrated osso bucco.. gave 10 bucks off from my complaint and argued with me that it was one of the house favorites. . Taste like crap on my opinion
I used to love this place. This time the spaghetti is crap and the service is shit! Two young people working. I'm sure the other place is better!
Best doctor I've ever been to. He has discovered things about my health no one has ever found out about me. He is thorough and actually remembers who you are every time you come in. His office also gets you in same day usually.
The pizza was soggy, cold and when I think of a chicken caesar pizza, I think of flat bread with a fresh salad and grilled chicken, not blah bottled dressing under greasy, cold cheese and nary a lettuce leaf in sight.\n\nIt took too long on top of it.
My wife and I ate here over the weekend. It did remind us, although on a much smaller scale, of our trip to Venice and St. Marks Square. My wife had a risotto dish, which she loved. I ordered the tagliatelli. Very good food. Great service.
This place is great for everyone. Take time to read the whole menu. Also, if you don't want to leave your bed, give them a call for a quick delivery.
waiting in line is worth it...but the hostess was rude and the music is way too loud!
Hyper expensive beer, $10 for a Stella. Dirty booths.  One waitress for the entire \"box\" wasn't enough to give customers the attention they deserve when you are raping them with high prices.  The wrap was ok, but barely.
Restaurant is closed as of 2/09/10.  The sign is gone, and although the lights were on and tables were set inside, they quickly turned off the lights as we pulled up in front of the building.  They went back on as we left.  The phone number is now disconnected too.
This hotel was by far one of the prettiest for its cost. The restaurants  bathrooms and rooms were killer. Clean rooms and yummy food. Best buffet by far.
I've been waiting find a place with a good Philly cheese steak that was close to home.  My search is over!  The PCS pita is great.  \n\nHopefully the baclava that we just got to go will be equally good.\n\nFree WiFi also.
Our go-to Indian place for dine-in or take-out. Lots of tasty food & attentive staff.
I love thai food and go to various thai restaurants weekly. I went here recently. Waited 10 minutes to be seated. Then waited another ten minutes before leaving. I overheard a \"to go\" customer complain about the wait. She had been there for an hour! Very dated decor is another negative.
Nice place, I like the remodel. The service was great, food was good. The lunch specials include several good deals. I went for a late lunch so service was fast with only a few customers.
Didn't get what I had asked for number one. They didn't last very long number two. Was told this was the best. Even drove across town.
Exceptional Filipino cuisine.  Boneless Bangus was a highlight.  Have the coconut drink, and when you're finished with the liquid, ask the server to have chopped in half to enjoy the coconut flesh.
Stinks when they sit you in the back near the bathrooms. Sat near a couple that was getting up and coming to our table to view the memorabilia on the walls. It was very rude and we left early due to being uncomfortable.
My Mom has been going here and has had great success with her weight loss!  I went for the B12 injection.  The office staff is very nice and accommodating.  I'll be back this week for shot #2.  If you go just for the B shot you don't have to have an appointment which makes it very convenient.
Still Rockstar steller cupping energy Treacy Style massage!!! Simply the best!
Horrible, Awful Service.
great for late nights and recoveries
UPDATE 7/3/2012: Unfortunately, the salesperson has yet to return my call.
Second time we went and they were not making things listed on their menu.  Went specifically for their heavily promoted Crepe Cake, but they didn't feel like making it that day.  Won't go back to be disappointed again.
Typical steak house. Very overpriced but you pay for the scenery and service. Still a great date night. 18 dollars a martini.
Had the Egyptian Chicken Wrap and Egyptian Potato Salad. Outstanding tastes!!!
Extremely friendly service. Loved the food. I told my server that I thought the ginger mint tasted good and she gave me a handful to take home! She went above and beyond!
Went to get my shattered glass fixed on my galaxy note 3. Only took 3 hrs as promised. My phone is like new again!!
My daily routine is to drive to Starbucks to work everyday. I usually go to the one on towns center and charleston. I happened to stop by this one 2day and waited 25 min @ the drive thru before I got my drink. Not even an apology or comp drink. Horrible customer service!
Ordered a po-boy with blackened shrimp.  The shrimp was so oversalted it was inedible.  Had gumbo as replacement, it was passable but nothing special.  My wife had crawfish ettoufe which was good, but overall I don't recommend the food here.
Decent facilities. One reason I gave it five stars is because the owner was super nice and friendly to everyone. He was cleaning and sprucing up the place while I was doing my laundry. Also, I didn't have to wait for a machine and I did laundry in under an hour because of the super speedy dryers!
Just walked out!  My son and I sat on the patio for over 10 minutes with NO service. I had to walk back into the building to get someone's attention. I have never had a good experience with Ihop and now I will never go back. I am forever boycotting Ihop!
Just like other Starbucks
A nice quiet hangout for getting work done, with good coffee.  Area was clean, and staff was very friendly.  I also loved the fresh flowers on each of the tables!
Their patio is a nice area, wait staff was nice as well. However the food was alright, not worth the slightly elevated prices and they charge for extra chips and salsa.
Donuts are a 5.   Drive thru and wait times are horrible.   Total cluster f$&k\n\nIt should not take 25 minutes to get through a drive through\n\nThe people are nice but their process is so inefficient
Gorgeous, one of my favorite hotels. I can't give it five stars because I've never stayed here, but I've been to the clubs, taken in the beautiful displays and eaten at the restaurants. I'm a fan of it all.
Service is decent. Food is ok. Definitely not best indian food I have had. Good for them they are in vegas where other indian restaurants are pretty bad as well.
Came in for lunch and was very happy. I had the classic burger with garlic fries. I'm not sure what the sauce had in it but it was somewhat sweet. I liked it. Also had hummus with fried pita bread. Very good a well. The staff was friendly and service was very good.I would stop in again.
Love the new menu! With all the new options I have a hard time deciding what to order. Everything I have tried has exceeded my expectations! Will definitely be going back.
food is great  i loved the plymouth burger was so good i would give 5 stars if it wasnt so expensive it vegas but its not a 5 star restaurant or anything its a burger joint it was almost 70 dollars for two people  burgers fries and only two cocktails
Service was great, Waitress was Brittainey. Price for happy hours was crazy good. Much prefer a non-imitation crab option but the atmosphere was fun and overall the meal was very enjoyable.
Small and not much going on. After serving the guy working sits down at his laptop in the corner, chilling. Blah as expected.
Been here about twice and the service is always great. I absolutely love their broth, but just wished they had a little bit more to their menu.
A normal everyday Albertsons so groceries as well as a meat counter and alcohol section.
One star is too much.  This place sucks.  Food is not good, no service what soo ever and then to top that, the buffet is over priced.  Better to go to copper kettle in tempe.
We came because of the $5 glasses of wine and oh were they good. Viogner blend is crisp & fresh, the cab franc was smoky.  The service was great our waitress was very candid & funny. The apple & prosciutto bruschetta are both amazing, you can mix & match.
The food was good. The service was good. We would definitely come back to try other items on the menu. We weren't super impressed with the selection of food. Cool vibe, though.
It's about par for the course for shipping company's!! the staff has its good days and bad days but I honestly  don't mind going to this location. Only problem is that no one ever smiles lol! But all in all 3 stars!!
Great mobile service with a smile.  Bernice and her son repaired our tinting and did a bang up job detailing our car all right on our own driveway.   Very friendly, professional and detail oriented - will be using them many more times.
We LOVE this place.  My new favorite is miso ramen with a side of the \"spicy\" paste.  It comes very close to the chili pepper ramen I used to have all the time in Narita.  Gyoza are done perfectly! It's worth the wait!
The crepes were very dry (overcooked), the mushrooms tasteless and unsliced.\nThe crepes have no finesse.\n\nWhile the service was good, the food was pathetic.\n\nAvoid this place.
While my Burger was amazingly good.....I still didn't love this place at all.  The service and vibe of the staff is that of an old dive bar in Cave Creek; only they are young girls. Weird.  and the place isn't that appealing unless it is your neighborhood bar and its just a proximity thing.
Small portions of food, but a descent quality. Clean area and good customer service. Would not reccomend if you want a big meal.
Bartender Steve is super friendly & the fish tacos are awesome!
A most unexpected gem! If you are a wine drinker, fabulous flights! Great selection! I can't say much more other than... AWESOME!
The food was fantastic! The meatball, the fish, and the dessert all exceeded expectations! We were very pleased with our waiter's knowledge regarding wine and food pairings. Most certainly need a reservation, but we very much look forward to coming back. It was a true food experience!
For the money, best buffet that I've been to in Las Vegas. There are better buffets, but you'll pay a lot more. The food here was good, and the area was also clean. I'd recommend this place over the much pricier places.
For a sandwich this place isn't bad but nothing to rave over. I may have ordered the wrong thing but I wasn't way impressed. I felt like I was eating a normal turkey sandwich that my mom made. There were other items that looked good and so I would give it another try!
The best Chinese restaurant in the area, hands down.  Absolutely delicious.
Starving after our flight here, this hit the spot!  Burger was great, couldn't eat it fast enough...\n\nDifficult to understand the lady in drive thru... took a good 5 minutes to get through what we wanted to order but otherwise it was fine.
Love this place, it is good simple as that
Very tasty indeed!  Loved their shrimp bhoona.\nOverpriced, unfortunately.  Now I just go to Thali a few blocks west on St.Marc for half the price.  \nIf Allo Inde decided to make their prices more competitive, I would happily return.  Doubt that will happen though.
Give it a 3 out of 5. My drink was left empty for my whole meal. food was good. I would go back
Wow, getting wasted on a10.00 drink. Freaking good time had by all.  Definitely the place to get your drink on.
Booked two suites at the Mandaly bay resort and I was switched to THe Hotel. 8 in my party and needed the big rooms. They switched it on me and was not compensated. Butt sore? Yes.
Spur of the moment decision to eat at maggiano's food was good not great and service lacked in every way horrible is being nice.  They had an excuse for everything. Do not recommend. Wait staff was not professional.
The performance was mediocre,\nWe had a tough time obtaining water.\n\nThe food was overpriced compared to what it was.\nThe quality I got wasn't worth the price.
The BLT pizza is really good! and yes their ranch dressing is awesome.  The turkey pesto wrap is also worth it. As for the appetizers I'm always disappointed.  The place is super expensive but it the only place open at 2am :) beggers can't be choosers
I have been to Serigio's several times and never had anything less than a great experience.  The food is delicious, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the service is impeccable.  If you want authentic Italian food and atmosphere, come here for sure!  We will be back many times to come!
My favorite Mexican restaurant in Arizona.  Love the machomos with quest guillermo and the frozen margarita. Normally I'm a rocks girl, but the frozen stays cool on a hot summer day and doesn't get watered down. A must try.
Our platters were served on a very hot plate that kept our food warm.  The food was great but not memorable.
Grade: C-\n\nSub par food. Good service and decent prices. Think about it: Irish \"cuisine\". Yuck.
Fantastic! Chicken Calabrese was incredible. The Bolognese was very tasty.  We will definitely be back!!
Saw the great reviews on yelp and decided to try this place out since it was really close by to where I was staying.  I got the 12oz prime rib medium and was pretty disappointed because it was over cooked.  There's a huge difference between medium and over cooking it. Nevertheless the bake potatoes was not bad and the server was nice.
Frankie has some of the best Retro, Unique drinks In town!! the Mai Tais have style and the Bloody Marys have kick.
The staff were so rude and unfriendly. I will not spend my hard earned money to support this place!!! Besides it's too many choices in this area. Not worth it!
Food is better than the place looks.  I got a pasta dish that was impressive for a \"bar\".  They have good bar food too.
Love. Love. Love. We go once a month for summer rolls, waterfall, and pho. It is always fresh and amazing. We also order take out regularly- summer rolls and Thai basil fried rice. Viet-Thai is one of my fav spots in Charlotte!
Listen if your on yelp trying to decided what to eat chose this place the burger ORDER it !!! It was amazing HOLY grail of burgers ..that is all
She's a five star by far!!  The best lash work I've seen...  you will not be disappointed-  everyone's addicted to something, might as well be lashes by Kate!!  She is a gem-
Mr. Lucky's was great.  You got a lot for your dollar and the service was wonderful, our waiter was excellent.
I was there on my birthday June 30th with a friend of mine and we both got sick! Food poisoning! And when I tried to contact manager he never got back to me. I left a few messages an nothing! Never Again Going here!
I went here for a groupon and got suckered into upgrading services. I was not impressed with the services and should have just stuck with the regular car wash.
Place is AMAZING!  Food is great, service is great, and atmosphere is delightful.  Everything is fresh and their restaurant branded syrup is so good!
Terrible hair cut, the person cutting my hair (attempting) had to call someone over twice to fix her mistakes, I didn't think a \"one\" on the sides and a fohawk fad was too much to ask for, well ended up going home and shaving my head.... Stay away from this place
Best place for fusion Mexican food in town! Just moved out to AZ and could not find anything close to what authentic Mexican food would taste like till I went to Bandido.  I'm going to be a regular here.
Great quality sushi at a very affordable price. Went here for lunch and got the spicy salmon and spicy tuna rolls. Fish was good quality and the rolls were well made and tasty. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Will definitely come back.
Booze filled Guitars!! \n$40.00 and they play music!!
This gym masquerades as a decent establishment until it screws you by not letting you deactivate your membership.  It also has a sketchy clientele and extremely poor customer service.  Perhaps it needs to quit hiring 20 year olds who can't read well and have no sense of customer service.
Classic Hawaiian barbecue place serving Kalbi ribs, chicken, sliced beef and some seafood. I usually get the number four mix. Good food at a good price for that style.
I love the place simply because the food is very good for the price, its just that simple, not to mention Victor is my BOIIII...
Meh- I'm not impressed with this Goodwill. The selection wasn't great, the place was dirtier than I've seen most other Goodwill locations when I went in, and checking out must have taken at least 20 minutes with the lack of cashiers available. I'll search out other locations next time instead of this one.
Grade: C\n\nDopey staff. Okay food. Good prices. Even McDonald's updates their menu.
Had a homemade waffle cone with Almond Joy ice cream.  The servers were friendly and the ice cream tasted good.  Pretty much what I'm looking for when it comes to dessert.  Will definitely be going back the next time I visit my boyfriend here in the Burgh.
My mom and I went in here tonight around 7. The hostess was very polite and seated us right away. We sat ignored at our table for over 20 minutes, we were never even offered water. We finally left and found another place to eat. Very disappointing, we were excited to eat there and the food looked delicious.
Order without fear. Everything is wonderful!
50 cent samosa's. amazing snack
One of the best entertainer in Las Vegas , I would and I have seen the show again and again and again ! Lots of laughs
Ordered to go service many times and just like all the rest good service and good food. I love the bbq sassy salad with chopped porked. Soooo good. And the firecracker green beans are a must try. Delicious spin on green beans, I mean hello bacon!
I would recommend this company to anyone!  They came on time at the promised time. The person that towed my car was quick and professional. Also have new trucks that do the job perfectly.
Honestly, I only came here because the other restaurants had long lines but this place didn't. There wasn't much of a selection of food to choose from, but the turkey sandwich I bought was really good. Service was A+, too
The food was excellent. Very helpful wait staff. Our overall experience was wonderful.
Haze is a very nice club.  I didn't enjoy the long lines or the fat that there were no seats available for regular patrons but I guess that is one of the clubs rules.
Such a cute spot! brought my friends from out of town here, they absolutely loved it. Fresh. Flavorful. Unique. Y'all gotta taste the Eggs Benedict.
Glad I found this great shop close to home! Friendly, helpful, knowledgeable staff. Lots of great juice flavors and samples. Decent selection of hardware at fair prices. I'd definitely recommend it to newcomers and veteran vapers alike.
Passable.  Good for big groups.  The queso is better than the chips and salsa.  The various menu items *sound* incredible, and what I've had wasn't bad by any means, but not particularly memorable either.  Extremely convenient if you're staying at the hotel next door though, definitely worth it in that case.
I really like the remodeling going on
Ate here today\nI hope that there is something better in Scottsdale\nNot that it was bad, but nothing special from the service to the food\nI'd say Skip It !
I have to sit down and discuss pricing before I test drive a car?\n\nOh wait, no I don't. Because I've taken my business to a dealer that DOESN'T suck.
Went with a group of 8.  The hostess seemed nervous about finding a table for us and that process was a bit slow.  We were not told that kids eat free on Tuesday nights and that would have changed our order from the beginning.  Grilled cheese and french fries were good.
Had their pizza for the first time at a elementary school today. All were different stages of doneness.  Tasted like cardboard. Liked the oregano on op though.
I am in the service industry and my friends and I came here for my birthday. It was the worst experience and the bartender wouldn't give us lemons or limes for our drinks. She was rude and all over the place. We would have spent a lot of money but she deterred us from that.
I was not impressed! Long wait to sit when no one else was waiting followed by a long wait for our drinks when it was slow. Great beer selection but plan on spending a lot of time there.
Decent service. Not super friendly. Coffee was pretty good, not amazing by any means. It's a comfortable place to meet with friends and chat. Good atmosphere.
This place is very small. The food was okay. Not the greatest tasting food. I ordered seafood spicy soup with soft tofu and it was just okay. Probably won't come back.
Good Barista. Nice Friendly people. Slow service though.
I don't understand what people see in this place. Though it does have a vast selection of books, their trade-in program is a joke. They are overly picky, and don't pay anything in cash.
Made an appointment at 5:30 and literally waited 40 mins in room till the vet came in. He didn't come in till 6:10. What is the point of making an appointment if you don't even see anyone at the time you made?
So disappointing. Not only did the service take forever, the meat was dry, the corn was dry, the buns were dry. It's unfortunate. Last time we were here, it was great. Not sure what happened, but we won't be back.
The tomahawk was worth every penny.  You can tell it was elaborately prepared and cooked to perfection.  The ambience and decor were nice for an off-the-strip steakhouse.
This is the best place to eat in Casa Grande.  I love this place and all the people who run it.  Exceptional service and friendly always.  Ms. B
I stopped in to pick up a set of photos and they were not in. I had a confirmation and the manager was not the least bit helpful and walked away before I could even ask a question. I looked around at their run down equipment and was not surprised that the photos weren't printed but he didn't have to be so rude.
One of my favorites. I used to live in the neighborhood and even after moving, I will still travel back to get a gyro, spanikopita, or a feta burger.  Love this place!
great slice of pizza!
Call ahead. This place is so busy during lunch, you'll never make it during a regular lunch hour if you don't!
Great ambiance and view.  Preferred it to Mix
I recently stayed at the Mandalay Bay, and I loved the bedding. I found that Downlite is the manufacturer for the Mandalay bedding, so I purchased some for myself!\n\nhttp:///www.VegasHotelBedding.com
Pretty good burger for an airport. Phx airport now has all local restaurants and this is one of them. Try it with a fried egg
Must always make a detour here every time!!\n\nThis location is open 24 hours so got two 20\" Capastrami cut in half to take home as souvenirs for friends waiting at home. That's how we roll.\n\nA day later, heated up, still great!
Nice street side seating. Enjoyed the brunch (Eggs Benedict) and bloody mary bar. Overall a good experience and would return.
Pleasantly surprised! Didn't expect the light atmosphere from the outside... Great fast service... Decent price great food
2 Stars because the restaurant decor was Awsome but unfortunatly we never got to eat here.  We ordered our food and 60 minutes later we still did not have our food.  We had to get up and leave.  I'd like to think that the food would have been good but now I'll never know.
Kathy is great. ..will bring my Chupita back.  Very accommodating. .  I took her back for a touch up and they were able to fit her right in...
This place has the best french toast in Vegas.
Went there with a few work colleagues and we enjoyed our meal immensely.  Service was swift and very professional.  The restaurant was very clean and cool. The food was excellent. Absolutely full of flavour with generous proportions. And the price was also favourable. I like Indian food and would recommend anyone looking for Indian food to go there.
Not that great of a buffet but perfect for a quick breakfast. They only had like two people working though so they were running around like crazy. I recommend making your own omelet!
I bought my car here and get it serviced here as well.I have no complaints about anything.the service department gets you in and out.I like to checkout the new models while I wait.
Black bean beef, dim sum served all day, won ton soup....so many more dishes that are all tasty. This hit the spot after a week of bar food. Dishes are better than most Chinese restaurants at home in Los Angeles. Service is quick and attentive.  Prices are average.
guaranteed good time. get the tall $17 size with $1 extra shot. for a dollar a shot might as well buy $3 worth. what's 3 more dollars when you're already spending 17, make it an even 20. when in vegas do as...
Went here after a crazy night at xS. can't go wrong with steak and eggs for dirt cheap especially after 2am.
Good wings.  A person who worked there recommended the Gold Fever sauce.  I must say I was not disappointed.  It was spicy, yet tasty...  two things I like when I eat wings.  Too bad I don't live closer or else this would be a good place to go when I have a wing fix.
Great place for a date night...
Posh room and huge, yup that's the vegas standard!! Good service and i finally won some money on the ice-ice-baby slot machine.. love that slot, those cute penguin kept dancing to vanilla ice song.. hilarious and entertaining!
My bf had the Mediterranean sausage it was ok but certainly not worth $16. I had the Chicken Marsala.  Was not good. Little strips of chicken with a sweet watery sauce. Did not taste like Marsala wine. $19. Will return to Bueno Gusto.
Went here for the first time during happy hour last week. Great prices, great quality, small plates, $1 tacos, friendly staff, great smaller neighborhood joint!
fast and friendly good food.
More Austin powers than James Bond.  Dancers in god-awful outfits strut in raised boxes.  Signature cocktails are $10 and either too sweet or too sour, but come with adorable gummie bears.  Not exclusive as the name indicates, as you will see anyone who is everyone.
Aloha Yogurt is pretty awesome. I have only been here just a few times but I really love the place. They have awesome outdoor seating and really fresh toppings. They also have non-dairy yogurt! I would recommend.
The ambiance and food do not match. One must lower their expectations when eating here; it is, after all, a 24-hour diner. If you are coming for breakfast, must get the mimosa- lots of fresh squeezed juices to choose from. Breakfast food was BLAH but did the trick.
Same comment as Janine. Very nice host but that's all. Pretty disappointing food, bland taste. 2 dishes, 1 rice, 1 nan, 45$ (incl. Tax and tips). Not worth it at all!
Great pizza, reasonable prices, fast service - cant ask for much more!
Not for everyone but a second home to me. Love that doctors, lawyers, rockabillys, hipsters, douchebags, and homeless folks can co-exist peacefully and sing bad, but really fun karaoke. What more can you ask for?
I only stop here when I have to. No drive thru. It is usually packed with all the taxi drivers from the strip. They often mess up your order, and it seems like you either wait too long in line, or for your drink.
Underwhelmed by the food, good but not great. Cocktails however were delicious, a little pricey but expected at an upscale restaurant. The view of the Bellagio fountains were spectacular. We were able to walk outside on balcony and actually feel the water.
Very bad customer service! Look out for the lady ismara behind the counter. She is the wetzel pretzel devil!
Per usual a disappointing theater. Dirty bar top with un-bussed dishes. Unable to get a drink from inattentive bartenders. \"Unkept\" bar staff. Sticky theater tables and menus. Probably my last visit
Great staff but dry cigars wasted 20$ on two cigars that are as hard as a rock...very frustrating when you want to end the night with a good stogie
this was such an unexpected awesome experience in LV...the food was fab and the service was super! we went back twice just to try a couple more menu items! if you are in LV you must try lunch or dinner here!!!
finally had me some bojangles....yummy yummy in my tummy...the chicken tasted great, gravy, taters, rice was all good too....those biscuits they give you are ginormous!
They stop selling the soups early I wish they didn't!  Iam sick with the flu wanted a soup so my bf ordered fries it was ovrr cooked n tasted like chemicals.
Great way to get an affordable massage!  Hailey at the front desk was so great the day we joined and she always has a friendly smile every time we come!!  Try Byron he is my favorite therapist and he is really \"in tune\" with helping and healing.  Amazing!!!
Awesome hummus plates.... Especially the hummus with cilantro!!\n\nAwesome cauliflower app... I don't even like cauliflower but that app was amazing.\n\nMy wrap was just ok.
Took over 20 mins to get a bagel served. Upon arrival, there was barely enough cream cheese for half of the bagel! Too bad  as this was my first AND last experience here!
This place is so yummy!!! But make sure you allow time, becasue everyone else likes it too and the line gets long.
The food was absolutely horrible. DO NOT GET PIZZA! Or the Buffalo Chiken Wrap. Both were straight garbage. The staff was friendly and the place wasn't bad if you are going for drinks...just don't order food. \nI hate saying never but I will never go back there.
The food is great and the ambiance is great. The hostes or maybe the owener and I had a very nice conversation as if we've know each other for years about her mother and my friend and traveling.  I will be back.
They messed up one of our 3 to-go orders, but they didn't charge us for any add-ons like upgrading to onion rings. Burger was good! Not life changing, but a solid effort, especially for being a to-go order.
the food was good had huge portions for the price, saw a roach on the floor that was pretty unappetizing, coffee was good.
There is always a first - and this was my first experience with Americanized Vietnamese food.  It didn't taste awful, it just wasn't very authentic.  We ordered a bun dish, a tilapia dish and a bowl of pho.  I may possibly go back for the pho, but that would be about it.
Fantastic 'greasy spoon food' but it's no greasy environment. Clean as a whistle and yummy!
Awesome fries!! Excellent food and fast service. I always have a great time here. Seating is really hood be it outside or inside. This is a must try place.
Worst DQ I've ever been to. Dirty, horribly slow service...and say WHAT?!?!...they only have vanilla?!?!?! Somebody needs to rescue this DQ. Very runned down.
My favorite thing about this restaurant is that they try to support local farmers with their food.  Everything tastes like fine cuisine made at home... a perfect balance.  They have a nice small bar too if you want a cocktail or a beer.
WARP ZONE!!! This place is SUPER! (No pun intended). Not only does it have a great atmosphere of retro video games and a visual majesty, but they actually have a pretty decent sauce and pizza altogether. \n\nHope they're around for years to come!!!
The fruit loop is now officially, obsolete!!!!  No pudgy wannabe superstars serving drinks, no Joe Dirts at the door.
The best of the Blueberry Hill restaurants in town. Counter service is reminiscent of diners in NJ.
This is the most INEFFICIENT doctors office I've ever been to. I sat in the waiting room for an hour before finally being called in. Then I waited another 30 minutes in the exam room. Once the PA came in everything was good, but Christ.
50/50 - if the owner is there the food is perfect - when her families their in her place it's a hit or miss. The interior needs a face lift - it's a hole in the wall and looks pretty unsanitary.
I enjoy coming here.  It is easy to find right off interstate 85.  The wings and onion rings are fantastic. My favorite thing is the Tuesday all you can eat chicken. boneless wings, traditional does not matter! Bring your appetite and don't fill up on the fries!  Enjoy
Good food but prices are way too much for what they offer. $20 Bloody Mary? Ehhh
Hands down the best pouting you'll ever eat! They've got over 30 varieties of poutines, as well as other types of food. They've got poutine for all tastes, Mexican, Italian, meat lovers, and many more... A must try at least once!
Great place for cheap drinks. This place is laid back and will let you bring your dog in. They have quality beers on tap for low prices. The location is conveniently located by the lightrail. I would give them 5 stars but they play 2 many damn Boston sports!
Disappointing... Great hole in the wall feel but the donuts were dry and tasted like old oil. The fritter was too dry and really missed the mark.
The spaghetti and meatballs was okay, not great, certainly not worth the 40 minute wait.
Great coffee, phenomenal pancakes, and the rest of their menu is delicious...but the service is lacking.
Don't buy the bananas!  They refrigerate them.  They turn brown by the end of the day. Dole bananas are the worst.
The entrance is on one side, the exit on another. Don't go in the afternoon or you will be there forever. Oh, and don't go to try to get a money order if you're not a customer, they won't sell one to you. Guess they didn't want our money.
The place was hard to find and the pizza sucked. They burned it the first time around but made another one right away. \n\nThe bread and olive oil and parking was primo!
Not the cleanest but it plays all the new movies.\n\nNice to have a Yogurtland just a few feet away.
Great place the specials are fantastic, ask for Roy he'll make your experience exceptional
I get coffee or tea here a few times a week.  And the occasional pie.  Bakery staff here are tons nicer than the cranky ones at AJ's Pinnacle Peak.
Love the concept, sandwich options and quick service...  For all of you complaining about how long it took to get your sandwich, keep in mind that demand is high and they just opened.  Give them a few weeks to get settled before ripping the new business a new one.
Did not enjoy living here.  A very badly designed residential complex.
This place is amazing. It has its own vibe that draws just the right crowd of misfit artists. You wont find a better place to spend an evening among art and artists.
Not worth the money. For \"fine Mexican food\", it was cold and my $17 martini glass was dirty! Service wasn't good either. Won't be going back:(
Outstanding.
Fast....scrumptious...and great price!! I ordered from here by just picking by name lol...glad I did....from phone convo to delivery it was fast and easy....very poliet staff...i will be ordering again!!
Airport was very clean and has the nice and funniest employees I have ever dealt with. They were so helpful and even made funny jokes to brighten my day. Hope I have another connecting flight here in the future, would enjoy passing thru again.
This review is for the photography studio only.  We went here to get our nine month old pictures taken and had a bad experience.  Our photographer was not friendly at all, I don't think she smiled once, and barely got our usually super smiley baby to smile at all.  Next time I will definitely pay more and go somewhere else.
If there is one place that I liked when I visited Phoenix, its Yogurtland. Amazing flavors, great mix ins and cant beat the price.
This place is right by our house... Amazing food. Tastes like they pulled it fresh outta their farm the same morning!\n\nLiterally you can taste the dirt in the food... And it's great!
Clean room.  Shower is a joy, if you can figure out how to make it hot. Good views of strip. 3 tvs, one in bathroom vanity.
Very friendly staff and very fast delivery!! If you just want to relax at home and not cook ... Give them a call they will rush some great pizza and sides right to you.
hella stuffy.\nhella no space to dance.\nloooonnnggeessst wait ever in my life (even my party was on the guestlist).
Sushi was ok at best and plates were not clean. A fly landed in my water...Wait staff was marginal at best, staff was hailed multiple times. \n\nNot authentic Japanese food\n\nProceed with caution
I am not much of a Yogi but I do love yoga now and then. When I feel the urge to put on my yoga pants and do a few sun salutations I head over to Gilbert Yoga. I have been there for several workshops as well and even my kids have enjoyed the kid's yoga class. I highly recommend Gilbert Yoga!
Terrible service. was there over a half hour without anyone asking if we were ready to order.Wait staff,bartender and hostess were more interested in hanging out with each other then serving any guest.  My husband got diarhea shortly after eating there.
Cheap gamblin.... easy walk from Ballys. Great little spot
Good food, terrible customer service.  For me customer service plays a huge role in every dining experience.  So the attitude of the employees throws me off.
This place is horrible. I go here to pay a bill the line is out the door . The services rep or rude & lazy. It's like the   Arrowood dmv center come on now!!! SMH
Delish subs! Had an Italian sub today. Fresh everything! So much better than Subway.
Vegan Co-op with great food and awesome people! We were lucky to have a friend in Montreal show us this place, because we would have never discovered it on our own. It made my traveling vegetarian heart very warm and happy :)
Nick the bartender was super great, very accommodating and a great support system to our photo hunt game. He gave us some jello shots and hooked it up. We will be back here everyday for the next few weeks. Loveeee bison. Woo0
A fun coffee shop within walking distance of my house works great for me. Definitely not the best in the neighborhood but it has a very unique and fun style and I've never had to wait in line.
Very average IMHO. What is advertised as USDA Prime tasted like Choice to me. Had the ribeye and it was ok but nothing special. Ruth's Chris is better.
Best seafood buffet I ever have in vegas. Not too many people around 6 pm. Better than Caesar Palace in my opinion.
Disappointing visit today... empty container of sani-wipes, opened & half drank gallon of milk in the freezer section (disgusting!)\n\nAlways clean, never busy, friendly staff.
Awesome deal for all you can eat sushi and amazing prices on wine!! Selection is ok and flavor is the same. If you're looking for best value though this is the place to be. Customer service is on point as we'll except for when it came to getting the check it was a little slow.
Aria Home/Elements has the absolute worst customer service of all time. I have ordered bed pillows for two different homes twice and each time the service was terrible. I am shocked at the poor level of phone/email service from such a beautiful and reputable hotel.
I'd give it a 2.5 but can't.  It was really interesting but had major slow parts throughout the entire show.
AYCE that's literally 3 minutes away from the house.. good selection, fresh fish and oh yes, UNI included!!
Love the Mexican Chocolate Cinnamon Latte!!! Breakfast is always phenomenal. Service is always friendly and well paced. Price is on point for the area. Great little spot in the art district!
Very plain food. I've been a couple times, usually as a result of other Duluth restaurants being full. I might go again under those circumstances, but never as a first option. Don't expect much!
Awesome experience! Efficient professionals. Couldnt have been a smoother experience. Great pricing, great customer service
I ordered one of their signature dishes: macadamia nut chicken for lunch today and thought it was excellent.  The wait staff and d\u00e9cor was also very pleasant.  I would love to come here again and try their sushi!
Bad experience. Terrible delays. Broken promises. Never open. doesn't answer phone.our  tapes were of a family vacation in hong kong. Last 20% of tapes were  of someone else's kids bday. All phone lines are disconnected.
Massive, gorgeous, and pulsating with athletic energy the moment you step inside. It's workout heaven.
The vegetarian entree here was out of this world! If i'm ever back in Pittsburgh I'll make it a point to stop here!
The outdoor seating is great and part of it is covered so if you want to stay out of direct sun, this is the place.  Great view of the square and the fries are really delicious. I didnt like the smoked tomato bisque, it was vinegary, but my boyfriend loved it.
I took my Honda there for some routine maintenance and brake work and I was very pleased. They fixed the problem and they were very friendly.
Loved the chicken wings and vegetables with crispy pork. The General Tso's was a bit more sweet than spicy for my taste. Unlike other reviewers, our service was pretty decent. Definitely coming back to try something else.
A few more family members have stayed here now, and the main thing that brought this hotel down a star in my opinion is just how old/run-down it is. It's still an excellent place to stay; the rooms are just definitely starting to show their age.
Giving this place only 2 stars only because this is the 2nd time we have tried to come for dinner and they were closed! Hours of operation are till 10:00pm! It's only 7:30pm. The food is really good but this is a good way to lose business.
I love this place. I have only been by for coffee and breakfast and it is one if my favs! The coffee is great and the lox bagel is AMAZING! You must at least stop by to try their coffee.
Nice atmosphere. the breakfast is good. The staff seems friendly enough.  The macaroons are disappointing.although tasty, they are a little soggier than I would prefer. The Union at Biltmore has far better macaroons than these and 2-3 times the variety.
Walk in and had no clue what I was looking too eat but the cashier was very helpful and I order the lamb and chicken kabob with humus and I loved it. The price was very fair so I left there happy and full.
Was here for. March of Dimes event. The park was clean and had a nice covered play area.  Its not close but if we were in the area we could stop by
It's an okay place, make sure you bring in a coupon because it's a little bit pricey. It also depends on the stylist too.  Amanda does an awesome job I recommend her.
I used to visit this location out of convenience, but I'd have to agree w/ the other reviewers.. the end result is mediocre. My rear view mirrors usually have really bad streaks, they don't spray my car w/ the request car freshener and my seats & mirrors are usually messed with.
Good food, but average service.  The margarita's are very good.
Great little place! The Manderin Shrimp is my favorite, I can eat 2 orders. The rolls have been quite pleasing as well. There are some very interesting ones to choose from. Fun to go in and try new things!!
There was a long freaking line luck i was on the club crawl! I was not impressed definitely been to better clubs the music was not really my scene.. Maybe it got better as the night went on..
Not worth the money... It was basically a square room...
Good thin crust pizza not greasy.  Very fast delivery but 2 topping, large, thin crust, delivered, $22.58. Maybe a bit high$ for 3 people.
I have no complaints, other than the prices are higher than other places. The location is convenient and the cashiers are always friendly.  I was reading other reviews about the cleanliness of the store, and it's strange because I've lived here a month now and haven't had any of those experiences.
Love this place! They always remember us and the food is real awesome Italian food!
Good, cheap, pretty average but yummy middle eastern.  I like that they deliver and are friendly.  I don't like that they microwave your food while in the styrofoam container, just weird and what does that release into the food?\n\nI will probably eat here again.
Was not greeted at the door. I was charged $18 for  a simple cut 3 on top and 2 on the sides nothing else.. Should've gone to great clips which is in the same plaza, friendlier staff and better prices.
Delicious! Perfect Sonoran cuisine at really great prices. \n6 taco basket, loaded nachos and a cheese crisp plus three drinks for around $40. \nService was super friendly and it was luckily not too packed on a Sunday afternoon. Would definitely come here again.
Doesn't look like Arizona barbers can cut hair and I'm not sure why that is :( \n\nI don't think my hair is that hard to cut it's rather short but for some reason it's easy to mess up and I'm not sure why!
LOVE that this is close to my house and that the wait was only 20 min. Love both the verde and wiseguy pizza.
One scoop of gelato is $3.51\n\nHappiness.
I love this place. After eating at cherry blossom we walked over to get a dessert. I love their taro milk tea boba. And also their green tea Snoh w mocchi, peach and caramel. It has less calories but not minus the flavor. The concept is very unique and I love this place
Aaron is the bomb. He was early to our appointment, prepared, helpful, and entertaining. It's nice to have someone explain to you how your phone works and the different pieces parts as he reassembles it. This is a cool business. I will absolutely recommend to my friends.
Pleasantly surprised how good the selection of food was for the price of $10 on sunday. Can't beat that price for what you get here..\nThey have the mongolian grill where they cook your noodle fresh and you can put whatever meat and veggies you want.
who was the genius who made one entrance and exit off sahara blvd. by a light, an inconvenient way to get in to such a huge mall.\n\nif there would be any incidents where people have to evacuate they'd never make it.
Great pancakes and free refills on soda, as soon as I finished the first drink the waitress came with another drink immediately. Friendly staff and fast service (5PM).\n\n- The toilets were not clean.
Literally the best optometrist I've ever been to. The entire staff was friendly. Dr. Manos was down to earth and engaged. The assistants never rushed us and gave honest opinions on the frames we were choosing. I couldn't believe how reasonable the prices were! I highly recommend this place.
The room was adequate for the price. I guess you really do get what you pay for! Outside was in need of some major tlc and groundskeeping. Front desk people were very nice and helpful. As for breakfast, you'd be better off going to the Denny's that sits next door!
Came for a quick cone before getting on the tram. It is what is to be expected from a small ice cream shop.
Never really liked their subs. I also worked with a couple employees and they hated working here (this location). They also said most of the profit go to feed the owners' drug addiction. So... Yeah.
A delicious breath of fresh air just off the craziness of the strip. Their breakfast is really good, and for a great price. Greek Omelette was huge and filled with lots of feta! Their French toast is thick and cinnamony! Everyone was really friendly and the service was terrific.
Pleasant staff average tasting burgers with a large beer selection. Nothing more nothing less.
Came here with my sis on Christmas Eve to check out the Fremont Experience. Very nice people. Prefer Hip hop music to dance but it's ok. Very empty but I'm sure it'll be full during warm evenings. Will come again during the summer.
The staff and service was okay.  However,  The \"regulars\" think they own the pool tables so if they want your table they will kick you off, and the staff does nothing about it, if you do say something the bouncers kick you out.  Definitely will take our business else where...
Went there for lunch yesterday, food was ok, service was lacking, server forgot our soup and fries, had to ask for them, never refilled my tea. Will not be going back.
Sehr guter Kaffe.
Great, great ambiance!  the bartenders were super attentive and gave generous drink portions -- yay!!!!
Some of the best bbq in Pgh. Only place my southern husband will eat bbq. Even the in-laws agree.
Local business...GREAT selection, GREAT flavors, & GREAT SERVICE!!! Forget the chains--support a Las Vegas institution!!! Only drawbacks--cash only, & a to go place only.
The steak sandwich is a fancy cheesesteak, killer! The Original Spot is really good! The salted caramel cheesecake is so good you'll wanna slap your momma!
I've always had a pleasant experience at Mojo in Tempe Marketplace. I have been to this location about 4 times and they always provide good quality and value. My favorite is the red velvet froyo.
Went there based on yelp reviews.  Had Fritto Misto for appetizer and Linguine Mare Nostrum for main course.\n\nService is attentive; food was fine but not much flavor.
Always have had poor attitude but mix is greatly decreased. This is a place where you want to buy and the clerk unsells you. This is a store I go to buy and typically go elsewhere and buy the same item the same day.
How is it port authority has the money to build a pointless over pass on the east liberty busway, but can't update their online system for smart phones to be able to determine where a bus is located at? I waited two hours today in the freeZing cold to get to work. Had to call off it was just to cold out!
Stopped I for a pedicure randomly, Really fast and friendly, the guy who did my pedi was very nice even had a pleasant conversation... He told me I had healthy feet haha. No one was pushy, honestly one of my best pedicure experiences
The guys at 412 are curating great merchandise from some of the top names in cutting edge, 'old school' street style that is perfect for young Pittsburgers of all ages!
Very friendly staff, fgood food and quiet atmosphere.  Been back since our initial visit.
Food was great and the blood orange martinis are soooo good. We went on a Sunday night and only had to wait like 20 min. And there were 4 of us. We took our kids with us and they enjoyed the wings and a burger.
The best frozen hot choclate which im sure you already know, they should divide into more lines than just a giant one wrapping around the place, and the bar should be a lot bigger. None the less the food is great and the drinks are strong. Gotta love it
Will never come here ever again! Horrible service!
Great food and service! Been here a few times with my boyfriend and we are always pleased! We are gluten free so there isn't much for us there but so good when we want to cheat (on gluten free) or for a continental breakfast. \n\nOh ya and great coffee drinks!
Tried coming here again because it was closer to where I was at the moment but again same issues got my drink wrong and the place was filthy here is a photo I would like to upload so hopefully upper management will see and make some changes
Had an outpatient knee arthroscopy here.\nThe experience was sufficient for the cost i incurred. Nothing great.\nThe staff wasn't that courteous.
Worst iced coffee ever I I ordered a small iced coffee with pumpkin flavor and soy milk there must have been only two ice cubes in the cup not a hint of pumpkin flavor customer service was good so two stars instead of 1
The broth and meat was delicious. The only problem I had was a surplus of bean sprouts and not enough noodles. Everything else was amazing!
Being a Chicago native, I think this is the best pizza AZ has to offer, or at least of what I've tried.  They are a staple for me and I hope there is a franchise on the west side too!
We watched the Restaurant Impossible episode and decided, how many chances do you have to go to a place that's been on a reality TV show?  So off we went...\n\nThe food was actually amazing!  I'm talking lick your plate clean amazing!  Too bad it's so far away.
Wandered in here for lunch with my wife. I had the lamb vindaloo and she had the vegetable korma. It was the best vindaloo I've had in years and teh service was pretty damn good too.
we eat here everytime were in vegas. i even had my wedding reception here in may of this year.very friendly staff and the manager was super nice. they have different types of food stations so you will be stuffed when you leave and the dessert bar is way good!
Gourmet food with superb service. Decor is a 40's Bogey movie.
We love the food here :) yum yum yum :) Can't wait to go back. The only bad thing is the place is so small..wish it was bigger so the wait wouldn't be as long. Hopefully with their success will come a larger restaurant
Really shitty place. Takes forever. Just bought 10$ worth of food. I ask for water. The lady says one dollar. I give her my card, Samar card I just bought my food with, and she says no. She said I have to spend 5 dollars min. This bitch.
Purchased my daughters bike here, the staff was really friendly and helped find the right bike for her. Thanks cool people at S.C
The food is terrible and the service is even worse. Never have I been treated so badly by an owner of a restaurant. He treats his staff just as poorly. He should be ashamed and embarrassed. Such a low life that he went through the garbage for used cigarettes to smoke.
I am always drawn to this place.  The bacon cheeseburger is above average.  Plus the fries here....I devour them.  Service is always standard.  Nothing ever \"wows\" me here.  But I prefer this over other burger spots.
Every time I call I always get the recorder. They seem to never be open. It is right now 4:45 in the afternoon and they do not answer the phone to place an order. I'm not sure they really are a company. How can you eat there if they don't answer the phone?
I feel so rejuvenated when I leave a hot yoga class. Sumits yoga is where it's at. They don't have lockers for your belongings just cubbies. So leave your valuables in your car or home for 60 or 90 mins depending on the class.
It's closed now. \n\nLos Favoritos took it's place.  A significant improvement.
Just had the Ribeye steak with blue cheese on top. OMG! Combined with the fantastic desert, it was a gastronomic explosion. \n\nPlus the staff is really friendly. Fun place. Definitely worth 5 stars for me.
Amazing!\nAbsolutely authentic and delicious pizza! This is the real deal. \nGreat service, superb ambience. Highly recommend this place.
Great service, great food, priced a little high, and the coffee is horrible. They need a light breakfast blend instead of the sludge.
Terrible experience. Rude staff. Will never again frequent this hotel or anything to do with this hotel. Just tried to go on a simple ride. If you like employees waving their hands in your face as you're taking a picture or showing no concern for you as a customer, then this is the place to go.
Riprama, ordered pad thai, lors of noodles, very little chicken,.and ONE shrimp, first an last time there!!
I went here a couple times then stopped.  The bartenders are WAY to into themselves, which is probably the reason the service sucks.  What this place needs is people interested in serving the customer not posing.  I don't need to be looked down on by the people slinging drinks. And it's too bad cause I like the owner.
Seriously a charge for using an debit card? Don't stop here....go across the street to the 7 eleven.
Ollie Vaughns is adorable! had the grilled cheese without mushrooms and added tomato. It was heavenly...crispy on the outside and melt in your mouth juicy on the inside. Yum!
Why isn't this BH chain in Atlanta?? Good God, this place is yummy (and I know good cupcakes, trust me!).  I got red velvet b/c its my standard to judge a cupcake shop by and it was heavenly!
No lie, I'd pay $20 more to see a concert here than I'd pay at 99% of the venues I've been to.  Clean, booming sounds with crisp highs and lovely mids throughout the Fiona Apple show only make me wish more bands I love would come through Mesa.
Worst apartments I have ever stayed in ...... Pipes were infested with spiders .... Bugs all over the place and the management didn't do a damn thing! I wouldnt recommend thesevapartments  to anyone!
Had lunch (4 of us) Tuesday afternoon; not too crowded. Members of our group really liked the Ilios salad with chicken and the salmon salad. My chicken souvlaki with Greek fries was OK. Fries seemed especially dry, almost seemed re-heated. Still a decent lunch all the way around.
Very satisfied customer so far. The food is great and the service is exceptional. Special thanks to the owner for my free tea!
Second time and I'm still just as pleased as I was last time. They took their time and listened to what I wanted. Everyone is super nice. I was offered a beverage several times. I got a pedicure this time around. Loved the massage chair. The foot tub had pretty lights and I got an amazing food massage!
The food has no taste. Very bland. The guacamole has parm cheese on top and is creamy. The fajitas were covered in cheese. There was no taste!
best in town.  always go back for more.
Consistently refreshing, different and unique. :-) friendly staff.
Favourite lunch place - friendly and professional service, very good food, and a nice place to sit down, relax, and chat with your mates.
3.5 rounded up to 4\nI like this place. Food is good. Service is ok. atmosphere is ok.
My favorite restaurant.  Try the Sakura roll and a bottle of Xingu!  You will NOT be disappointed.  The place is hip and beautiful -- great wait staff, excellent food and the music \"Buddaha Bar\" like (sometimes a tad too loud though).
Not bad. Fairly small location. Staff was friendly, selection is kind of lacking.
Pizza Hut is absolutely to be avoided at all costs.  It is disgusting.  It makes Duner's, located in the same shopping center, seem appealing, and you can see that it too gets one star from me.  That is all.
Sweet tea and spicy chicken sandwich was yummy! Spicy chicken was actually spicy which was nice. Also criscut fries were seasoned appropriately.
Homie, this place is great but sometimes it's just closed unexpectedly. Sometimes I'll go by and it's just not open when it usually is and other times it's closed for a \"health violation\" or something like that.
Great street parking spaces along both sides of the road, what is there not to like?
I know lots of people that rave about this place and I frankly don't get what the big fuss is about!  Food was overpriced and mediocre at best.  I've been to other places that had much better food and cost less.
Worst service they never check up on you if you need more drink and food was alright. Only saw our waitress once when she brought us our food and after two pick up her check.
Had an emergency qipaow dress situation and needed it made smaller in a hurry. Went on the rec of my bridesmaid and I'm v happ that I did. Good pricing and fast service, my dress was ready faster than I expected it could be!
Boris is the best shoe professional in town!  I am an executive and I wear suits everyday and he takes care of all my shoes. I would highly recommend him!
This is the SALTIEST pizza we've ever eaten!!!!!  We'll order Little Ceasars before we get it from this place again.  Service was good though, and the pizzas were ready on time.
Tried it for the first time this morning and will never go back. The potatoes were to peppery and the bacon didn't even taste like bacon. My husband and I both got sick. The manager scolded one of his employees in front of customers. The only thing good were the pancakes.
Love this restaurant. The food is fresh and flavorful. I had the chicken pita and a side of hummus. The hummus is obviously home made and not from a big manufacturer. Tastes wonderful. Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff.
Great and convenient!  Delivery was prompt and friendly! Mozzarella sticks were perfect even with the delivery, burger was delicious and so were the chicken wings. The best part of all, the brownie!!!
Oh boy...do I love some Bojangles!\n\nI'm not going to waste your time saying all the great things about the food at Bojangles that have already been said.\n\nA smile and a friendly voice could improve things here.
About 2 weeks ago there were little shits throwing potatoes at the cars going down Robindale towards rainbow. \nNeedless to say they met the open end of a loaded pistol. Little fuckers ran like hell. If i ever catch one it will be a really bad day for them
Waitress took a long time to seat us. Then didn't give us an option on table choice (we didn't want to sit in the doorway), when I asked her to move she told me \"you can sit over there\" in such a rude tone. We decided to leave.
this is by far the very best chicken pot pie i had ever had,hands down & i had alout in my day...
We ordered through a delivery service to have delivered to our office. The chocolate malted crunch was stale and old. So disappointed since I love going here. Wasted money on this delivery!
Was convinced to go here yesterday with my daughter's club volleyball team, even though I knew better.  Service was so slow, no refills on drinks, food was poor quality and taste.  NOT a good experience or meal.
Went there last night and had the meatloaf.it was very good. The service was good and the staff was very friendly and engaging.
The best Asian food buffet I've ever had here in Arizona. Amazing fresh quality and preparation. . So much to choose from. My boyfriend and I really love this place. 5 stars all the way!
OK BBQ. Pretty expensive for the serving size.
I like the sandwhiches and salads but they do not have any low fat balsamic vinegrette dressing! Thats the only king of dressing i like! last time i was there i had to eat my salad without dressing and soda i had was totally flat!!
The food was very good. Value was fair. Food service was poor. Wrong order for one meal. Server would remove dishes from the table and leave them on the top of the wall along our table. Se of the service was over the wall instead of walking around.
Only reason this place is busy is because its open late and its free to get in. Weird mix of even weirder people.\n\nIts really a pub with a small dancefloor. You can hardly classify it as a nightclub.
I went there for my birthday to get gel French nails done. The workmanship was good but within a day they cracked and started peeling. When I got home I was told that they did not do a proper job.
Over-rated, over-priced pies. The banana cream pie tasted artificial and cost 18 dollars!  Save your hard earned dollars and buy a grocery store pie. You'll feel better about your purchase!
My family and I have dinner here at least 4 times a month.  They have excellent pizza and terrific wings.  Sometimes, I'll stop and order from their lunch menu which includes an assortment of pizza and a salad bar. I recommend if you're looking for great chicago style pizza!
It's the closest grocery store to my house...seems like every time I go its only one or two lines open....service sucks
The Super Gyro is pretty darn good!
Fantastic. Best Mac and cheese ever. Steamed clams were amazing. Fresh corned beef. My son had chicken fingers I didn't know whether to eat or rub all over me they were so good. Only negative ordered makers mark on the rocks. Very small pour.
Live this place. Great quality food. Portions are good. Wish get were a bit bigger but good nonetheless. Prices little high. But still worth it. Love their food (:
My husband and I got chicken burrito to go. Later I found big ass blonde hair in my burrito ewww. Not good
This hotel needs upgrades. No coffee maker in the rooms, terrible wi-fi only allows one hook up have to pay for additional devices. Carpets dirty and staff limited. Very disappointed will not stay at this hotel ever again..such a big hotel you think they would have free wifi
Grouchy johns not only has amazing coffee but also has some of the best service in Vegas. They make you feel at home while you sip on some amazing caffeinated goodness.
We loved this beautiful museum with friendly staff.  Get the free headsets to learn more details.  It had a great balance of local history with more contemporary art.  We saw some new (just new to us) techniques and mediums like casein paint, egg tempera, etc. Very nice little gift shop.
This is my favorite place in charlotte, with my grandmothers nursing home across the street and me traveling all the time on an fixed amount to spend per city it's great too just sit by the pond and people watch.
I wasn't wild about this place but it was perfectly okay. It's kinda a generic Asian restaurant that does not specialize in any one thing in particular. More Asian than island.
In response to review below - the country club has a dress code. Just like pretty much every country club. My husband loves golfing but not as much as gambling so we only breezed through once. It is very nicely manicured.
I first had Rita's when I lived on the east coast. I was excited to hear of one opening locally.  They have great ice's and custards.  This is a terrific place to go; the flavors are intense and ever changing.  Mix it up a little, try something new.  You won't regret it.
The deep dish pizza is nothing like pizza from Chicago.  Everytime we go, afterwards we ask ourselves, why did we just go to this restaurant?  The last time we went, everyone in our party felt ill after the meal.    Plus, the restrooms are disgusting-really now, get someone to clean them up.
L'endroit id\u00e9al pour un rendez-vous d'affaire ou pour \u00e9tudier... le tout autour d'un bon caf\u00e9!
This restaurant reminds me of an abusive relationship. One server was extremely nice and the other almost made my friend cry. Beside that the food was extremely authentic. We left with mystery meat stuck in our teeth.
Very friendly waitress. Unfortunately almost everything on menu includes pepper to which I am allergic.
I love lobster!!!!! Lobster roll and lobster mac n cheese are awesome! It's expensive, but locals get 20% off. Oh, and try the garlic fries! Yum!
the best mushroom pizza ever!!!  a bit load inside and crowded tables but outside was nice.
Friendly staff and good lunch specials, but the silence in the place was deafening! Please turn on some music!!  Also, it was not clear what items were fried or not in the descriptions of the dishes so make sure to ask.
Delicious custard, clean establishment. The scoop prices are very affordable and the staff is funny and friendly. \n\nDo not bring a dog in though, they do not allow pets at all.
Not too happy. Very soft hands \nI asked to have strength harder.  Chinese lady got mad. So she made it even softer. \nAfter paying I asked for a receipt. She said don't have . No receipt\n What a rip off. \nGo elsewhere
Cheap buffet. That's about the only positive. Nothing really tasted good. Everything tasted old and reheated multiple times.
inexpensive and quick.\ni was surprise the food was good and lots of it, pretty much a little something for everyone.
Best Hawaiian restaurant in Las Vegas. Hands down.
Frigid temperatures and the host won't allow diners to wait inside for a table. After finally being seated, our rude waitress informs us that their soda machine is broken . Overall, not a pleasant experience.
pretty cool club right by where i live staff could be nicer though
Save yourself from disappointment by walking in with low expectations. If you're after a celebrity chef restaurant here in Las Vegas, hit Mesa or Scarpetta instead.
Very nice staff. Clean and modern decor. I believe they take all insurances. Dr Hanks has a great bedside manner.
I love In N Out but this location is awful ! My food was cold once I received it , I waited at the window for over 20 minutes and all I ordered was a burger . Seriously slacking
Super fun. I started playing a year ago, helped me get in better shape and I met a lot of cool people.
I love that they have a gluten free menu.  The gf pancake is a nice rare splurge.  Beware! It's totally addictive.   Best part? Real whipped butter.
This location is just alright. It's your standard old navy. I give it 3 stars because it always seems that the ladies section is never fully stocked. There's a certain area that always seem to be empty. What's up with that?
Went on a tuesday night and a guy was killing it on the guitar and singing, love live music!  Food was tastey too, cool patio, pricey but I good time.
Stopped by to pick up a quick sweet treat and got the rice crispy treat.  It was STALE!  The cereal was stale when they made it.  this place is gross.
I started training 4 weeks ago with Seth. The first few sessions were tough. I began getting stronger right away, and appreciated the encouragement from Seth. I am well on my way to reaching my goals and actually really look forward to the 5:30 am workouts! Thanks to Seth for helping me get my body and strength back!
We made our way over to check out the MGM last week on our trip to Vegas. To our disappointment the whole place smells like disgusting carpet cleaner. The smell was so bad we had to leave and the smell stays in your nose for a good 30 minutes after you leave. I would not recommend going if you have a sensitive nose.
It was the most expensive pizza I have ever seen. I had someone call in an order when I got there I got sticker shock it's just pizza it's good no pizza is worth that. Service I don't know it was a Togo order. They will not see or my family again
Long wait for food (when there was no line to order), pretty low quality on the sandwich -- had the lobster mcmuffin, pretty gross and not even assembled together
Terrible service! I sat for 30 minutes watching people with appointments get served. No problem with them honoring appointments. Big problem with not communicating that they are booked and the wait time would be 1+ hour!
Don't get me I love sport clips. It's my favorite hair cut place. But when we came to this one the manager was very rude and had an unpleasent attitude. I gave it one star for my last visit.
Great place loved all the B-boy events there.\nAll you can drink is lame with all the watered down cheap booze :-/
For as bad of situation as my case was, James handled it with care and diligence as he was able to give me a reduced sentence along with a lower fine. The whole staff is very knowledgeable and proficient in their responsibilities. I would highly recommend this lawyer for DUI cases.
Very passable Mexican food, and the best you're likely to find in this corner of the state.   It's our regular stop when collecting rocks in this region.  Never had anything exceptional.  Never had anything that wasn't good, either.
Never again. Not even if all the drinks were free...!
I had early breakfast on a Sunday at their buffet. The food was delicious, very Las Vegas gluttony. As far as the hype, I still haven't seen it yet, though I'm warranting another try at this place.
Good hangover breakfast. HUGE portions. ANGRY service. Get the sausage.
Great service most of the time. Super fresh ingredients that wont weigh you down even with a large dish. I am an addict for the combination pho bowl. The quail app and shakes always make my day. A great place to warm up during cold weather and a really nice deal for such quality dishes.
I have heard a lot about this place so i decided to try it.\n1. The girls that greet you seemed a bit snooty\n2. The hamburgers were cooked properly but absolutely no flavor .. just very plain \n3. And way way over priced ..
The food is wonderful but the staff is a disappointment!! They forgot to give me my mandarin sauce on the side and I called and they just hung up on me.
Flancer's has the most AMAZING sandwiches put that together with a great staff, that's what makes this one of my favorite places in town to eat!
Great reliable and friendly service. Nothing better than a clean car. Cloud 9 is excellent.
Sloppy server, makes you wonder about the kitchen if they allow you to see the unkept servers.  Our server had a ripped shirt and there were others with old food stuck to their uniforms.  The food was just okay.  The restrooms stink to high heaven.  Don't think I will be back there anytime soon.
My husband and I saw Carrot Top yesterday at the Luxor.  He was hilarious.  We have seen several Vegas shows and this was by far our favorite. Well worth the money!
Best pizza ever. Nuff said. Prices are cheap and food is good.
Best.pickles.ever!  The black bean dip is the best I've ever had as well.  Has a smoky/bbq-like taste.
We came here in search of prime rib. They were out except for one serving. We had 12 people. It was not good. Sadly the best part of everyones meal was the free salad.
I come here often, its good food for cheap. I rather eat here than fake chinese food at panda express. They even have fresh hanging roast pork, roast duck which is not that easy to find around AZ
This place is ok. The portions are good but the food is merely passable. Might be a good place to have a couple of beers. Would come back for a quick between flight beer but would look somewhere else to eat.
Great place for a breakfast burrito or other Mexican fast food.  They take their time preparing your order, and customize it to your delight (without charging extra for anything).  Great value for the quality and experience--it's always an inviting and fun place to visit.
If I could rate these people 0 stars I would. They are absolutely awful. They towed my friends car from the jack in the box parking lot when jack in the box didn't even call them. They are a bs company and the fact that they only accept cash just concretes the fact that they should be shut down as soon as possible.
This is a nice place if you don't care about money. A miller lite was 8.00 and a shot was 9.00. Be ready to empty you wallet at this place. And the only restroom is upstairs!
Let's start out with this is a great place to hang out, Noel is a great bartender and should receive more stars. My rating is on food and gaming. \n\nThe food service has gone done hill with Mama's in there. At one time the food quality was good. The gaming machines have a terrible payback.
No customer service at all.\nService is really bad. I will never go there anymore waste my time n money.
Loved it!  For an AYCE sushi place, the menu is extensive.  We especially enjoyed the Grilled Pork Belly, Scallop sushi and Sweet Shrimp sushi.  They added the shrimp head to our miso shiru so it had a wonderful flavor.
I wouldn't review a Walgreens if only for the fact to let you know that this is not a 24hr location. The nearest is at Dobson & Warner and they also have a Redbox. This one does, but again they are only open until 10 pm.
I will miss you.
Waiting for shuttle !!! Head to airport soon..was a good stay at this hotel ..cuz we got a cheap package with air n hotel $130 for 4 days..the room was in the tower 1..was old nut clean..very big compared to the newer rooms..
Fantastic service. Simple menu with gret tacos and salsa.
Got me an Oreo Cheesequake Blizzard & it was great!  It's also buy 1 blizzard at reg price & get the 2nd of = or lesser value for .99!\n\nAs for the store experience... Typical chain. Ya know what to expect. They were courteous & pretty quick.
Amazing people!
Good plate lunch. You can't go wrong if you order spam musubi, chicken katsu, BBQ chicken or BBQ beef.\n\nReasonable price and delicious food.
Had a great Happy Hour there this week.  Great food and drinks-highly recommend the Moscow Mule.
Went for brunch, had the scallops and the sausage salad. Very good! Great ambiance good food good service!! I'd recommend it to anybody! We will go back to try their evening menu!!
the sun shines again when i eat a rito's green chili burrito, and double rainbows appear when i eat the tacos.
Horrible chain burger restaurant. Service is spotty and I completely disagree with the other comments that the burgers are good. I have been forced to eat here for work several times. It is not a good option considering the many good options in Pittsburgh for burgers.
Our food came out cold.  I have a strict policy of not sending food back so ate cold lasagne.  Was still tasty.
I don't like Harrah's.  The rooms are small and nothing special.  The way they set up the traffic around the hotel makes it very difficult to get in and out of there.  The layout of the hotel sucks and the ceilings are right on top of you.  It's cheaper at least.
XCLLNT service!  FABulous alteration/repair!
This is one of the best indian restraints in the city, the food is full of fresh ingredients I've  been using it for five years +
Super rude cashiers, looked like they didn't even want to be there. I don't think they know the concept that they get paid because customers go and buy things. Instead of being with their sour faces they should not even come into work. As a tourist, major disappointment.
While it was super crowded on the 4th of July, these guys had a very good selection of high quality fireworks. \n\nParking was a bit scarce, but that was likely because of the day we went. \n\nGo here to quench your inner pyro.
I was not impressed by this restaurant. I read reviews that Uncle Sal's has the best Fettuccine Alfredo- wrong. I make better Alfredo sauce from scratch at home! \n\nAs for the service, it was great and the wine is reasonably priced!
good deals great chicken
Love this place comfortable, relaxing, very clean. The staff are friendly and very competent. Peter is the bomb on acrylics, nail designs, fun to talk to. The only salon I will come to and recommend. Excellent pedicures by Tina, all the gals are equally competent.
POUNDING music in our room in the middle of the night.  2nd floor, right above the club?  Staff unconcerned.
Like always food is great but service is terrible. Seriously they need to hire wait staff that can handle high volume. Everytime i come here always have a problem with either waiting too long to order or wait staff doesnt understamd english to well. Its a shame to cause the food is great nothing here is bad food wise.
Yummy food and very nice people! Awesome crepes and benedict!\n\nCrepes, berries were super fresh and delicious creme. Benedict has savory potatos and fantastic hollandaise sauce. The tarragon biscuit underneath is a great base.
I'vr been calling and leaving messages and cannot get a return call.  Andy might be good but he isn't good about returning messages.
two stars; great organized store; very clean; my problem is that I went to store for a specific item on the recent ad and they were totally out of the product; as a result I bought nothing there and went elsewhere to do my shopping
No place better to eat in CLT.  The open faced sandwiches are perfect before a flight and the wine list is solid.  There's a nice atmosphere and the clientele is mellow (a major plus in a busy airport).
Long walks to go anywhere. Mot great service. Key to room failed. Waited 30+ minutes to get assistance. Hotel was unaware of important events going on at hotel. The list goes on :(
Always stocked, organized, and the staff is so friendly and will actually talk to you like real people. The flowers are always fresh and awesome to be the first thing when you walk in the door, and the carts are always straightened up. And the parking is great too.
Place isn't and won't ever have the same taste since they switched owners.
Three stars for being average. Nothing worth wowing over. Fries were too soggy & salty. Wings didn't come with the wow factor I was anticipating for.
Where Gourmet meets Taco but tastes amazing!!!! Chef Dan has really outdone himself this time. The combinations are unique and tasty. Can't get enough of this place. Wish there was one in the west valley. Go for the shrimp or brisket...my favorite!
I am in Phoenix for business quite often and always make sure I stop by Muffin But The Best.  Excellent food & Fantastic portions.  What a great little find.  I recommend that everyone stop by and try it out.
The salmon is a\nAmazing!! And I don't usually care for salmon.
Bar next to stadium\nTypical\nbar next to stadium place\nWaitresses def looking for other jobs \nNot happy at all\nThis isn't even a game night
This was not great. Not even good. Just ok. The meat is very hard. I just expected more based on the reviews. Meh
Mediterranian food too!! And the flan topped off the perfect brunch!
The cookies at COOKIEZ are so thin and yummy.. I don't think you can go wrong with any flavor of ice cream or type of cookie. .. But I haven't tried anything too crazy..\nThe workers here are also VERY friendly and give great customer service.
Not too bad. Buffet is huge, but cuisine is nothing too elaborate. Prime rib, pizza, mexican...as any buffet on a Friday night would be, it was jam packed.
Good boil
Doesn't really fit the mill scene. Decent for happy hour or chips and salsa. Lotta fohawks in this joint.
always get great service and the food is always great....my FAVORITE asian place ever!  friendly service...most of the time very fast.
Fantastic cut and great service from Crissy Winston and WalkIn salon. Highly Recommended!
Burgers are fresh and great quality ingredients. The fries with rosemary are delicious. I highly recommend it!
matts was  closed. (monday..... *pout)\n\nwe went  here. super cheap. \ngood quality breakfast. \n\ni will return.
This is the worst ph\u00f5 I have ever eaten ,don't know if this is a particular busy day before the new year but the broth is tasteless ,the meat portion is reasonable but overall deserve a one star.
This is my go to spot when I want Pho! They have tons of great dishes. I have tried many of their dishes and am always pleased. Great service, and great food.
Service is terrible. Rude staff. Hey bartender, maybe check the patio once in awhile?
I am a fan of Tawainese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. The broth is dark, heavy and flavorful. It is a perfect soup during desert winters. Stinky tofu is very tasty, salty and stinky just how I like my Stinky tofu!
Foie gras in burgers, aaahhhh soooo yummy! French serving at its finest! A must try!
This place is the bomb! Great food nice clean casual atmosphere. You can even get a beer with you lunch! If you haven't tried it you are missing out!
Extremely rude staff! Pool very disappointing. Woman at front desk very demeaning and appeared actually annoyed that we were staying there. Strongly suggest looking elsewhere !
Always great customer service and great coffee. It is only enhanced by the gelato next door, good stuff! Unfortunately the young cute clerk brings in the cackling girls to make googly eyes but that is hardly the coffee places fault.
Dukes will be my new go to company for my heating and air conditioning needs. Robert was on time, thorough and explained all his findings to me in a way I could understand. From the moment I called them, everyone was pleasant and helpful. I will definitely refer them to all my friends!!
Eh.. Came here because it looked like a nice place. A little expensive considering there wasnt much to offer. No crab legs, no shrimp, nothing but sushi. Oh wait there was 3 different types of mussels out. I left still hungry for more food unfortunately. I wouldnt recommend it.
Ordered 2 Monterey chicken sandwiches, added tomato in the drive thru.  Everything was made correctly and tasted good. Was a little surprised with all the negative reviews, place seems nice
Overpriced. Did I just pay $30 for a soggy, excessively-oily pizza? Ugh.\nAlso, service was as slow as a snail. Not worth the visit, trust me.
This place was alright to me. Not the best ramen but not the worst either. I've had better but this could work if you need a quick fix on a budget.
TERRIBLE SERVICE but good food. Pretty pricy for curry. If you wanna see the most unfriendly servers, this is the place to go. I will never go back there, tho.
Excellent lunch place downtown with hot paninis, made to order for only 5 bucks including tax! Did I mention this place is open 24 hours? Has to be downtown's best kept secret.
Brushfire is great! The people are friendly, their food is fresh and everything is delicious!
An interesting dive bar with a decent prices and draft selection.
Went late night and they bar tenders were AWESOME. the whiskey bar and beer bar were separated. They had bands going and there was a lot of people. I like it and can see coming back again.
I am going to get right to the point...they have some cool stuff for sale at good prices...hence 2 stars. Otherwise, their customer service is ghetto and sucks!!! What a shame!!!!!! End of story!!!!!!!!!
Went for breakfast and ordered a vegetable omelet and turkey bacon.  The turkey bacon tasted so old that I could not eat it.  The omelet tasted OK. My utensils were dirty and I had to get set from another table.
Pretty typical Starbucks.  While I'm a fan of the company, the one thing about this place is that the parking in the morning is kind of meh and there's no drive-thru.  The couple times I've gone to this one, the service has been quick so that was good.
Gyros are quite good, but have gotten pricey.  Italian beef sandwiches are VERY light on the meat, definitely not worth it.  Cashier has a tip jar that isn't shared with the kitchen help.
It's a cute place to be all drunk, but there are better clubs on the strip.
Bartender and staffs are really rude , when I asked to redeem yelp coupon for free drink , they pushed me back and forth , and finally no one offered free drink, def not recommend for tourists , prob good for locals lol
Everyone says this is the show to go to. I went to it for my first experience of Cirque du Soleil and was so bored. You watch people dive into water for an hour and a half, not really something that could hold my attention.
Pancake bags are everything. I get them every time I go. And the dumplings are fresh and delicious!
Ate here for lunch today. I had the sushi lunch sampler. Now I am throwing up and my stomach is churning. I would not recommend this place at all.
Michelle, one of the managers, at this location is extremely unfriendly, full of attitude, and very unwilling to go out of her way to help her customers. \nMichelle definitely makes this location look bad!
Simply amazing! I love the food, location, atmosphere and service!! If you love ramen this place is a must.
This is a terrible place after it changed ownership. \nIt is now the Oasis car wash. The new owners increased the prices and the products are not as good. Beware of the automatic wash, they will try to up sale you.
The nail salon is amazing. My mom & I have been coming here for a few months now & will continue to. We love it. They do an amazing job on our nails. We don't go anywhere else.
I was going to.give you guys a 4 Star but the waitress came to bring our order and dropped all of my.boyfriends order of sliders and fries on floor. Not a big deal but a disaster middle of the.walk way.
The Doc fixed my eye & the staff rocks... you all get out of Jail for free... Maricopa County Jail only.
The food was way overpriced in my opinion.  But, it reminded me of Hawaii karaoke bars and we had a good time.
The food and the atmosphere were great.  Not what I expected from a place in a strip mall.  I would definitely recommend giving it  a try!
I've visited Fez and few times and plan to put it on regular rotation now that I've moved back to Phx.  Tasty and inventive food, good service, really nice atmosphere.
Always a solid meal when I visit Charlotte. Lots of options and attentive staff.
This place is horrible. Returned damaged overpriced item before I even left the store.
This place was very average. I've had much better Mexican food and this reminded me a lot of a Chipotle, but maybe a step below. I'm not a fan and wont be back, there is much better Mexican food in Arizona.
Overrated and overpriced.  The rooms in the old section of the hotel are bad.  \n\nThe only worthwhile parts of CP are the gaming floor (great sports book) and the food (MeSa is great), but you can do that- and shop in The Forum- without overpaying to stay here.
Quite possibly the best Pho in Phoenix. The broth has a great flavor, and the Thai iced tea (not on the menu, but ask for it) was the perfect amount of sweetness. Plus, the service was great. I'd rate it higher if I could!
Very good, great tasting ingredients. Bread was warm and fresh. And my 11 year old loved it!  And great service for Aj
Great meat and very friendly and helpful service.
This location is great! Fast and super friendly service! It's the only place I will go :)
Excellent sushi. Excellent service. Worth every penny!  With so many choices to choose from, this place is my favorite.  They buy the largest tunas I've seen.
Food is always good, Arizona burger was awesome! Great service. Saw the assistant manager serving guests right along with his staff. Very refreshing to see, he was very polite as were the rest of the employees. Food came out quickly even though it was during the busy lunch hour. I will definitely come back again. :)
This place is great.  The staff is very friendly and even gave me a little tour of the building.  Great prices and an amazing selection.  I live 30 minutes away and will be making this a regular hang out.  If you show up while i am there, chances are, i will buy you a round.
Great casino, average to low rooms but great atmosphere. We will be coming back here after we try a few other hotels.
Free entry so it can't hurt to go! Make sure you go downstairs, its the Scottish section. Its a nice lay out, and some of the art is really interesting--like the one of doctors about cancer. Be warned though--there may be little kids putting crowns together on the floor when you go in!
Insanely rude staff. Couldn't get any help even after asking where to find a certain pair of sandals. One of the girls was trying on shoes while on the job!!! Ridiculous!
Fair at best. I keep wishing for a great Creol/Cajun place here in town, but, sadly, have yet to find one that is good. \n\nThe food lacked flavor and just was sort of eh. They need a recipe total overhaul/revamp and they'd be fine.
I am a return customer. I've visited with Korean friends over the last 3 years and must admit the food was not as good as good as previous years. I agree, I think the expansion has cost them some clientele.
Didn't seem to want to help me.. Pretty nice selection though, maybe they had something that would have worked. Oh well... there are other jewelers in town.
Where do you start when it involves waterbugs, poor plumbing, stolen possessions, poor service, and perhaps one of the tackiest \"hotels\" (I should have stayed at a super 8) I've ever stayed at. I just can't go on with this review.
I love this place - enchiladas, soup and salads. The best filling is cornbread - even if you aren't a vegetarian it is worth it.
My daughter wanted sushi for her 18th birthday so we decided to check out this new place just up the road.  We will be back!  Quick friendly service and a great happy hour menu but best was the excellent sushi!
Every time I visit here I have the greatest experience, Aj went ahead and helped me out with my iphone5 today, he was very knowledgeable, & presented very excellent customer service, tysm for sharing your preferences on how to run my phone
Cant say enough about how much i love this place. Everything is good. Dont expect luxury scenery just DAMN GOOD FOOD!!
I don't really rate chains that high unless they do something amazing and unexpected. It's  jersey mike's. Decent sandwiches, not a big selection, a bit pricey.
from the outside and inside appears to be a fast food place. Inside its nothing special. We ordered our food to go. Got home was missing a few items. No need to even mention what we go as none of it was good. There's way better BBQ places within a few miles. Don't bother.
Great place to eat, great atmosphere, awesome happy hour but the food  is lacking authenticity which is why it only gets 3 stars from me.
the worst slot machines i have ever played!!!!! the payout was really bad. their high limit room needs a uplift. the slot are not the best. i will never come back to this hotel casino
Day bartender is extremely rude!! No beer selection. Its very interesting that they have the show 'Bar Rescue\" advertised all over the bar, this bar could sure use the help, however I'm sure John Taffer would fire most of the staff! Don't think ill be going back anytime soon!
This place is just a cool pub to hangout. Its a good place to get out, grab a couch, some beer and wings and catch the game! \nDefinately two thumbs up!!
I love this place looks r deceiving but amazing cheap prices and great work done here....
Overpriced tapas in extremely small portions in my opinion. But if you want to indulge in a few bites of Spanish food before heading out to the Vegas clubs, this place will do. \nTry the world famous ham~ it was definitely the most delicious item on the menu, and we tried just about everything on it.
Not very diverse staff and horrible service they should try and pick better employees, i will never go back. Food was ok i get better food at red robin
Boo!  This was my favorite wash- but they upped the prices, and no longer give you a     towel to wipe down the inside.  Now I get to go home and finish washing my car.
Loving Hut is one of our families favorite places for lunch or dinner.  The staff has been very friendly.  My favorite are the fresh juices and the curry.
Slowest drive thru ever!!!!! Mcdonalds is faster then this. Please hire better and faster people. This is ridiculous.
4 strips, slaw, shoestring crinkles, smokey ranch, and texas toast = less than seven bucks.  Chicken strips were absolutely delicious, not overbreaded and not greasy.  Great, great, great for the lunch the day after partaking in the consumption of high octane beverages!
Amazing, I really think AMEX is doing the right thing to improve their branding. It made the trip ending very high class and comfortable.
CLOSED - Use Sin City Cupcakes instead, they are great! One star because they are not professional enough to write on their website, leave on their voicemail message, or in an autoresponse to emails that they are no longer in Las Vegas and have closed down.
I have done extensive research regarding nutrition for my pug and cats and NB has all the best brands (we love fromms and natural balance) at the best food prices in town. They can articulate the major differences in all the brands, and are happy to special order products for you. This is my go-to place for products and information.
Cute little spot across the street from Nami, tried their tofu sandwich, I would want to come again and try more things to judge the food but the sandwich I had was pretty good.
Had the Italian beef sandwich & it was awesome. This place has the best Chicago food here. I'm from there and this place reminded me of all the good food I was missing out on. I will be going here every week now, it's that good!!!
Good happy hour prices. If you want to truly experience the best of Social House, make sure to forgo the menu and just let your server know that you trust them to put together a meal for you. You'll get the best based on what you like and don't like
Delicious and unusual sandwiches (though the bread could be fresher??) ...and they're too expensive, really. But the place has a nice vibe and is appealing and the design makes you feel like you're in Gastown Vancouver - very slick.
Stay at Cosmo or Bellagio if you really want a first rate Vegas experience without the elitist attitude you get from the Wynn.
Prior to my last visit to Charlotte, this park was not built. It is great! Great location and great view of the cityscape.
We went here for dinner and the place was closed!  We ate at Bandera's next door!  Bartender at Banders told us the Pink Pony was closed for good...the end of an era...thanks economy!!!  We will miss you Pink Pony!!!
so good one of my favorite ice cream places in general =)
Just heard about yelp and looked up restaurants while in the Phoenix area. This place was amazing was there last Thursday, you gotta try their hummas combo. been to many middle eastern places, this was a treat. Great discovery!
Too many tweekers.\nOutside panhandling & inside hanging out.\nGrilled chicken was tasty, & service was OK though.
They are changing the layout around. OK, keep things fresh, but they took out the center spaces where one could cut through, leaving long long aisles. No bueno.
My favorite donation spot. The guys are super helpful in unloading the car. They are fast and get you in and out.
Cheap, cheap, cheap!
have to ask for refills and waitress just stands around after taking your order everyone walks around with an attitude and its depressing and horrible service.  this will be the last time I come here
Great food and experience.  Fresh ingredients from local sources.  I recommend eating out on the patio
This hotel is absolutely gorgeous. Wonderful service, clean rooms, and interesting lay-outs. Not really sure how I feel about the bathroom situation, but the waterfall shower was really nice.
I eat here at least once a week. Watermelon salad, turkey sandwich, and lasagna are all amazing and the staff is very friendly. These will be all over the country in no time.
Great BBQ! They have several awesome BBQ flavors that are all very good.
Kathy the owner is a sweetheart and always welcoming. The food is fresh, homemade and outstanding. Try the baked pancakes for a new crispy twist on an old favorite. 5-stars! Keep up the good work!
OK....so it's a bona fide feed trough.  Better to bring your avarice and appetite here, and get a few veggies.
Great location, decor, menu, service.
place had no a/c they were suppose to send report to dr when I got there  never did I had to call doctor  they needed a nurse to wrap my let it was like pulling teeth went I get home will tell my ins how great the place is
Large portions, great quality, lots of options, Henderson location is awesome, the fact that they have multiple locations is even more awesome! \nI would say that Pinkaow's traditional thai dishes are comparable to Lotus of Siam's and that they are simply just less busy.
Love Dr Yu and Dr Tolan. staff too! You may wait awhile, but they are taking time to diagnose some serious issues and when its your turn they will care for you too and not rush you so they can figure out the best course of treatment for you.
Area kinda shady...but best fried chicken in the city by far. Great prices also, I always recommend it to anyone who ask about chicken or soul food.
Went in today. The lady behind the bar greeted my wife, 2 kids, and myself. After picking a booth in the back we waited for 15 minutes and never seen anyone.  My wife walked up to the bar and the 2 lady's there ignored her, so we left. We will not be back!
Food was amazing.  There was lots, but quality did not suffer.  Wait staff professional and helpful.  I can't wait to take my wife and family!
We had a large togo order and they didnt get our order correct. It was a large order with some complicated twists but if they are unsure they should have asked about it.
Food was good \nBut not many people in the place and we only have 1/2 of are food and it has been 30 min\nPeople that order after us have finished eating and are gone\nThe person working behind the counter just gave us are food after 35 min and did not care at all
Horrible drive-thru. ALWAYS gets something in the order wrong.
Great service! Got my daughters phone back earlier then they quoted and it works like a brand new phone! It hasn't left her hand... Literally. :)
Pretty standard FedEx place. Staff seemed a little put out I was there wanting to ship something.  Eh. Sorry I made you work.
Hawaiian pork tacos were really tasty!  Prompt courteous service. Good atmosphere.
This place was awesome. Great food with a great price! Came here to grab a quick bite before class and was surprised by the great quality of the food. Has a great variety of food and the fries are awesome!! I would highly recommend this place.
My favorite go-to for home-style, light, not overly salted Chinese food. Almost always orders the Chicken Steamed with Chinese Mushrooms, Steamed Spared Ribs, and also one of the only restaurants you can get Congee in Pittsburgh.
Website says they have LEDs for gloves, called...  they had none!, ridiculous, how do you claim to be an EDM store with no lights??
I didn't really like it. The service was slow & their panang curry was just weird. Probably wouldn't go back.
This is a great place, the food is excellent and the service is great.  Sometimes there is a wait to get in, but well worth it!  Watch out if you park in the front lot, if you park in the spots marked with the signs for the motorcycle shop next to the restaurant, you will get towed, so pay attention to the signs.
Manque de service aux caisses ! Souvent plusieurs clients laissent leurs achats et s'en vont. Dommage puisque ce n'est pas le nombre d'employer qui manque
YUM!! Best Med food I've ever had in Vegas. Great service. Chicken Tangine was amazing...excellent Humus and Pita was perfect!
Tried it again, much friendlier. Chai was delicious, and a good place to read a book and hang out.
Trendy, great vibe, especially pleasant outdoors. Yummy waffle fries with their 3 dipping sauces, but wasn't a huge fan of their chicken calabrese sandwich. The chicken was well seasoned and looked delicious, but unfortunately because it was pounded thin ended up being dry. Was definitely expecting more!
Iv'e been here 4 times now. Good sushi, great price, decent service. Not many AYCE in Vegas. Will go back. I recommend the seafood salad.
This place has great panang chicken ..highly recommend this place
I could write a book on how good this place is. Menu is flawless.  I've had almost all of it.  Love all of it.  Garlic rice is my clear fav!!!   You just gotta trust me and go and get some
Course is in bad shape. Greens are dried out, dead spots and lines through them. Most of the greens were actually black...don't waste your time here.
Food was okay, could have been better for the money, my family ate for about $250.00.  Ohh and I put my plate down in the wrong place and this Mexican psycho behind the counter started chastising me, listen Mexican for $250.00 I will put my damn plate anywhere I want!
This restaurant closed on November 20, 2010
Terrible. Mediocre service, way overpriced and \"meh\" sushi at best.
Excellent coffee and teas! Wonderful service and welcoming atmosphere.  See you again soon!
Like the fantasy IPA and black IPA a lot. Very solid. Beers rule over everything else. I am leaving smelling of a curry form as there is little air movement there and the music reminded me of Ron burgundy rocking the jazz flute. Props to having cards against humanity on the table we were at. Great game.
Holy good goddamn, this place is awesome!\n\nFrom the coffee to the pastries to the butter - you cannot go wrong with anything on the breakfast menu from this joint.
This was not the same place I remembered as a teen in California. Menu was completely different and has a bad attempt of being like a subway. On a good note the bread was fresh, but sadly I won't hit it up again.
Amazing happy hour!!  We stopped here on vacation on advice from someone we met at a ballgame.  Very glad we went.  The HH deals they have are pretty awesome.  Our total bill was $30 and we had 3 sushi rolls, cucumber salad and 2 beers.  Not bad at all.  The sushi was pretty yummy.
This is a terrific restaurant concept. Enjoy high end furnishings and design, and select from a menu prepared with people on the go in mind,  The posh ambiance is offset by a walk up window where burgers can be ordered for $5, fries $3.50, and soda for $2.25.
The room wasn't too clean but the staff was nice! The main light didn't turn on and the shower water was cold. Decent amenities and cozy bed but it was noisy outside. Worked well for our one night visit but the breakfast was lacking
Terrible employees. They mumble inaudibly when speaking, don't listen to your order and are all around unfriendly. I have never felt to uncomfortable while ordering food.
I wouldn't go as far as saying it was the best thai experience as some users have mentioned- it's decent at best, but not spectacular. Quaint spot and friendly staff. Very pricy in comparison to other thai restos.
Phenomenal food, great atmosphere, and friendly staff.  An unassuming facade leads you into an awesome reality.  A real 'don't miss' kind of place!  The breaded veal was spectacular and the accompanying arugula salad was unparalleled!
Always friendly and knowledgable.  They dont try to pressure you and go above and beyond!  They will match anyones prices as well so why go to some place else and get so so service when you can go here and get it all.
Awesome venue for concerts! I hate the concerts that are wedged in the center of a casino. \n\nThese guys know their shiz
I've been here a couple of times with my dad for dinner. This place serves pretty good dish. I didn't quite like the fried pork dish. I can never tell if I'm eating fat or meat. Other dishes aren't bad.
This product is by far the best I have ever worn/used for anything you do. I love the way it makes me feel! The culture is amazing and I love the staff like family! You have to just go in to see what I mean!!!
Can you say over priced, pretentious bullshit. This place blows. Tiny drinks, way high cover for guys, and attitude so thick you have to cut with a knife. Fuck this place, there are plenty of better choices in the Valley.
The food is ridiculously delicious! This is my go-to place for filipino food. I just wish it was bigger and better menu list.
I'm not a huge fan of Target. Sure, they're cleaner than wal-mart but that extra bit of tidyness doesn't make up for the prices. The products are always quality but the staff is not very helpful and they seem to be a little under-knowledged about their stores.
I like this store for the selection of neat little gadgets and household stuff like kitchen utensils and such there's a lot to choose from and sometimes you find some good deals on some cool stuff
Terrible service!  Waited over 40 min for our food.  Only 2 females working super hard !  Felt sorry for them.  This place needs a deep cleansing!  And no air circulation! :(  I will not be back!
Sunshine Moon is a good restaurant, but not great. Their cuisine is similar to that of PF Changs, but twice as good.  The wonton soup was the best part of the meal, it was amazing, but everything else, including the generals chicken and lo mein, was average. Three stars is appropriate.
This joint is hit or miss on the nite scene...Depends on wut their playin I guess...But if U venture wit a crowd of frenz, its all good...Hot Mama Karen hipped me to this spot...Nice!
The decoration/setup was very well done, the food was pretty good, the draft list was short and the server was not knowledgeable.  Overall it was a let-down since I've been passing it for a while thinking it looked really cool and I don't think I'd go back for the food or beer list.
This place is alright I get the BBQ short ribs. Good price for a big plate of sticky rice and short ribs.
Love that this theater plays more than your average blockbuster.  Its my usual weekend matinee spot to see the newest random movie out.  I'm a sucker for indie films and besides the Manor this is the only place to see them.  \nNice staff, no issues, I dig it
My favorite by far!  I travel once a week thru airport and always make sure to stop by. I get either the chicken enchiladas or the carne asada burrito with green chili sauce.  Always fresh and tasty. Highly recommend!!
The place looks nice, good place to check out but super expensive!. Their houseblends are $20 +. There are too many other options in Vegas.
Great place for breakfast. Definitely a go to place.
The staff are super friendly...I don't appreciate them letting people in street clothes come behind the counter from outside and make themselves ice cream while there's a rush of people.
We like this place cuz it's down the street from my fam's house and they have a party-like atmosphere.  Nice bar with some tvs to watch the game.  The food is decent, the portions are HUGE and the service is excellent.
Ok, \" not Ok \" We ordered ahead meat lovers for pickup it was ready ok  \nAsked for lite sauce they did not lesson \nThis pizza was the worst looking and did not taste good. Recommend not to order for this papa johns
There are two lines....
Be very careful with this company. They claimed I never returned the cooler, which was picked up by the delivery driver when I cancelled service. They never return calls, at least locally. If you call you always get CS in Georgia. The locals here in Phoenix could not be bothered. The service is lousy and the customer service does not exist.
Yum! I love this place. I came here for dinner once and really enjoyed my meal. The guacamole is great; it is $7, but worth it. I was in town again and went back here for lunch. Another good meal with good service.
Pizza sauce is sweet and amazing. Get the deep dish. It's not really deep dish but it's still very good. Get over the location and seating area for the food. Price point is good for the quality and quantity you get.
I grew up in Arizona and we went to Wongs every Sunday after church.  Three years ago we got stationed in Hawaii.  Everytime I come home, our first stop is Wongs.  I love everything about it.  Wongs is my comfort food.
Good selection of flavors, that aren't the usual in comparison to places like Mojo. The plain ol' vanilla didn't taste over sugary, and the red velvet cake is amazing. The only thing I don't like about Zen Zen is that they don't let their customers self serve themselves with the mini sample cups.
I just called this store and spoke to the most rude man.  He would talk over me when I was trying to tell him about the items that I was interested in have them consign for me.  I would never go to this place.\n\nAnd I will not give it any stars....:(
3+ Stars!  Good but not unusual American-Asian dining in a pretty setting, including a bar and a great outdoor experience. A cut above PFC.  The menu is mostly chicken, beef or shrimp and costs in the high teens. The bar food is inexpensive but mostly fried, sweet, salty or all three.
yes still rockin fast ,hot ,great breakfast , always tables avalible, good service
AVOID IT AT ALL COSTS!  The worst Mexican food I've ever had.  I even ate there another time to give it another chance (everyone at work raves about it!) and still found it disgusting.  The beans are the worst that I've ever had (you can taste the lard!).
The ice cream is delicious by far, and they have a huge selection of nondairy ice creams. I'm giving it 3 stars\nBecause they are understaffed. A huge line with only one person working on a Monday night in the summer. Bad idea.
If you love long lines and only 4 or less lanes open, then this is the place to be. The lines are long and the cashiers are usually old people who take their time with everything.
Incredibly slow service.
I ate dinner here on a Sunday night.  Horrible service and the food was \"just ok\".  I usually go to N9ne at The Palms but thought I would try out Rare 120 because I assumed Hard Rock was trying to compete with The Palms.
Seems like a tourist trap. Overpriced for the food. Atmosphere was great. Service was great. Unfortunately the food was not great. Won't be back.
Awesome place. Really nice. Outstanding service from Matt. Food is delicious, recommend the lobster bisque.
Absolutely terrible, terrible service.  I got hung up on and had to call back over 5 times because the person answering phone was ill-equipped to help me and when asking for a manager, they kept refusing by not saying anything or simply hanging up.  Very disappointing as I love Papa Johns.
The food is good here, but nothing ruins a restaurant like bad customer service. I had a Groupon deal and they lied to me and said it was only worth half its value, because it was towards the end the month. It is never ok to cheat your customers.
Here at 1:30 And Placed is pretty empty only 5 tables. Been waiting a long time for a beer. Hope food comes out soon also
On Saturday mornings after a great workout, the juice bar is my absolute favorite stop in this big beautiful wholesome food-a-rama. My boyfriend just texted me asking if I plan on coming home. If they rented apartments above, I may just stay forever.
They closed... :(  3.23.2013...
I really like this Smiths.  The staff is always helpful, parking is good, produce is fresh (usually),and I never have an issue with lines.
Small portions & expensive. Waiter didn't seem to know much about the menu or drinks. My specialty drink was suppose to have candy in it... It didn't. Lasagna was tiny.. Pizza was okay. I didn't mind it.. Nothing special tho.
There's nothing here that you couldn't find at any other LV store. However, it's crazy crowded, and I didn't find the SAs to be that helpful.
I am not pleased with the staff or the venue.  The manager is less than professional, the venue is overpriced, and there is a severe lack of customer service with this.  While I do appreciate the beauty of the building, and the owners are so nice, I would say, take your money elsewhere.
They have clearly no ethics, and have no idea how to run a business. Sadly, they are wasting the huge opportunity of this amazing concept.
Three Stars for location.  This hotel is walking distance to all Madison has to offer.  It has a decent hotel bar, never crowded and nice clean rooms.
O is visually stunning, but it has no emotional impact. When's the last time you paid $190 to watch paint dry?
What a great quiet little spot! We eat here quite a bit and they are always friendly and the food is great. The sushi is fresh and their selection is vast. I recommend the Super Crunch Roll and the Hawaiian fried rice.
Best barber in town. \nI always go there for a nice clean shave.\nGood prices and great service. I recommend it to everyone.
I would say that this is an unpretentious nightclub that takes all comers. However, this means that it is full of farily homely and unstylish people. Good, fun bar if you're an average schleb, but if you're a societal elite don't expect to find an equal.
Service was fine, no issues others had with wait times, but the food was really not that impressive. Upcharge $1 for a little 2oz scoop of guacamole is absolutely nuts.\n\nThe flavored water shots are kind of a cool feature, but not enough to make me want to come back.
Went here with a big group, we tried a bunch of different menu items.   Overall, food was very good, service was excellent.  That being said, I have had food just as good or better and paid alot less.  \n\nLocation, location, location.
Had a Great Experience at the gun counter very helpful, Love the store.
Gave LGO another shot and they have forever won back our business. Our servers name was Lindsey and she made our night a perfect experience. Thank you LGO for making it right!
Typical fastfood quality. Now I remember why I don't go here. Chicken in the chicken sandwich was falling off in between the bread. Lettuce was all over the bag. Save your money, head down Pecos and checkout Parsley's for a good, quality lunch.
This is a favorite amongst almost every local I've met. The pumpkin baklava cheesecake is the best desert around. Pomegranate chicken is a taste that can't be matched anywhere else. \n\nOffers a 10% military discount with ID & has call ahead to-go.
Food was only just ok and service was even worse.\n\nThere's plenty of other places you can go to for breakfast  - even Eat'N'Park would be better but hit up a place like Ritter's instead.
The variety of flavors is astounding...how do they come up with this stuff?  I haven't had anything bad and the place is adorable...nice if you want a cool after dinner dessert out on the town.
Many flavors to choose from but the ice cream is Thrifty ice cream s( rite aid ice cream) so not the best quality. The cookies are the best part and they even offer gluten free cookies!
Valle Luna is one of the best Mexican restaurants in the valley! The atmosphere is great and all the employees there are very friendly! I recently discovered jalapeno cream cheese sauce over my shredded beef burrito! Amazing! If you're new to Arizona and you want some good Mexican food go to Valle Luna!
Go on a weekday! You almost have the place to yourself. If you go on a weekend or holiday, forget it!! You're dodging strollers and kids wherever you go!!
We went for brunch after a friend posted a picture of the most delicious looking Bloody Mary. We got one, it was delicious!! It was pretty empty,11am on a Sunday, but the bartender welcomed us in, and the waittress was super nice and friendly. The food was great!
The search is over.  You have found your new barber. 5 starts says it all.  You will not be disappointed.
This restaurant is located in a beautiful shopping center in North Scottsdale.  I had a salad and a pasta dish and the food was great... I was pretty stuffed after eating.  Service was friendly and the place looks good.  Overall, I'm a fan and I'll be back.
Meal was much better than I've had in the past. My family had the prime rib all around. Not amazing presentation, but tasty and a great value. Ask for Bryvin for your server. He'll watch out for you!
Went to lunch there today and it was awesome as usual. Staff is so friendly. We always sit at the sushi bar. I love the salad with house dressing! I always say I'm going to try other sushi places in town but I always come back to Kamakura. I've never had a bad meal there!
Great atmosphere ( specialy for a romantic date) :) . Super friendly staff . Good food . Fast service ! I will go back for sure
Always enjoy going to this place. I don't think it's overpriced or anything, but I can only take Aloha Kitchen in monthly doses. My favorites are the chicken katsu and kalbi.
Some of the best pizza and wings I have ever had! So glad they are right down the street from my house  fast and friendly service every time I am in. Definitely recommend trying them out!!!
Considering the options around, this hotel is pretty good.  Certainly old, but holding its end of the bargain.  The food is OK, nice pool, very quiet and peaceful yet downtown Chandler.  My room was really dark, almost a cave although I reserved the higher end rooms, but other than that, decent hotel.
Fantastic place. Loved the entire meal we had to include excellent pairing with cocktails and wine..
Food is good. But roach crawling on wall but disgusting. \nService can be improved
Some of the best 24 hour food in Vegas!  Has a nice \"old school\" vegas feel.  Great service.  Has gaming at the bar with little to no smokey smell unlike most gaming bars.
This is the place to buy your books if your attending GCC. They are a few dollars cheaper then the college campus store. The staff is always friendly and always offers there assistance when you walk in the door. They have a better buy back policy leaving more money in your pocket at the end of the semester!
Awful!!!! The owner kicked out my 9 year old daughter because of her service dog. When my husband tried to explan she was a certified service dog he could care less! My poor daughter left in tears. When I called to complain he just berated me over the phone as well.
Service was terrible 20 mins I waited for a water place almost empty. Ordered shakes with food done eating then got the shakes kids had nothing to drink through dinner NEVER going back suggest maybe new management food was good though shakes too drank them on the way out the door
Get the lumberjack! You can do without the bloody cesar unless quality eggs are your thing. Grits are good too.
We went in for a try because my coworker suggests it. It is good and the pho noodle price is cheapest that we have been in Pittsburgh area.
Tres bien! The napoleon is scrumptious! Their breakfasts are good too :) Cool place to hang out.
I love this Greek restaurant! The food is amazing and I love the ambiance! A must get is the sakinaki (flaming cheese). You won't regret it! Opa!
I actually think this Casino is pretty decent. Way better than Texas station nearby but not as nice as Aliante. They have a good Sportsbook similar to Aliante. Revolver is pretty decent and I like the 4949 lounge. The food court is decent too.
Four Seasons pricing, Marriott services.
Used to be awesome.  Now it is horrible I would rather visit the one in the Fry's.
tastiest food poisoning ever
Food high priced but good. Whatever you do, don't show up hungry.
I love bringing my furbabies here.  They always do as i ask, never a problem with the groom. I suggest making an appointment ahead of time.  She's is always booked.  She treats them as her own.  And I love how she has all the dogs out together playing.  She doesn't Kennel them.
Received a coupon from the owner the last time I was there for a discount.  \nAte a chicken sandwich and cole slaw  and was over charged more than the discount. DUH!  won't t be backl
Took barefoot Bootcamp with Liz tonight, and it was so much fun and an awesome workout! I love this studio, and the staff is so nice.
Excellent, tasty thick fish and chips.\nThe crispy fish burger very good. \nGreat prices, great friendly service. Very popular in the neighbourhood as one of the emerging new local foodie joints.
The \"suite\" was supremely disappointing (at an extra cost) and looks like any dingy motel room.  \n\nThe price is good but if you factor in additional cab fare since you are farther from the nice hotels, you are not getting that much of a better deal.
The wings are great.  There is a wing sauce or many that will appeal to anyone. The Bar is well equiped for game night.  The Game night TV volume was way to loud and that comes from a person who likes loud music.
Good food overall. I love the beans. The salsa isn't to my liking. The asada was a lil bit chewy but had a good taste to it
I am not vegan or vegetarian but Simply Pure is and you will not miss meat or dairy. The dishes are amazing. The nachos are unreal most people would never believe they were eating vegan if you didn't tell them. Great service too!
worst meal ever!!! food came out cold....bad service... old brown guacamole!!! dont do it!
Great job Allison.  Food is awesome.  Had pulled pork that was tender and flavorful.  The corn souffl\u00e9 bus to die for.  Highly recommended!  We will be back
Very nice staff.  Nice variety of options.  Good food (I'd give it a \"B\")
service was great! but the pulled pork lacked flavour. coleslaw was disappointing. 3$ for a soda is insanity. pecan pie was much too sweet. a bit of restraint on the sugar in the pie & an availability of sauces on the table to counter the lack of sauce on the sandwich would have been great.
Yummy Yummy.  Always a good time at Joes.  Family friendly, wonderful food served cafeteria style as you go through the line. A must visit for Gilbert.
tasty vegan black bean burger.... although it is DEEP FRIED. sweet potato fries were on point. I rounded it out with a side salad.  resisted the sweet tea.  \n\npretty good for airport food. and at $20 it was a bargain.
Super greasy and very rare fajitas. Won't eat them and won't go back... it was chilis to go that i ordered online...  that \"steak\" that had the texture of a roast is going to get someone sick...
Really not good. Really bad service. And their salad bar \"with over 50 choices of soups and salads\" was a joke. If you're looking for a quality dining experience this is not the place.
I have been going there for many years now and always get a great massage. Normally it don't have to wait or they will tell me when to come back so I don't waste time. They will tell me to come back in 10 or 15 minutes and then they will be ready for me.
Place is not open past 4:00 p.m. and not open on the weekends.  They do not honor\ntheir coupons and will not give refunds at all.  Do not want people to come here.
Been to this place for bday parties and although many prefer such a place to celebrate a birthday, I am not one of those people. It smells and the people who work here aren't the friendliest. I only gave it 3 stars because it's quite entertaining for kids.
I live down the street, and would love to be supportive, but the last time I was there, it was average food at above average prices.
I met a friend w/ her kids for lunch here and order the pho w/ tripe and beef. We also got the egg rolls and spring rolls. The spring rolls and pho were tasty but I'd pass on the egg rolls. You can't go wrong by ordering the Thai iced tea. It was delicious.
This is my favorite gay dive bar in Las Vegas... no matter what, and how long I have been gone I will run into someone I know here each time I head out (usually once a year when Im home for Christmas)... love it...
Breakfast burritos are the shiz.  We eat here as a treat when we have time whilst working from home together.  Southwest  is our usual. Salsa IS hot.
Are the subs good?  Yes.  Is the steak grilled fresh?  Yes?  Do they use MSG to make the meat taste better than it actually is?  Yes.  For the last reason they get two stars.
Gone here about 4-5 times, it's a good enough salon to use as a last resort. Don't recommend getting french gel nails since you will walk out with bubbles in them. They are quick and easy to get into, just can't stand the unprofessionalism shown throughout the women.
Went with my wife, great new chairs, however another quantity over quality place with an unpleasant owner, my wife would go somewhere else next time.
I got the duck wonton noodles, salt and pepper calamari, seafood udon (I asked for non spicy)  and it was all pretty tasty but not amazing.\nThe plates were all closer to 10 bucks.\n\nClean place, understaffed but they worked quick.
We dropped in late one night after drinking.  Not many people were in the restaurant so we got seated immediately.  Service was good.  The pizza was just OK to me.  Definitely a place to check out though.
Excellent Food with Great prices and very generous portion sizes. I keep going back here time and time again for lunch. Very busy lunch hour so if you get there towards the end of the noon hour be prepared to have just okay service.
This is a depressingly dirty junk store.  Hot, squalid, filled with items that would have been better off in a dumpster.  Unhelpful staff, and nothing you should waste a single penny on, as whatever you buy here, you could rescue from the curbside trash with a little looking.
Came in here for lunch, and found the food to be good, but certainly not worth the BoA/ Wells Fargo crowd wait.  Based on the mahi mahi I had, I will try to make a reservation and come back for dinner.
searched this place before we go.went to this place with a friend.the food was ok service was ok,the place is ekkkkkkkkk... I would not go back again !!!
The fact they say they make Italian food is embarrassing. The Olive Garden is better. My mothers fianc\u00e9e couldn't even finish his meal. The setting is nice and looks beautiful inside. But this place isn't Italian.
Very good and inexpensive. Very tasty pork fried rice. The Mongolian Beef is a huge portion, although some of the beef was a little grisly. Be forwarned, it is HOT!!! I will definitely be back, great for a quick takeout meal.
By far the best Irish Pub in the area!\n\nThe food is delicious, standard Irish fare.  Great whiskey selection, and the expected Irish beer selection as well.\n\nPLUS- Every Friday night, The Paper Snowmen play, and they rock.
Go cheap but quality breakfast!
We ordered a large supreme pizza. It was okay. I liked that we could substitute ingrediates without a charge.\nGot the garlic knots because of yelp recommendations. It was okay, nothing too special.  \nTook about an hour for delivery to our hotel on the strip.
A great place for lunch. The \"Penne Primo\" is super tasty and the bread/dip is also yummy. The service is always friendly. At around $6 a plate, how can I not be a Big Fan!
Just not good\n\nOverpriced juice prices and not good food\n\n\nAlso very strange to be under a real estate office\n\n\nThe service was very sub par\n\n\nMaybe they should get rid if the gas\nStation sign and covers
$1.50 Coors Light Pints everyday.  Chicken sandwich with cucumber salad to eat.
Fantastic pizza, loads of screens to watch the footy. It was a bit quite, but guess it was just after Christmas. Patio is right in the sun and the service was good. Will go again.
A really good Japanese curry restaurant. After being seated and ordering, we had to ask to get our waters. Also, the ratio of rice to curry was a little bit off for me (more rice than curry) but besides that, the currys are pretty good. I probably will be coming back, just not anytime soon
This is the WORST pizza ever!!! It gave my grandmother food poisoning and she had to be taken to the hospital.  These people NEVER getting business from us again and I'm going to tell people NOT to eat. They wouldn't even give us a refund.
Good Pho!
Love their food here. Great spot to go to after going out on a party. The service could be better tho!!
Totally awesome customer service!!!!  My fav is the caramelizer!!! I've been to several locations and all the staff are outgoing and very friendly!!! My home town location is on gilbert and mckellilps
Very bad experience here room was hot dirty sheets the staff had a bad attitude. I got home as I was unpacking I find a roach in there stay away if you can.
Best $10 wash around
Good hike for kids!
I make sure I stop in every time I'm in Vegas, but not after my last time.   Bartender made terrible drinks and wouldn't stand by them, the food came out cool and the prices have jump through the room.   Don't know what's changed but I'm not going back
Beatiful hotel. Nice & quiet out of Vegas but not too far
Hmmmm
Blu Basil Has Left The Building.......\n\nSaw they were vacant today.......\n\nThey are closed !
Do not live here.  The apartment management is terrible.  Avoid at all costs.
great beer, great food.  Awesome secluded back patio.
I've eaten here a half dozen times. The Shrimp burrito is worth the trip. Service is so-so. Bean and cheese burrito is good to.
the brass ring... where some people go to play pool, and incredibly bland people come to drink themselves stupid. meh.
Their oysters rocked. So did the mussels. Will keep coming back here until they mess something up - they haven't so far!
Love the furl rewards & never a long wait.  Everyone is always friendly too.  Easy parking
Great food, great price and Nice cozy place. Love that it's all you can eat but made to order. Buffet sushi never appealed to me so this restaurant was a wonderful find. Will go anytime we are in Vegas!
I love breakfast, and at Cottage Cafe, they really get it right.  The food is the biggest hit with lots of basic American breakfast fare options.  Expect to leave stuffed as the portion sizes are pretty big.  The coffee service is awesome and the whole staff is quite friendly and efficient.  You get all of this at a super reasonable price.
Worst service, workers speaking loud on their phone, flies all over, workers don't speak english, unable to use their own coupon, food sucked.
Great pic for Italian food in Las Vegas. The Kobe meatballs were outstanding. The other people in my party ordered the risotto and gnocchi. Everything came out correct and delicious. The waiter was very entertaining and accommodating. The environment was intimate and swanky. I would go back!!
Waitress was not attentive...none of the staff smiles to be honest! We had to have two checks because we ordered alcohol from the Bachi burger side of the restaurant. The food is just bland, nothing to bring me back! Just not a great vibe overall...
The hotel is decent, but check-in takes a long time. They need have more staff at front desk.
Terrible. delivery guy left flowers on ground and walked away. The flowers were destroyed. 50 to 60 percent of flowers were broken at the bud.
This is the best place in Vegas to have Ramen! Seating is minimal but we'll worth the wait. Friendly service and price is on point.
On a scale of 1-10 , 10 being great , this place gets a 3. \n\nFood is not good , location and interior decor are good.\n\nI will not be returning ...
Never enough employees working especially in the morning. Food is good and customer service is standard. Just wish they had more people working there to speed up the process.
Cheap eats and a nice environment, very clean unlike other pho places in chinatown
Came here yesterday to pick up a kanger pro tank and some ube juice. Very friendly and knowledgable staff. Wish I could have stuck around to try out the juice bar tho. This is now my go to vape spot whenever I'll be in town! Swing by and check them out!!
Some of the best tacos I've ever had that weren't grandmas haha\nTheir hot sauces are on point. Nice and spivey. The prices are great and reasonable.\nIn my opinion, better than pepes tacos
I love this buffet, it has a ton of food and its very good.   And I love it more because since i'm a local i get 50% off the regular price, You can't beat that.     Love It!!!!!!!
Prices aren't that low, you can do better online or at other stores. Decent selection and helpful salespeople. No kids shoes at all.
Always like this place... Now with new seats which look more like boxes... They need some cushions... Still a great place..
Unless your a celebrity you don't get emailed back. I have a great project wanting to get done with a vintage fridge. So unless tour a celebrity don't waste your time
I had the lobster and steak, was excellent. Kudos to the bartender Courtney for recommending the twice baked potato and providing excellent service, it was phenomenal. Classy vibe in the place, would definitely eat here again.
Very convenient place to grab coffee in the am, staff does a good job waking me up w/ Miley Cyrus blasting through the speakers. Everyone at this location super cool.
Closest we've found to NY bagels. Egg sandwiches are delicious. Friendly place. We are here at least once a week.
Enjoyed the patti melt burger, but the white chocolate bread pudding was a bit of a let down.
Great Pho for you buck. Quick service and very close from the strip. I would come back for sure!
This place has great food. I have never gotten anything that wasn't good. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting. There salsa is so.... Good it goes  in everything. My favorite is a chicken burro juicy yum.
Pizza was horrible, no flavor and had a feeling of sawdust on the crust. The wings were great!
Love the environment. Great waiter Nick. Super friendly, infectious smile!
Take that- I am changing my rating of four stars to 5 big ones.  Tasty Yo is a great local business, they are so nice when you go in there.  I am totally addicted to Fruity Pebbles.  Hey, thanks Tasty Yo.
20 oz. ribeye was delish, cooked to perfection. Skinny margarita was the best ever with fresh squeezed lime & orange juice & texas style, large only 180 calories.
a medium-quality sandwich/bakery place. No better than Panera, can still get a good turkey sandwich here.\n\ngood place when you need to grab lats minute cookies for a potluck or a loaf of bread...
I eat at this place maybe 2-3 a week! I am die hard wing fan and these are the best i have had ever!!! They are crispy, flavorful and warm all the time! Best part is they charge by the pound not per wing! So for a  great wing and a great price try wings express!!
Fun place to eat but pizza is ... Eh. Marinara sauce has a strong/funny taste. Pizzookies are good!
When we eat at aloha specialtys,we always leave room for ice cream!! I always get coffee flavor mmmmmm... Or the white Australia macadamia ice cream yummy!!!
This yogurt was alright, but it wasn't as creamy as I would have liked... I've had much better yogurt pretty much everywhere.\n\nWell, the sprinkles were good. I'll give them that lol
They have a nice menu until they got broadcast via news with dirty kitchen yikes! I dont think I wanna go here anymore. Gives me goosebumps every time I remembered.
Poor bussing of tables. Strange behavior among wait staff! Manager called to inform her about all the food on seats! All she said was that she'll mention it to the bussers. No one is smiling! Lines are picking up! Must be short staffed. Must be a management problem. This is definitely not Happy Hour!
The staff was very helpful and very friendly. I went for my first massage and they made the process easy and comfortable. This location is truly wonderful for customer service. My massage therapist was Corinne, who was absolutely wonderful. I really enjoyed my experience and plan to be returning soon.
Never go back. Went to do yoga and floor was soaked in our room- hate to think why. Outdated and Adventure dome more for young kids
I stopped in the other day on a whim and left very satisfied. The food was great, as was the soup, and the owners were super friendly (I had a nice conversation with one of them while I enjoyed my garlic chicken washed down with a Modelo. They're going to be seeing a lot of me!
Had some delightful nibbles in here , plenty to buy however EXTREMELY overcrowded due to the high spec and quality in the shop but none of these people seem to want to buy stuff
I love this place. Came here with my girlfriend and her sister for breakfast. Customer service was superb and the sandwiches were delightful. And the manager is so nice always checking up on how everything is going. Definitely coming back for more.\n\nI got the sandwich #20
Truly a diamond in the rough.  We always order out due to the smallness of the dining area, but the authentic tamales and tacos simply cannot be beat! Also of note, is their delicious salsa.  Caution to those who do not like hot!
Cool concept, just too dang pricy for my taste.
Ooo, sad, the Sardine is at an end... :( (The sardine is canned? There must be some kind of pun here...)\n\nAnyway, fair warning guys - this business no longer exists.
Best Breakfast / Lunch buffet in Las Vegas.  Hands down! One dish that got me the most was their lobster seafood chowder which was amazing! They always have different item each day. They had wide variety of desserts including Gelato, i'm in heaven.
Amazing historic hotel. If you ever have a chance to stay here you should. Such a unique hotel and part of history. Beds are very comfortable. Rooms all updated. Service in this hotel is amazing. From maid service to restaurants it is clear that customer service is high priority at this hotel
The service is super slow!  We've been waiting for our food for an hour!  Still waiting...
Very confusing casino; it took me 20 minutes to find the regular low limit table games.\n\nStaff was very helpful and everyone spoke English.
Terrible prices and service.  Their yorkies start at 3k.  They are out of their mind.
I died and have gone to heaven.  They also have Lavazza coffee which is the BEST but their gelato is delicious.  This is one sweet treat that the Gelato Maker has left his mark on.  I wonder if I can get a job and they can pay me in gelato?  Now THAT'S a sweet gig.
Excellent food! Loved the Kobe beef sashimi and the variety of specialty rolls. A little pricey but your in Vegas and at a resort so what do ya expect?
BIG selection, very helpful, courteous and friendly staff. Good prices. Im sold!
Debbie and Daniel are working as promised.
Good example of mediocre Vegas factory food. Service was great, but food was uninspiring. Free antipasta was best part, bread was plain and refined, olive oil was pale, anchovies were old, beer list weak.
Blah.. Airport prices & taste like dominos cardboard pizza..
I wish it was a little quicker and cleaner overall. Our table was sticky and gross which made me think that the kitchen was probably not clean either. I always get what I believe are called crazy noodles and it tastes pretty good. Maybe if the service was much faster and the place was cleaner I'd go again.
Nice layout of the casino. Lots of slot machines that aren't in other casinos. Like Yahtzee. The bathrooms are clean as well. Lots of delicious eaterys. The convention rooms are expansive and the halls have comfortable seating thru out.
I was there for the Taste MTL event. Overall great food, perfect flavors, and nice techniques. The servers were quite busy (totally normal during such events) and seemed a little overwhelmed, but the food was just perfect. On my bucket-list for brunches, too !
The Worst. Missed every deadline like it was their job. Designed our \"custom\" website in a cheesy wordpress format that is outdated and can never be changed other than text. Overpriced and under-delivered. Spent almost $10k and was completely ripped off.
Decent, for a $5 pizza joint. The sauce definitely had that pre-made, paste texture; which is a pizza sin. Although, the cheese was surprisingly fresh.\n\nHowever, you're better off spending your $5 and getting a slice or two at somewhere else.
i used to like it here. until they messed up every to-go order i've placed. and getting flustered that i arrive earlier than expected to pick it up.
Been here twice. Service is good. First time was good.They brought out yummy breadsticks. Must have forgotten the second time. Second time pizza was a bit soggy. Not good. Salad good both times.Prob won't go back :(
I saw Dr McLeish twice and found him compassionate and an attentive listener.  He was skilled in the treatment he gave me.  His office staff was friendly and efficient.  I believe one has to actually see a doctor in order to give an accurate review.
My vehicle was damaged during the detail....the manager Keith promised to fix the damage-- a lie...the detail was $350   damage $490--  do not risk having my experience at this company.    Dishonest  for responsibility and overpriced for the quality of detail!
Ok.. Very dirty restaurant front and kitchen. \nAlso took 30 mins for simple dumplings. Think they were flown in from Queens.
Soooo happy we came here!!! I'm not usually a fan of eating Indian food at a restaurant but we came here for father's day and we not disappointed. Everything was so tasty and perfectly portioned too. If you like Indian food, you must try this place.
Great food worth the wait. The menu even tells you what items will take longer so no surprises. It just gives you more time to eat some cheesy garlic knots. Yummy.
came on a friday night...was dead. loved the atmosphere/decor minus the gambling tables. didnt really stay that long to have a drink or experience the music. i would definitely give it a second chance though...maybe on a saturday night.
Omg this place was freaking awesome and the bar tender was freaking awesome. The tapas are amazing and the atmosphere was so great!! I will definitely be back because I loved it so much! Service was great and the drinks were bananas!!!!
1st time in and have no complaints! We had 2 waitresses taking great care of us. Wings were good and so was the grilled cheese. Comfy chairs and TVs everywhere. I only gave 4 stars because it was smokey in here.
Eh, nothing to rave about. Decent pho but Pho Van is better.
Great price, fantastic FRESHLY made food.  Best restaurant of its type in Charlotte
This was the first time we had Jimmy Johns.  And we used the delivery service.  I had the BLT and man was it good.  My husband had a roast beef and Mom had ham and cheese.  And the delivery was super fast.  We defiantly will eat here again!
Park on Fremont is my Park Place. luv!  love the teeter totter. shhh....its a secret.
Adding a star because you can order books online and pick them up here.  That makes up for the small selection.
Food here was ok\n\nSalad bar has good variety.  Service here sucks.  Salad bar was missing several items.  Several people complained and amongst the 3+ servers, they couldn't fill the missing items on a weekend at 7PM.
The store is like any other Fry's store.  The employees are SUPER nice at this store.  But the shoppers tend to be very rude and inconsiderate.  I normally find everything I need at this store and go on off hours so it is not so busy.
I think this bartender there named Chelsea was on the casting couch, not a great performance but always interesting to see a minor celebrity
This is my nail salon! I have tried many many different salons over the past few years and never found one I wanted to go back to. Modern nails is the best. I always get a pedi and shellac polish and it is amazing. The staff is friendly and efficient. This is the only place I go to now.
This place is so great I'm planning a wedding rehearsal dinner here. Ask for Joe, he's the man!!
The service was fine, but the food was mediocre at best. Also, the overwhelming and unpleasant smell that hit me when I walked in sort of set a bad mark from the start of lunch. Overall it's just....meh.
This place is really good. I love their Kung pao chicken! It's awesome. A  a couple of negatives though, they do get orders wrong sometimes!
Great Thai food and the black tea is incredible!!! If you are thinking of coming here do yourself a favor and make it happen.
I have low expectations for airport food, but this place wasn't bad.  The breakfast burrito beat the other McChains in the terminal.
Joey's was clean and the staff was friendly. I had the Italian beef sandwich with fries and a soda. The total was about $10 for my meal and the quality of the beef was good. I would definitely come back. Oh, got to have the cheese sauce with the fries though :)
This place has been packed almost every time I have gone, but I love it, so it is worth it. Broccoli cheddar soup is to die for!!!
This is where I learned to love Thai curry.  It's been hard to beat since.  What a great place.  Awesome lunch specials.
in town for some business and looked at what was available right near the hotel...nice selection...clean
Food was good and there were a ton of options on the menu, but the service left something to be desired. However, they do service breakfast all day and I couldn't find anywhere else in the city that does that. Pancakes at 3pm=perfection.
I love their super thin chips and the salsa is great. The food is good for a chain and the service is terrific.\n\nI love their guacamole cream and their flan and Tres Leche is to die for!
Checked in to a room that the bathroom was not clean bugs were on the floor concierge staff was very rude. Would not have stayed if it were not a vacation package. Will never stay here again
I have never been to this park, but I have seen lots of Grindline parks.   Grindline parks are worth visiting.  The workers actually skate (hard),  and have a clue as to what works and what does not work.   The layouts of their parks are great fun.  The concrete finish work is unmatched.
Great good and friendly people. We got the chicken Parm and meatball sub and they were amazing!! Nice place.
I love their bagels! The foods amazing and so are the people. Always great service.
Tacos are delish!!
Was there Friday morning around 9am- rudest young guy working the order window and took our payment. That guy has no business in the customer service industry.
This is NOT a place for kids.  They will be rude to you even if you just spent $25 in food for them.  Band was terrible.
Called this store to get something fixed and another store gives me a way better solution then the manager crystal. DO NO GO THERE.
Such a cute little shop, truly a place to go and hang out to relax and read, have a business meeting, or just grab your favorite beverage.  The staff is wonderful and friendly and truly welcomes you in.  I just adore this place
Seriously, this place sucks! Every time I decide to go to this KFC somehow they always manage to forget to put everything I paid for in the bag. Really? It's not that difficult.
I have used Kendall Plumbing & Rooter for my management company KRK Realty for the past 15 years.  I have found them to be prompt and fair.  Kevin Kirkwood
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n8 Food\n8 Service\n8 Atmosphere\n7 Value
Food=2\nService=3\n\nFor a bar/grill this place is friggin spotless.
Happy Birthday Chey-Chey!
our go to 24 hour grocery store. clean, organized and a friendly staff. i shop late at night to avoid the long lines but it does get a little crowded because of the restocking crew.  one thing is they only accept debit/cash but no credit cards.
Scott, I love what you did for my home. You are a great artist.  I would recommend you to all my friends.  \n\nThank you again,\nLucy V.
This is the place to get cheap drinks while waiting to get into Thunder From Down Under next door. Their happy hour runs all day and includes $2 beer and $5 cocktails. There's hardly anyone here in the evenings too so service is fast. Load up ladies because you'll need it!
It's kind of amazing how every employee here is unpleasant. At least they are consistent.
Dinner was pretty bad. Add slow service and it worsened the experience. Breakfast was much better. Stay away from the day old 1/2 frozen baked goods.
What a bargain this place is, veryyy inexpensive and real indian food. The buffet is really good and the service was very personal, the owner of the restaurant came over several times to our table and gave very good advice on what to get. Everything was fantastic.
I was here once before and did not like the service. This time I was helped as soon as I walked in. I was in and I was out.
Am impressed with how Cracker Barrel responded to this. The Manager called and we talked about it. My review stands as this was reflective of our experience at the time. We will try this restaurant next time we are passing thru as we have had 3 other pleasant experiences at this location.
Ate there with friends who are novice sushi fans. We experimented with a broad spectrum of tastes and textures. The fish had good flavor but the texture indicated that it had sat around a bit longer than I like. Not bad, but not great.
Best poker room evah, except for Binion's. Really upscale and all the staff is great. We love Kathy, a/the poker room manager. They put up with our rowdy group and were a lot of fun.  A+++
Fun and totally worth the price and extras! The staff was great & Elvis was hilarious!! This was the perfect wedding for us, since we're both goofballs & our fav movie is Love Stinks!!
I went there with a large group and wasn't picking up the tab, so as I result I had a great time. The appetizers, wine were great, the steak, I got the rib eye, dry aged, was ok, I have had better, but was an overall impressive and fun experience.
Soggy skin on chicken.  Chicken breasts were huge though with lots of meat.  First time eating here.  Also the biscuit was just blah, not bad but not good either.  Would rather eat kfc.  Wasnt awful, just okay
Service was good.   Store is run down.   Carpets were dirty and coming apart.  Tile floors were filthy.   Place has almost become an overpriced Wal Mart.    Not impressed.   Truly disappointed
I've eaten here a half a dozen times and have always had a good experience. \n\nThe service has always been quick and friendly. The place is always clean. The food has always been tasty.\n\nI'm sure I'll be visiting again.
Open 7 days a week\nLIES LIES LIES\n\nI've been calling for the last half hour and it just keeps ringing!!\nMaybe because of the Super Bowl ?\nC'mon REALLY that's so BS
it's not real Mexican food. the only close to authentic was the condiments bar with the pickled carrot, jalape\u00f1o and the sauce. their taco was tasteless and boring, no flavor
Great food.  Service is awful and rude!!!!!!!!!!!!  I always go here for brunch, but after my last experience I don't think I'll be back!
This hotel is disgusting! Booked through expedia so they stuck us in a corner room! No hot water! The pool and the staff and security there are rude! The staff t checking less then nice as well!! I will never stay here again they need to get it together, I suggest you nott stay either
After being a patient for over 2 years at Cherrington Dental, I have to say it feels much more like going to see friends and family than going to a dentist appointment.  \nThe entire staff is really great!
the outdoor seating is empty and they won't seat us there... they just want everyone to sit inside and uses the outside to entice customers to come in... we ate here but since it was so unmemorable, it probably was just so so and we won't be back!
Expensive drinks, expensive to get in. It took hours for the dj we came for to even show up. Ended up leaving. Wish I could get a refund but that's never going to happen.
The burgers were alright, but not worth the price to me, and one of the managers was really rude to my mom when we went. Probably wont be going back any time soon.
The worst rooms in Vegas for sure! Don't stay here, not worth even the discounted price.
One word: Breathtaking
I'd rather eat from the lobster tank because that was the cleanest place in the joint. For the price of these \"seafood\" dishes, one could be eating cuisine from a real chef at Vogue instead of the microwave meisters, Julio and Juan.
We went looking for a thank you gift  for  friend of ours. What a nice surprise this store is!  \n\nThis place has a little bit of everything. There is truly \"something for everyone\" to be had. \n\nBravo!
great bruschettas!
The dry aged prime rib is like butter. Meat butter with a hint of salt from heaven. Old school wait staff is great too! He totally hates me for reviewing this at the table. Very classy place.
The white tomato, Sicilian and plain cheese are some of the best pizza I've ever had.  The white tomato is by far my favorite, but I've never had a bad slice from this place.  Great for take out and even better for grabbing a slice at lunch.
The bacon avacado omlete was delicious. The food came out quick and hot. Great service too.
Love this place! Great food, atmosphere, and booze!
Have been a few times for lunch, and they were pretty busy. Had pretty fast service and the food was good.
I am really picky when it comes to hot dogs, but I did enjoy the ones they have here. Granted, I have only been able to try it once so far. But my experience was a fairly pleasant one even though I'm not crazy about their fries. I'm sure I'll be back sometime.
Love the show so being able to see the car collection up close was a real treat. Even bought a shirt that Danny autographed. Thanks for the show.
Macy's is not Marshall Fields, nor will it ever be.  Maybe it is more like Marshall's, without the low prices.  It is 100 degrees inside, and trying to move around the obstacle course of products jammed in the aisles is annoying at best.  God help you if there is ever a fire.
Fatburger was good. Onion rings were okay. Lemonade was refreshing.
i went here almost 6 months ago. Solid fajitas, decent margaritas, good service. I really remember their guacamole standing out
OMG!!! I loved the food. Especially the kifta kabob! The best in town and since I have been doing a low carb diet this place is the best for it cause their salads are great with the kabobs or chicken. Very flavorful!!! I will definitely be going here again! loved it
Amazing food , the chicken pot pie is nothing to write home about . But the tomato soup is amazing especially with the bread.
Someone condense these:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/excalibur-las-vegas#hrid:EbB0EKtVh33AWJRNqhIJ4Q
Gerald and his team are fantastic. They are caring and put their all into everything they do. You can count on them to get your pool clean, be on time and be true professionals!
Everything I've tried are wonderful. I love chicken curry the most! If only they have had more variety to choose from, this would be my first choice for lunch.
So good. The KFC was great especially the mash browns.  I've been talking about them since I left. Possibly my favorite meal I had the whole time I was in Vegas.
Just ate.  If you are a foodie you will be a little upset at the value but will maybe enjoy the meal...get ready for an expensive meal you could duplicate for half the cost.
Good food. Loved the truffle Edemame. Just don't sit in a booth.  The backs move.
I've had every car I've owned tinted here. This is a good and professional family owned business. I can't say enough good things about this business fast, efficient, and won't break the bank! Give them a try you'll like them.
Being from Chicago and also being Greek, this place did not live up to my standards.  Gyro tasted like canned meet.  Their fries were cold and mush.  I will never go back... Nor do I recommend anyone try it.  Yuck!
What a great little gem, in the area for a meeting and one guy recommended this place. Not much to look at from outside BUT seated quickly and drinks and chips and salsa came quick. I really enjoyed the little fried tacos with the shredded beef. I am am going back later in the week to sample something else.
Tiny Ross compared to others I have been in. Fairly friendly service though. Minus one star because they need to stock their shelves more often, there were a lot of huge empty spaces and gaps.
YUM!  I always order a vegetarian burrito with black beans.  I ask for an extra tortilla (free) so I can take half the stuffing out of the burrito and save it for a meal later.
If I were rating on brunch alone it would definitely be 5 stars, it's amazing.  Thursday's soup (chicken tortilla) is cant miss.  Its my favorite soup EVER!  The regular menu stuff, just ok.  Service is always good.
Good Thai food here.  I always get the bananas with honey for dessert!  Try it!  As for the food they use just a little too much oil.  The service staff are so kind.  I will come here from time to time when I am in the Phoenix area.
It closed! I was about to finally try the oyster poboy everyone raves about. It wasn't meant to be....
Wings arent good, turkey club is turkeyless. Spinanch dip is great!  This is a another burger joint that specializes in chocolate pleasures & desserts. Cool atmosphere but food is suspect! Give it a try!
Went to Guy's to celebrate a birthday.  Not worth the hype. Won't return, nor recommend to friends. Really wanted to like this place.  Service slow. Had fly bugging everyone the whole time. Guess they can't afford fly fans to keep the flies on the patio.
We went here today looking for some authentic Scotish cuisine and I was very impressed. The location is very good for those exploring Edinburghs old town and famous royal mile. The decor was a bit old skool with some tacky pictures on the wall but when the food arrived you will no longer notice them because our meal was delicious.
Terrible customer service.
I found a DEAD fly in my salad coated in dressing. The server didn't charge me at least but oh my goodness. I will Not be returning
Went there again and the refried beans did not taste like I remembered. I think they changed up the recipe. Everything else was still solid though.
I wish I could give a higher rating, but our waitress almost never checked in on us and left us waiting forever for the bill, long after the buser had cleared our plates. \nThe food was excellent, so a solid 3 stars and hopefully next time the service is better.The outdoor patio is also lovely.
Great atmosphere and the chopped salad was delicious!!  I will definitely return!
Fun, uber-professional and generally awesome. I've printed shirts for my kid, custom baby shower onesies, snarky sweatshirts, you name it.  The staff is great, the owner has customer service down to a \"tee\" (haaaa), and the atmosphere is lively.
We order Tessios for the office about every other week.\n\nI must say the pizza really is good. Not as good as where I grew up but it is good.\nI have never had a problem with any of the food ever and the Gyro meet with Mushroom is unbeatable.
It's good pizza but I think it's totally overrated and over priced.
Customer service is very bad. I wanted to return dog toy which is I never opened  they were so lazy to do it .... I gauss they were mad to me. I don't know...
The kabobs are delicious here.  I especially loved the convenience (as it was right near our hotel) and the whole simple ordering system they have set up.  Making this my first meal, after a long cross country flight (from SF to Montreal), was a no brainer and very enjoyable.
What a dump! I walk in the guy working the front desk looks at me and walks around the corner. I looked around was not impressed. I'll keep driving to golds !
Food is average. I'm a big fan of chips and salsa when it comes to Mexican restaurants. This place does not cut it. I've eaten here about 4 times and it's not for me. I'd rather eat at La Canasta now that's good authentic Mexican food.
Perfectly fine. Open later than other local Walgreens. Nothing particularly notable about this Walgreens --- like many places, if you need a serious over the counter cough/cold medicine bring your I.D. No need to bring Breaking Bad into this!
Good airport. Clean and well organized with lots of stores and eateries.
They did an excellent job on our car. I was a little skeptical since this was our first time here. The car wash inside was clean and customer service was friendly. They offer indoor and outdoor waiting. The water mist was an added bonus while waiting outside on a hot day. I would come here again!! Highly recommend!
Went there for the first time today and I will definitely be going back, Rose did my nails and she is great, she takes her time and really cares. Best manicure I have ever had.\n\n-Kim
Mc Donalds with a high price tag, enough said.
Awesome selection but staff are very rude
Great service and excellent food. NOTHING to complain about! A must try!
Hurry happy hour ends at 7!  Great food and drinks!!!  design your own imperial black/tan... i MADE a Guiness/Kiltlifter....YUMMY.  Best Seared Ahi Tuna I have had to date...
Good place to dine while in the Phoenix airport. The service is friendly, the atmosphere is nice, and the food is good. I ordered the grilled chicken stuffed pita with lettuce, tomato, hummus, and a vinaigrette. There are plugins too. Can't beat that.
Best casino service in Vegas. Staff was amazing and it was super clean. Id walk through the flamingo where I was staying to go right there.
Newfound place to go!! Cheap drinks good atmosphere. If you gamble too it's not gonna cost you a fortune for one bet. The cafe nachos are horrible though.
Sirio was recommended to us by a friend. Their pastas were better than reported and so was their pizza matgherita. Wine selection was good but overpriced so i'm deducting 1.5 stars for this
horrible service, took a very long to get my nails done and after 3 days they already look horrible! spent $60 for a mani and pedi and could have done a better job myself for free.
Griddle cakes does not have their SuMmerline location......too bad they can't update their information on this site.  We wasted our time looking for the place.....went over to Egg Works.
Lunch with 2 salads took a total of 30 minutes to be served.  They weren't even busy!  Wait staff wasn't great either.
Spent an hour here killing time between a Rebel basketball game and a Chinese New Year feast at the Student Union. They seem to have a good selection of beer on tap. It's a decent spot to chill and have a cold one. The place wasn't busy when we were there, so it served its purpose well.
the best sauce ever!\n\nrib meat scares me, but the sauce MMMMmmmmmMMMM!!!
GREAT place to stay in Vegas!! Catch a good deal on Hotel's, and it is sooo worth it.  Rooms are AWESOME, best customer service ever! Close to so much, with shuttles to get you closer!!
This has to be the best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas, hands down.  The rice with the nopal, the coffees, the birria tacos, the lost goes on. Ambience, staff, and food are all reasons to return.
Yum!  Although you don't have a menu to choose from the fixed meal is awesome.  The steak melts in your mouth and the shrimp scampi and bread is awesome.  It's a good place to take friends to...definitely not your typical restaurant.  I highly recommend it :)
This place is amazing and our favorite waiter, Tommy, makes it even better!  We have been here many times and every time Tommy has a smile on his face. I request him every time. Food is great, love everything on the menu.
Came in with a hankering for some sushi and such. Friendly service and a great menu. The selection was fresh and tasted great. I will be back for more craving killers.
Great service, Lauren and the rest of the staff were awesome. The spinach salad with chicken is better than anything coming out of any fox concept restaurant. Great atmosphere for an ASU game. Go Devils.
Conveniently located doors down from LVAC. Finished working out and wanted to dine out so stopped in to try this place out. I had the chicken and broccoli with some extra chicken. It was pretty good, would of liked it just a little more flavorful. I will be back to try something different.
This was a great hotel. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that it didn't have free breakfast.\n\nGood service, polite staff, a free airport shuttle and free WiFi. Also, a really ideal location right on the square. The rooms were nice and worth the cost.
FOREVER WAIT! Waited 2hours just to get a bowl of ramen.. I'd rethink on going again. The taste is very authentic and it has decent amount of ramen inside the bowl.
Good luck getting any real answers out of these guys. I've been trying to get landscape and financial information from them, but haven't had any luck yet.
Amazing crepe, and yes it was expensive, but it was big enough for two so it was not like it wasn't worth it. And considering it is inside a strip hotel, it could definitely be worse...
I've been bringing my son here for a month now and love it! Miss Kim is awesome, so easy-going and inviting. My son loves to participate in whatever she is teaching at the time. So glad we tried this place first!
Im so glad I came across this nail salon. The nail techs are professional and really have skills and creative. Not to mention everything is a \"one time use\" that means sanitary. Thanks Kimi and Lucy for your service. I am one happy client :)
Good food, large portions, fair prices, but you will have a weird deja vu, because you've been to a 100 Mexican places just like La Fondas.
This place sucks a lot of food but it all taste the same no flavor and it's over cooked ok I understand it's a buffet but this was crap
Was a little disappointed. I expected to see a little bit more than I did. There were some flamingos, swans,ducks and fish. Hopefully in the summer its a little different. I came during the winter so it was a bit chilly out.
Brio has the best happy hour!  Where else can you go and get a great burger for $3.  Add a beer for $4 and I am a happy girl!  All their appetizers are $3!  Sweet deal.
The receptionist is rude. About a minute after I checked in another client came in and was offered water or coffee. Seems like she picks and chooses who to be friendly to.
Great Food, fresh and tasty!! Not just another Burrito! Family owned and run I really enjoy the experience of Burrito House. My wife and I love it!
Although my treatment was great and my therapist was good the overall experience was disappointing because the place is so so dated... I was looking forward to spending time there but it really didn't feel like a space where you want to stay and relax.
This is a favorite locals spot with great service. The desserts are incredible and worth the trip by itself. It has a good vibe with huge comfortable chairs, tons of TV's for the game, and very good bartenders.  This is our favorite spot off the strip.
Love this place. Come here when in mood ice cream, the yogurt is much better for ya, so it is a win..loved the looney tunes promotion love tweety
I like the different levels of service for pedis but my polish is always chipped within 5-7 days when my polish normally lasts 3-4 weeks. Good massage
I've eaten here several times on visits to Madison and always enjoyed it despite comments of one reviewer.  Menu seems a bit more extensive than that of Afghan restaurant in Chicago and it is centrally located on State Street.  Like the soup too.
Venue is an A-, Live music is B+, service is a C-, food is a D. How can you mess up basic bar food??? This place is in a great location and has lots of potential. Where's their application for \"Restaurant Impossible? \" :)
Pretty solid food, always decent crowd, and ok service!
Had a savory crepe and wished I had gone for a sweet dessert crepe option. The crepe was underwhelming and dry, barely recognized it as a crepe.  However I also tried the dark chocolate mousse cake which was delicious.
Yummy sandwiches, lots of variety, very fair pricing. Open 24 hours!  However, the one at Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile serves better sandwiches than the newer one at the Palms.  I think the Palms location is  still working out the kinks.
It doesn't get much better than the Bahama Mama smoothie. Yum!!!
Watch out!  They charge $67 to your credit card if you don't check out.  These \"resort fees\" are not included in the cost of the hotel.\n\nCrappy customer service.
Yelp has never let us down yet. We love the food here..affordable and was enough to fill up our bottomless pit son!
I have been dealing with Michael Haight for over 11 years now. This guy and his staff are amazing, and go beyond all expectations to earn your business over and over again. Anyone, looking for a great firm to represent them, call these guys and you wont be disappointed. \n\nTom.N
First time here. I had the dog father, baked beans, and the potato salad. All were fantastic. Very laid back place.
This place is a hidden gem. They deliver outstanding food and the price is amazing.
Thai food is quick to cook...the technique takes longer to master!  Wouldn't recommend
the enormous beer selection is great! unfortunately our server, Matt, didn't have a clue about any of the beers other than the very few he personally liked. thumbs up for yard house, thumbs down for matt.
I have attended this festival the past 3 years. The film selection is always GREAT.\n\nI just wish it were not done in far far far away NORTH Scottsdale :(. I was happy with the 2010 location.
Bone in Brooklyn ribeye was, hands down, best steak experience I've ever had. Marbling; flavor; cooked to medium-rare perfection; amazing. Great customer service is impeccable. Highly recommend.
Yet again another smoke filled disappointment thanks yelp for the recommendation! I prefer not to smell smoke as I eat or do anything in my life.
This is a true New york style chinese place. \n\nIts located in an old quiznos and they didnt really remodel so dont expect to come here and sit down and eat. \n\nTons of vegetarian/Vegan options. Check it out
AWESOME concert.  I'm glad we went on the last weekend or else we would've missed an awesome performance.  Thank you Garth.  It was a night to remember.
Can't get enough of their Pra Ram...the peanut sauce is unmatched!! We frequent this place regularly for weekday lunchtime specials. It's a family run business with weird hours, so make sure you call ahead before going. Well worth the trip though!
Just a solid neighborhood pub. Good atmosphere. Good English tap list. Didn't eat anything. Impressive selection of scotch. Was full 2pm on mon.
The bowls are great, but the specials aren't that good. If you want a good teriyaki chicken with vegis white or brown rice then it's pretty good place. They've gotten a little cheap on the cups and plates lately, hope they change back.\n\nStill nice people and quick service.
Its getting harder and harder to find 31 flavors stores. This place always has a nice staff offering free samples. I love free samples. This is a great place to put smiles on kids faces and where else can you spend only $5 on two kids. Only four stars because its time to redecorate.
This place rocks!! Tater tots with tartar sauce, not kidding, unbelievable!! Spinach and artichoke dip a must. Great food, good happy hour and all the staff is nice and beautiful...That's right, I said it!
Ate here last night.  Busy, great service, wonderful Louisiana fare.  Bread pudding is the best!
Slow service, they need to hire more staff!
Mango and Dreams!! Best shake out here, other than the Harlem!
We got takeout and it was low quality Mexican.  Chicken was stringy an.d tough, seasonings were very pedestrian. If you like this you're not serious about Mexican
Great food but the service really is lacking.  Not sure if we will be back again.  The place was not busy as we were there for a late dinner, but the waiter just did not seem like he wanted to take care of our dining needs.  Pretty disappointed.
Double-Double Animal Style, fries, and chocolate shake. Nuff said. I can't get enough of In-N-Out when I'm on the West Coast.
Why does everyone rave about this place? The burgers are about the same as a fast food place. The fries are not fresh as advertised but made from prepackaged frozen bags. It took one minute to get my burger. Yet the place is busy. A better burger joint is Wood Flame Burgers.
Brunch Bloody Mary's. Mimosas.  Nice small portioned tasty food . Not stellar service but Good for a brunch.
I got house chips with my sandwich. I thought house chips are cooked in restaurant. I received store bought ruffle chips in a plastic sandwich bag. Lol
Way over priced! Poor service, bad atmosphere, would never go back!
Can't follow instructions. No cheese means just that!!!  It doesn't mean ignore me and fix it the way you want. This place is clearly not interested in any further business from me.
Again lynn bloom excedes herself.  She is the best an my hair is always perfect. She listens to exactly what I want an does an awesome job. So if you want your hair hair done right go see her you will never go to anyone else.
We definitely enjoyed the options at the dessert station.  The small bites are a nice way to try a variety of flavors.  Our waitress was attentive and the wait time for seating was minimal.
This DMV is crazy fast!
Love it! such good deals and really good prices on costume jewelry. I've been a fan for years!
We were here for a convention which was all day in this Hilton. The hotel is dated, but the pool appears updated and the conference room is small for about 200 people. I didn't think this place was spectacular and was glad to have booked the Hyatt to stay.
Expensive but nothing special. Sushi tempura was cold. Ordered the hory fook roll which was supposed to have crispy tempura jalape\u00f1o and shrimp. It was soggy and cold
Fuku hits the spot. A definate local treat. I only wish they kept the Mac salad in stock. I don't understand why it's on the menu full time when it's only a once in a while special.  I've been told this delicious treat is only made about once a month.
Wait for long time. And the taste not worth the waiting at all. Price set high. I think I will not go back.
Giving it one star because my first visit was good but had to go back a day later due to nail chipping and was told by the lady at station 3 to fix it my self at home . I won't be back . And don't sit at station 3.
The steak special used to be good when it was terribles but the \"t-bone\" was awful. Thin, no meat on the filet side, cold and the sides were boring. This used to one of our favorite places but we won't be back.
I've been here a few times since my first visit and have been suitably impressed with the food and coffee. \n\nThe service is still less than warm, but hasn't been rude.\n\nIt's nice to know it's here if I'm in the area.
I love the decor of this new Starbucks. The service is lacking though. There are a hand full of good employees but most are young and rude. I am not sure why. The one across the street is much better. This one is just more convenient.
This place is an embarrassment to Mexican food. You couldn't pay me to come back here. The food was disappointing and the service was weak. Can't wait to see what replaces this dump in a few months.
I took my car in to get the rear door replaced due to an accident.  Quick service, great work, and close to home, Unfortunately my car on the inside was dusty and remnants from the job was left inside, including small grease stains which were left on the seats.
have a crepe in paris :) You can get full off of one crepe! with strip prices I feel like the prices here are reasonable. Go to paris and have the france experience yay! Good, fast and affordable!
Good as other JJ's I tried in Cincinnati.   Polite and fast service.   Restrooms were open and clean.
Worst experience please don't go this shitty place\nLong wait for order delivery .for fucking sandwich they took 1 hour, the bartender is very careless and replied to me \"i am not making it \". Damn worst service in my entire life.\nManager is also worst and racial.
Store is never stocked. Always out of stock on items. The Walmart on Bell Road is much better. Always has what I need - all the time.
Checking out the window displays are worth the trip here; they are actually the biggest draw because the store itself is small and didn't have much selection...at least while I was there.  And there is a bar outside where your man can wait and watch the game.
We were about to buy some products an my 2 year old had to use the bathroom. One lady said ok and the other said no! So rude! Even though we live the place we wont be back due to the rude service!
Really would like it if they had not cold crabs legs but nice hot juicy crab legs., would have like a much more of a difference in the type of food they had. something much special then the regular buffet for the price. should be more for the price
Worst service, they just keep talk and talk with each other, wait for a long time for a drinks, won't be back!
$5 for a gyro is a good price.  I've had $10 gyro's taste worse than this.  That's why this place get's 2 stars.\n\nIt was nothing to write home about.  I will have to find the perfect gyro in Phoenix somewhere else.
I love Love LOVE this hotel. If you stay here, you MUST get a room with the Japanese soaking tubs that faces the North end of the strip.
Go for take-out bialys or bagels, but skip the sandwiches. We have been 20 year customers at two locations, but surely they can master a Reuben sandwich.  Apparently not.  I won't go back any more. Poor quality for the authentic-level price.  Might as well go to Subway.
Since I've moved to this side of town, Lucky's has become a local hangout. I would definitely recommend this place, and give kudos to bartenders like Levi (who works graveyard) that make it so enjoyable.
Great service, thorough clean up job, skilled climbers. Chip did a good job on our huge Aleppo pine. We will definitely use Chip again for our mulberries and citrus.
Really nice laundromat. Lots of space and the machines are pretty new, there are also plenty of them...never have to wait for one when I do my laundry. They even have old school arcade games to pass the time!
Great view but the food is average and the service is ok.  If you can just go for a drink and eat somewhere else.
Had my first trip to trump last month, the rooms are amazing and the lobby is nice but has that overly gold look that trump likes so much. \nbut was pleasantly surprised buy the over all look and feel of the hotel.
Pizza was super dry we got pesto chicken pizza but more over the service was nothing to write home about
They do not deliver unless\n it is catering.
Always have great food when we go! Staff is on top of things and we'll return!
Horrendous, start to finish. Don't bother.
Super quick for both inspection and oil change. In and out in nearly 15minutes! No need for an appointment. Everyone working there is very friendly. \n\nWill certainly be going back and sending referrals.
Pizza was super greasy, they took a slice of cheese pizza and put all the toppings on it then melted it in the oven... so the ham and sausage was cold. Also 3.50 for one slice totally not worth it. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this place.
Fun place, great happy hour specials $5.00 appetizers. Try the calamari \nRich the bartender was great fun, likes to cut up and keeps your drinks coming. \nGive it a try.
Pad see eww and green curry fried rice are great! I can substitute my crave for Sanam Luang (in SoCal) with food from Thai Style Noodle House!
Not impress. The rooms is outdated. The carpet are dirty. No wifi.  Won't be staying here again
Everything here was great coffee was perfect so was the food and service was quick and pleasant
The best burger I have had, definitely plan on returning to try another. This place was very nice and the overall service was great. The wait for food was a bit long but that could be because we were starving at the time. I would definitely recommend making a reservation, after we left there was a long line of people waiting.
I ate here a year ago and I still dream about their waffles. Everything I tasted was delicious. \nThe owner introduced himself to us. He was very nice and helpful. I can't wait to go back.
This place is better than the one at Desert Ridge- but it seems to have the same problem.  Good food- bad management.  There were about 6 employees in here when I came in and only 2 of them were actually doing something.
Good bran new venue downtown, I saw MC chris here and I liked that atmosphere. plenty of seating and a ground level stage. the only thing I didn't like was paying 5 dollars for a can of PBR ;)
Great set of Drafts available. Great atmosphere for drinking. Its usually crowded on weekdays and weekends are worst.
Service here is terrible unless you know someone. Hookah here is terrible unless you like herbal hookah. Herbal hookah is much harsher and lacks flavor unlike your average tobacco based hookah. The only thing this hookah lounge has going for it is that it serves alcohol which appeals to the 21+ crowd.
Wondertum.
Tried the veggie/fruit smoothies called apples n' greens and it tastes like yucky baby food.\n\nMy southwestern chicken chorizo breakfast wrap on the other hand was hot and TASTY! (Unlike tropical smoothie where their \"hot\" items ate barely warm)
Tonight tried Springers for the first time. Good atmosphere.  Dining on deck lakefront was very popular.'\n\nBaked fish very good.  Smelt very bad, the breading was thicker than to fish.
I love starbucks and i love coffee but here my caramel macchiato shot was burnt and bitter the two times I have been here. So far the only Starbucks that screwed up my drink. I rather just go down the road and find another one a few blocks away.
Another great and honest service by Decatur Auto Electirc.  This is the 3rd time they have worked on my truck and have been resonable and honest each time.  Thank Luis and team for another job well done!  I will recomend you and be back with future issues I may encounter. Thanks, John
Landscaping is being dug up and replaced with ugly gravel and desert pland. It was 5 stars before.
Always a family favorite!  Tastes great, cheap, and filling!
I really enjoyed the service I received at this Outback. I know that restaurants are often busy and I usually feel like the personal, friendly service is sacrificed but we were treated very well.
Showed up at 3pm on a Saturday and it was closed. Hours say open until 4pm on Saturday.
Duck rice is phenomenal.....   Yum! I loved the scallion ginger crunchies.  The crispy duck bao and pork belly bao are always a fave. Now today's special on the pork belly blt was like WHOA ....  Get it
Not sure how this place is for dinner, but for lunch it is more cafeteria than anything else.  Food is not served to you at lunch.  You have to get up and get it yourself even if you are paying almost $30 for a prime rib!
The kitchen is a little slow BUT the wait is worth it.  I love the Rama noodles and the lemonade is amazing!!
Went twice, hated it twice. Pizzas are too salted, food is very average. Ingredients are low quality. Won't go back.
First off, I was annoyed for waiting over half an hour for waffles, it wasn't over crowded so that was just lame. This place is over hyped, nothing special. Just a bunch of different toppings on waffles. Big whoop! The food isn't bad it's just not anything special.
Been waiting for a close sushi spot and this does the trick. Great prices & friendly staff. My only complaint is Ive been there 3 times and ordered the fried calamari but they dont have it. Not sure whats up with that. I will definitely go back and keep bugging them about it.
Always a good place to go with friends/family from out of town for it's vegetarian friendly menu.
Great cup of Columbian filter coffee.  DittoThai salad and zucchini & goat cheese scone.\nKudos to PHX airport officials for promoting high q locals. \nGreat people at cartel- disturbing to see big line at star$... & no line here.
Bought my vehicle here last summer and was very pleased with the entire process.  Everyone went overboard to get me that exact vehicle I wanted. \nSince then I've gotten my oil changed here (free oil changes for 2 years was part of the deal) and the service continues to be excellent.
Can't comment on the prices as was treated here but the cheesecake portion was a good size and well presented, service was very good and the range of alcohol also very good. Kudos too for the tangerine & black tiling in the Gents.
2 for 1 Jameson shots for $6!!
Always a fun place to find interesting toys. They have the usual (Legos, Playmobile, etc) but many of the unusual. A real treat.
I LOVE this place. Awesome happy hour and the food ain't bad either. But PLEASE get propane heaters, the fire pits just are not cutting it!
Mediocre food, Apathetic management , and a long wait for the food.  Quite possibly one of the worst food experiences I've had in a long time. Do not come here.
Really really cool place!  I got the shrimp over noodles dish, and my friend got beef over cattle.  Everything is so fresh and the atmosphere is awesome!  I'll definitely be back very soon!
Sweet little lounge - great lighting and loved the music playing in the background. It gets crowded quick so get there early! Camille was a spot on bartender.
Gino was our waiter and despite the fact that he is from New York, he made us feel special even if we are from Boston.  The food was out standing.  Highly recommend.
Amazing bar.  Great ambiance / style / set up.   Great beer and drink selection.   Also has a wonderful covered outdoor sitting area that is quite large.   Loved this bar!
I am really enjoying the newest coffee shop in Regent Square. \n\nPros- delicious coffee drinks. Amazing house baked pastries. The chocolate croissants are the best I ever had.\n\nCons-cash only. It's the 2010's.
I wish I could give this more than 5 stars. It was seriously mind blowing and not to sound too dramatic, but it was almost life changing. This show was gorgeous and absolutely spectacular. If you do anything at all in Vegas, make sure it is this-- you will not regret it!
A great salon catering to Asian clientele. It is a mom and pop shop and at times will attract mom, pop, kids and more kids, but for a modern Asian cut for $20, I can live with it.
Hmmmmmmmm.  The website is down, the phone number not working.  I'm thinking the joint is closed.  I'll check it and get back to you.
Beautiful store. Gorgeous shopping center, I could live here! I'm getting a bed & a side table & a lamp and inviting everyone over 4 coffee
Boy did they drop the ball in the Ribs dept.\n\nAmazing Brisket. HORRIBLE ribs.
Based on an outstanding Yelp rating I called these guys. My first red flag was the $25 fee for driving to Mesa for an estimate. I agreed to the fee and set the appointment. Second red flag was when they no-show and no-call'd the appointment. I'm done, no third flag needed.
Not a bad place, service is a bit spotty, but otherwise good.\n\nNo doubt its a huge place with a ton of TVs and good food, great place for sports fans! Cowboys fans beware!!!\n\nStop in and cheer for favorite team.
The service makes up for the food quality and prices... but just barely. I'll go back if someone else is buying (and i'll remember to say \"well done\" so my medium-well burger isn't bloody).  The beer/cheese dip was AWESOME! Shoulda stopped there.
Built on the railroad right of way, the train comes through at all hours; blowing the horn shaking the building. This was a last resort reservation and we aren't staying here again. Property appears new, rooms are really nice, bright with neat pull down window shades. No wine or beer in snake shop.
Great Great Great!!!!\n\nThe food is awesome, the staff is better.  Been coming here for a long time and never had a bad experience.\n\nI get the swordfish and always start off with the Ceviche and the Shrimp cocktail.
The thai tea is very watery.  The wontons were very crispy and some were delicious while others were burned.The chicken was very dry. The fried rice was good. There was no one there so we were the only ones being waited on. It just tasted like something from a microwave.
Friendly staff, happy to make recommendations. Had the chicken w/ 3 sauces (BBQ, honey mustard, something else) and it was amazing! No tables, so be prepared to take it elsewhere to eat.
I made an appointment for a wedding party and they made us wait 45 minutes which completely ruined our schedule. They don't know how to make appointments correctly, and charged me for a pedi when all I received was a polish change. The staff is rude I will NEVER go back!
We came to lake las Vegas  for a company sponsored weekend and visited this restaurant.  The food was awesome, even the tuna sandwich is delicious, the service great and just a great ambience.  Prices were really great too!
Great little hole in wall Sushi place.  Great Food, Fresh Fish, and a very friendly staff. \n\nPS.  This is the only place where you eat fresh Sushi, and rip the microphone with some Rick James Super Freak! (Karaoke)
Very good! We stopped on our way home to New Mexico. The service was great and the food was awesome! The French toast was to die for. Everything is very natural, so that makes it even better!
I ordered delivery from them last night, I ordered the sweet & sour chicken and my girlfriend ordered  general tso's . The chicken in my dish was over cooked and dry.. I woke up this morning to find that my girlfriend got food poisoning from the general tso's she ordered.
I love stoping by Anthology to pick up cards for special occasions and holidays.  It is very charming shop run by lovely people.  If you are looking for quality paper goods and the sweetest rubber stamps around, Anthology is surely the place for you.
Sunday brunch sucks... No macaroon, lousy dishes, and weird tastes shrimp. Worst lunch buffet ever.
Totally not worth your money.  The food was bland.  I know what good Ethiopian food is and this place does not serve it.
I usually go for their dairy products like gallons of milk, eggs, and yogurts.  Friendly staffs and helpful employees.
Went for drinks with a few friends. Waitress was friendly and kept up with drinks. But this isn't the place for us. Just a bit on the rough side for us.
Awesome place.  Laulau's are good and moist.
I just completed a 7 month project remodeling a 95 year old home on the central coriddor. Michael at Clyde Hardware was my sole source for Baldwin locks for my home inside and out. They have the greatest selection, knowledge and service I have seen in the industry.
It is what it is its crap cheap food but they have free wifi which I love
This firm has been very helpful in taking care of my ticket that went into warrant.  Thank you for all your help and I will definitely recommend your firm to my friends and family
its a german beer hall that serves traditional german fare.  the wheat beer is highly recommended.  this has always been my favorite first check point to visit during my vegas runs.  good beer, hearty food, it doesn't get better than this.
pretty cool joint. food was good, drinks were good. nice lounge areas. definitely a great spot!
A very old, dated hotel with a terrible customer service and with a ghetto neighborhood. Find a better place to spend your money.
I had dinner at Sage a couple of months ago with co-workers. \n\nI had the braised veal cheeks and the cheese plate. The veal cheeks were very good and tender. Nice atmosphere too.\n\n While I enjoyed my meal I probably would only go back if it was expensed again.
This is a very nice, very clean family hotel. Only problem is the walls appear to be thin and you hear a lot of noise from the hallway.
This is the second time i've been here to compudoc and garreth and the team always help me with my computer troubles. very reliable experts they have here and i highly recommend.\n\nThanks,
This is absolutely the worst customer service experience I have ever had in my entire life.  From the moment that I stepped into the door, I was greeted by nothing but the cold shoulder and the tapping of text messages being sent.  Words to the owner about surviving in retail, the business is all about how you treat the people who walk in.
Honestly don't know what everyone is raving about. Fries were good but were sweet? Biscuit and chicken were tasteless.
Excellent food and drinks, place is clean and staff is very friendly. Best breakfast spot in Ballantyne. Have been here many times and never had an issue. If you're looking for a great spot to eat breakfast this is the place!
The chief is small and tastes kinda gross the pizza is good..but other locations are better
Quick, reasonably inexpensive food. Lines can be a drag if you are in a hurry. Pizza was better than I expected. Outdoor seating by the man made water fall was nice. In a hurry and need a quick bite- hit them up.
The jalapeno grits are fantastic, and the ribs (since they had already run out of brisket) were so tender and  delicious. I don't even care for bbq that much and I'll go out of my way to come back.
The people who work here are super nice and the veggie burrito is SOOOOO GOOD! Zucchini, kale, squash, feta, omg I love it! So glad a burrito spot by my house is this delicious!
I saw Mike Tyson when I was there last night.
Being that I've moved here recently from NY, It's nice to find pizza that compares to back home. Nice thin crust, tasty cheese and the good kind of grease. Love it! And the wings are delicious too
If you find yourself stranded in a casino (namely, Luxor) between the hours of 2-6 or 11-2, then go grab some $5 and half-off specialty cocktails here. The drinks are regularly $13.50, and the hummus plate was more than filling.
THIS PLACE IS CLOSED!\n\nAlso they ran a Groupon deal the DAY AFTER THEY WENT OUT OF BUSINESS!!!!!! Groupon will at least refund your money though.
Ya it is a chain, but it is new, and clean , and huge.. Pretty big store to be honest. Where else are you going to find all of your office needs in one store? Don't answer that smarty pants.. If you are in the area and need supplys Staples is pretty sweet..
Maybe the college crowd likes sub standard food because of the lack luster drinks but for $25 this lunch was comparable to the quality of Taco Bell! Not impressed at all :(
Fast, fresh, delicious...how can I not love it?
Everything was bad. Room was really dirty, carpet with stains, toilet, sink. Ugh!!! There was a really bad smell coming out of the A/C....seriously there was nothing good about this place. Never again!! Not worth my money.
love this place!  By far the best mani/pedi I've ever gotten in Charlotte.  100% recommend
Always super messy in the store and dressing rooms make me feel like I'm going to catch a disease. I think reflooring this store would drastically change the experience. Also more friendly employees. I've been to way nicer F21's.
Michelle and I are colleagues in the Fountain Hills real estate business.  Michelle is highly respected in the community and very supportive of local business.  I admire her expertise and professionalism!
Love their chicken burrito its the best there is prices are great and service is decent they get 5 stars if they were a little bit faster and a lil bit more polite
You can never go wrong when it comes to the quality of Capriotti's sandwiches.  Excellent customer service, food is prepared in a timely manner and it tastes great!
Pretty average sushi bar good food, great location. I'm a fan of this place.
Service was terrible.  Our waitress barely paid any attention to us. By the time it took us to get our appetizer, there was a table that had come and gone.  My friend had to get up and talk to a manager just to get some service.
Service suxs. We walked in at 5:15 to an empty restaurant and they rudely turned us away because we did not have a reservation. We saw another group that was seated get up and leave to.
Everything tastes like the same Chinese-made for American taste buds. The restaurant that was here prior had far better flavor. It was overpriced for what you get but I guess there's quite a bit variety thus my two star rating. Also the remodelled look with neon lightsnis just tacky.
This place just keeps getting worse every time I visit. From issues with the Drive Thru to issues with employees and managers not caring in store... this is by far the worst Wendy's in Las Vegas.
Best sushi in the southwest!
The food is authentic and fantastic!! All the entree's and apps I've had here have been superior quality. But I HIGHLY recommended the Chicken Shawarma dinner--it is AMAZINGGG!!!! Best I've ever had!
This is a great place to grab lunch! They have great soups and sandwich combos and its got a great vibe inside! Love it and will go back soon.
Nice and modern hotel in Vegas where you don't have to go through busy, noisy casino to get to your room!\n\nIt also comes with small kitchen which is good for a bit longer stay.
We had the Pulled Pork, Sweet Potato Fries, and Apple Cobbler Ala Mode. BBQ sauce was good. Service was great \n\nThis place is closed now:( I think the owner moved out of state
They were really friendly, knowledgeable and reasonable with prices. However,  last time I stopped in, they tried to sell me a timing belt, saying it was \"ready to break\". I declined and looked for myself and the belt is fine (just had it replaced about a year ago).
Yes I will go again and I will take company there!!   Wonderful experience all around!
The sea bass was excellent
This is most certainly NOT a Fry's Marketplace. Fry's Marketplaces sell all of the home goods, this one is definitely not one. I just walked in and all of the floors are ripped up, tres sanitary! Plus it's dingy and small. Blech!
No more Chernobyls. That was the only reason to come here. Red Square, you are dead to me!
Handy for buying cheap multipack bottles of water. \n\nBuy boxes of M&Ms here instead of at M&MS world as they are better value. \n\nThis place is a good combination of a corner shop and soy inert shop all in one. \n\nGood long opening hours.
Everyone out there do not order from this place it is horrible disgusting and spoiled food Go Go China is horrible horrible horrible and they will not even give my refund back and didn't even eat my food  they shouldn't even stand in business
I dig dive bars but this spot is nasty.  Lots of fans keep the stale, something's not right here, air blowing.  My drink tasted off.  Worst of all, false advertising, no bikinis in sight.  Bar tender was pleasant and drink prices were reasonable so they get 2 stars but that's pushing it.
Average mexican food. Nice atmosphere.. nice patio! The chefs seems to be salt savvy making the food a little too salty for my liking.. The steak quesadilla is SUPER good though!
Wife and  a friend went here a couple weeks ago and could not get served at the bar. Three bartenders were working and after waiting for fifteen minutes, waving them over didn't work even with money out. Some of them even were pointing and laughing. Finally left after 20 minutes and went somewhere else that actually wanted to serve us drinks.
Tailoring - good\nCustomer Service - unimpressed
Expensive but delicious gelato. I walked around the forum shops eating it. Some random  lady came up to me and thought it was a drink and asked where I got it. Only in Vegas when people thinks that gelato are drinks.
Pretty nice selection of micro-brews, if you're in to that kind of thing (which I'm not). Decent selection of food items, ranging from snacks to small meals. Friendly staff.
I have not been back to this location but appreciate that the district manager contacted me hear what happened
This place has a great selection of brew. Lots of unusual imports and microbrewz. The owner Phong is the shit as well, love that guy.
Great service, food and atmosphere! That was until someone walked up to the table and placed a brochure about fat weight loss on our table right in front of us. Not sure if they have this service at the hotel or what.
I love this place food is so yummy!!\nAlways eat here every time we're in Vegas :)
SO many great wine choices here...Love the atmosphere...Great place to catch a drink at Town Square.
Oof.  Amber's in ain't no joke, it's a dive if I've ever seen one.  I've been here twice and both times and it was a buzz kill.  The drinks are cheap and the service was okay but it was a boring place without any appeal.
Average. Just okay for me and nothing to write home about either.  THIRD time trying breakfast here too. Probably go elsewhere next time.
Fancy, and a little overpriced Vietnamese restaurant. I tried there pho and most of there main dishes. They taste good, but nothing special or amazing.
Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich was what I was after since I was in Montreal.  Recommendations from the hotel staff were Schwartz or Reuben's.  I chose Reuben's cause it was closer to the hotel.  Sandwich was delicious, nothing spectacular about it though.  All in all was happy with the meal, and the service was excellent.
Not a fav. They have good Oreo custard cement mixers and cheese curds and that's about it for me. Their burgers are supposedly amazing but then again, I'm not much of a burger person.
The best breakfast burrito around!
My daughter and I loved it, they were out of shrimp, so we had the chicken. Everything was fresh, grilled right in front of us, and the service was friendly. I will definitely eat here again, my boys like the food court and now there's something I can enjoy too.
All I can say is the southern wings with the gravy is absolutely amazing! Never had an issue here and I usually order pick up. My old roommate and her brother introduced me to this place.
Very much enjoyed it! Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.
I am in love with this pizza. I love the crust! I can't eat cheese or meat so I ordered a veggie pizza without the cheese and it was heavenly! I wish there was one closer to where I live.
This is the place to go when you have a salad craving.  I really like that you can personalize your salad to your liking.  I haven't been disappointed yet.
Love this place! Great pizza, wings and LOVE the garlic knots.\nThe owner and employees are fantastic and super sweet.
Great place. I take my car there for everything. Inexpensive, friendly, and knowledgeable. They've fixed my tire, taped a broken hose temporarily, and done other things for no charge several times. I'd definitely recommend them.
I drive from Scottsdale to Chandler about every two weeks to get my nails done here. I've tried many other salons in Scottsdale and none compare. It is clean, modern, and they always do a great job. They will not let you leave unsatisfied.
Awesome barbecue joint.  It's kinda pricey so go with an appetite.  I've been about 4 times and ate at the bar.  No complaints
This is a mediocre Mexican restaurant. I ate there with my family and service was slow even though he restaurant was empty. I strongly disagree with precious comments about the arroz con pollo it was boring un-inspired food I could go to many other places with better food for far less money. El torrito was by far superior
Yes, you cannot beat the review.  But $10 for two ginger ales?!?!?!?!  You have got to be kidding me.  Even for a club that is a little ridiculous.  I wouldn't have minded if the waitress disappeared until the check came when she hovered over us.
The worst watered down drinks ever. Bad food. Super expensive. Super lame service. Ugly people. Nice location.
I like this place. I've eaten lunch a few times here. My favorites is the shrimp on stone, its an appetizer but with the fresh bread with balsamic and oil, it's a very filling meal.\n\nI also liked the gnocchi and lamb chops.
Yeah, came here for a drink with a buddy and got total shit customer service from the bartender. Always disappointing when a spot so close to home has horrible service. I won't be returning and if you prefer a minimum of a smile with you over priced food and drinks go somewhere else besides St. Francis because you may not even get that much there.
Ghetto biker bar. Okay place to hang out if that's what you are looking for.  I don't like how the shower curtains they use for bathroom doors in the lady's room touch my knees when I sit on the toilet.  Gross.
Party room beastly hot.  Food very mediocre.  Waitress spilled hot meat juices from numerous plates on floor, table, and customers.  New York strip steak tasted boiled.
Poor location, house/garage converted into studio. No place to put your belongings while in class and shoes stay outside in the sun/rain.  Instructor just returned from classes and just babbled. Instructor would put her hands on you and push to get you to pull/stretch more, bad!
WHAT!! Worst meal I've ever had in Las Vegas. Bar none... I had the Chicago Style deep dish and it was all bread!!! There was no filling of toppings. What a joke. Only a jerk that wants to save money and get a quick bite would take his girlfriend here.
I'd just like to say as a born and bred New Zealander the only thing NZ about the place is the sign and some wine. I'd understand if this was listed under pacific fusion but after looking at the menu the name makes little sense apart from perhaps capitalizing off our image...
The service was excellent,  took great care in noting my food allergies, food delicious, and readonably priced.
Amazing food, excellent staff, and super cool atmosphere!
I live within 10 minutes walking time of this place and finally made it in there today with some friends after a brown bag @gangplank.\n\nI got the veggie pies as they were the only thing vegetarian,but they were delicious. its easy to miss this place but worth finding and trying.
I would rate it a 5 out of 10.  I had Mu Go Gai Pan.  Very little vegetable. Really only celery, which tasted pretty good.  The sauce was nothing special.  Could have been at any small town restaurant.  One step up from going to the buffet.
Joe's offers some extremely delicious items. Some of the ones I've tried include the Fontina Burger, jumbo shrimp, and Southwest Burger.\n\nI'm giving it four stars instead of five due to some so-so menu items and a preference for a different type of ordering and seating.
Food is excellent with a lot of good flavors & service is friendly. The bartender, Shannon, was so fun & made some excellent food recommendations. Their new Kale salad is amazing! For the price, you can't go wrong.
AMAZING! The view was beautiful, the service stellar and the food was delectable! I had the lobster thermador. It was absolutely cooked to perfection. It was scrumptious! I would definitely go there again if visiting the Rio hotel! YUM!
My new favorite place.. I have been waiting for a chili burger like in LA.  Must get the chili added to anything.   Shoestring fries are awesome... I prefer the original over the California burger. The bun is great.  Place is clean and customer service is excellent.  I will be back.
Service was good.\nFood was bland.\nDrinks were good.\nI'd go for drinks again and appetizers only.
Just got my entire shop done! Looks great & easy clean up. Hardly NO MAINTENANCE. 3200 sq ft. Done Awesomely! Designs and all. Very professional & worth the price.
Although they are known for their adorable cookies, I am not a huge fan. Whenever I have ordered from them, the service has not been great and my pastries are usually dry and not that tasty.
It's rather dingy, dark and smoky inside...but the Philly cheesesteak is the best we have ever had. Beats our Colorado favorite 'Taste of Philly' by a mile. I would suggest taking it to go unless you like the bar scene. However, service was awesome.
Good reasonably priced Indian food.  Loved the naan and the korma.  The service was good, but the atmosphere was a bit cold.
Decent Mexican food at the Luxor. Had the veggie tacos.  Enjoyed it but the tacos were small. Service was good.  Conveniently located.
Meh!! lovely view. tartar flavorless. Kobe? you sure? don't go before an appointment. waaaay to slow. 20 mins for charcuterie plate and tartar. not packed. no excuse. meh!!
Not a regular indian restaurant. Fusion. \nAmbience: 5/5.  \nChettinadu curry - good for 2 persons. \nNeed to try all items here.
I love this place! I come every time I am in from Seattle. I love the enchiladas with both green and red sauce. Truly fantastic and very authentic!
This is literally the slowest Starbucks drive thru I've been through.  Thank goodness I wasn't on my way to work when I stopped by, or I'd be 20 minutes late.
Ehhh my friends said the wings were good. I think they were OK at best. But I am picky. This was just another bar food type place. I would never crave this place but if someone wanted to go here I wouldn't object nor would I get excited lol
Live and learn. Live and learn. Average at best. Poor service, they pass off messiness and dirty as authentic. Sopapillas or however you spell it were delicious other than that it was bad service and below average flavors. Oh and did I mention messy and dirty? Thank god I was with good company when I ate there.
This might be the worst food I have ever eaten.\nAt least I didn't get sick.
I love the mocha frap... the chocolate they use is so superior to Starbucks and the coffee itself is much more flavorful.
Much cleaner and nicer location than 15th Ave & Bethany Home Rd. Employees are friendlier and more willing to help here it seems. Bigger store with slightly larger selection also.
This place is the definition of OK. Not great and not bad either. Good for a family, but not really a date place. If you want something hot, quick, low key and moderately tastey, then this is the place for you.
I've been here a couple times and have definitely found it to be a fun place to hang out and have a few drinks.
Great place to come as a stop for bar hopping.  Haven't had the food here but the drinks are good.  Music isn't bad either.  When I cam here on a Friday night, there was hip hop playing.
They fix my iphone screen in less than 20 min for 50 dollars, it works great now!\n\nWith 30 days warranty, what else!
Fresh amazing and fabulous food!!!
Beers on tap 5.75-6.25 and bottled beer specials (3.50)\n\nSmall venue, maybe 200 max, so great for intimate shows.\n\nWashrooms are in an odd spot, left and behind stage.\n\nI'll be back for more shows.
Hands down... I love this place. They  have everything! Lots and lots of variety from imported goodness to the freshest produce. A chef's dream? yes, I believe so. \nI can always find what I need here.
I love the field of green salad...\n\nservice not so much the bar lags on EVERY drink!!!\n\nother than that its a good place to go if your in fountain hills...
I called Fast Fix this morning to get a quote for replacing the screen on my cell phone.  I was quoted $500 - almost as much as buying a brand new phone.  I called another shop and was quoted $130 for the exact same repair.  The reviews are accurate - stay away!
Always  disappointed.  However,  my husband loves this  place bc of  the  bottomless  fries.  Waitstaff has to  be reminded to  get  refills.  My order is always wrong.  Food is a hit  or miss.  Hostess is always super nice.
Linda would groom both my dogs. I enjoyed her service but unfortunately left that place because she no longer works there and the two lady's that took over are horrible groomers and the prices went up.
This is the best sushi in Las Vegas and the chefs here are fantastically generous.  Surprising to some, some places in Las Vegas do have closing times.  We showed up 15 minutes before closing time but the chefs generously invited us in, and we had deliciously fresh sushi to our hearts' content.
Folks nice but sigh no chocolate production on Sundays. Wish we knew as might have planned to visit anoyher time. The cactus garden was pleasant and if open at night it would be quite a site.
Kind of trendy but don't go there hungry bc the food portions are minuscule at best.
Tried scheduling a dinner for a group of people. James the manager said he had another call coming in an hung up on me. With this kind of service I will not bring my group!
Cheaper then most rental places but totally not worth using.  My flight left departed at 7:50 am. The service representative stated that the facility opened at 5:00 am. No one arrived until 5:45 am.  I do not recommend due to the inconvenience and poor customer service.
This place is simply delicious! The very first thing on the menu is my fave (can't remember the name of it right now but it's #1.) I also love the squid and garlic wrapped in foil, and the mackerel is great. The pineapple and lychee soju is amazing as well.
The new UltraStar in Maricopa City is AMAZING.\nLove it there. \nGreat for having events there.\nGood food too and great prices.
LOTS of food. Eat outside, it's better that way. I loved the Mexican corn. The sangria was pretty good. The pink tacos were yummy. Don't order as much as you think you need.
Good Bahn Mi. Not great, but good.
Great no nonsense, old fashioned chicken dinner like you mother would have made!  Great chicken soup and the coleslaw was excellent.  \n\nNice to find a family friendly restaurant in this area that won't break the bank.\n\nSeat yourself and get ready to chow down
It was amazing!!
Great coffee & great service.
So disappointed.  Didn't know menu is different on weekdays - was so looking forward to eat crab legs.  The buffet choices use to be better - so few things available.   Dessert items are still delicious.
Love their burgers. Costs a little more than a regular burger somewhere else, but you definitely get what you pay for. You build you're own burger which is great and there's tons of sides options.
Very generous on toppings always very friendly the thin crust is amazing and easy to follow instructions to make a great pizza
Just a okay buffet close on time you have to grab something to eat if you arrive late.
Fave fuel station for post or pre workouts...or to grab a healthy bite. Tofu fries, wellness drink, green shake and raw macho nacho are my faves. Vegan and vegetarian friendly. Free wifi too.
Everything is salty and the portions are HUGE along with the price. Always consistent but I feel like I always have eaten poorly .
Came here twice, and the food was just okay. I've had better in Vegas, this would not be the buffet choice of place for me in Vegas.
Great food. I'm from Boston and this place stacks up with Gyros from the north. Nice people, the place is clean, and open kitchen.
Ambre, Double Porter, Blonde Belge, and La P\u00e8ette were all excellent. Our bartender also made us feel welcome despite our inability to speak French!
Food was really mediocre, I felt like I was eating at Ihops or Denny's but paying a higher price.  The only reason we came here was the $10/pp coupon from purchasing the Vegas pass.  \n\nWon't recommend this place to anyone because there's plenty of good eats in Vegas
Walk past three people, none if which were helping other customers, and not one of them greeted me or asked if I needed assistance. Not the normal service I'm used to getting at an Ace Hardware. Cashier was friendly but there was a lot of cross talk with another employee instead of waiting until my 2 minute transaction completed. :(
Amazing burgers and sides. Order the jalape\u00f1o poppers and you get a spicy surprise with one of them. Truffle fries are amazing not greasy at all. And the burgers....well you will mop the grease off your plate with your fries.
The Redskins was hosting its prep rally, restaurant maxed out. Went to another bar and had a great time
Late night great food as always.  Very clean, and staff was awesome.
Food was great. Only 3 stars because you stare at gross people at the pool (you might lose you appetite) or people shuffling through the middle of the restaurant. It's loud and hard to enjoy your meal. 4 stars for the service we received.
Comfort food at normal off airport prices.  Leanne took good cate of us and kept our drinks filled. The food came fast and tasted good although the portion size seemed a little smaller than off airport. Overall good food at a good value.
We went there because we were somehow under the impression that this was the best steakhouse in Vegas. Not. I found the staff to be very full of themselves. The steak was fine but hardly the best I'd ever had. Prices were pretty high too. Not on my list of place s to go back to.
Fire! You are telling me I can put steak on a pizza? Yes please. They have a great concept of building your pie from the sauce up. No extra cost for added toppings makes it a no brainer.
The burgers were ok.  But the place is so crowded it is too much.  I liked the fries!  I rather go to Smashburger!!!
The fish seemed fresh but the rice was undercooked or at the very least overly toothy. That's got to be a cardinal sin of some sort. Service was friendly, however and the atmosphere cozy.
We only came here to grab a pair of shades at the Oakley store.  It is basically a million degrees and you run from store to store to get onto the ac.  I feel super bad for the people working the kiosks outside.  HOT!
Awesome place, great knowledgeable & friendly staff!!! Liked this place so much that I applied for a part time job there!
We stopped in for a snack and to warm up on a rainy November day in early afternoon and had a very pleasant experience sitting in the small lounge bar area. Only a few other people were there, the hot, mulled wine hit the spot and the other snacks were tasty.
Very impressive staff. Owner is wonderful! Remembers me and when he sees me he gets my clothes right away. Great service!!
Newks is almost a four. There Newks q sandwich is great along with there flatbread pizzas. Not always consistent though. Ps try there PBS crisp bar
This store needs a complete overhaul. I rarely go to this location, and every time I do I'm sorry that I went. The first thing they need to start with is the parking lot and the fact that they allow 10-20 vagrants roaming around the parking lot harassing everyone for money.
Food was pretty good. A group of us went. The service was friendly and quick. We had two plates and it was enough food to feed four of us.
I have been here multiple times and finaly said enough was enough. Great selction of  beer. No food, average service and the band plays from a balcony. The male bartenders have no personality- unless your a woman under the age of 25.\n Lots of places in Charlotte with good beer selections and a lot better atmosphere.
This buffet wasn't the best but it was good. Some of the food was really hit or miss. I tried a couple bites of everything but the sushi. The long lines and food tastes really make me pause to think about returning here again.
Clean, fun and great place to go. HOB Foundation Room is always fun and right next to the elevators which make going to the club/lounge really easy.. This place is always on my list to go to and overall I think a great value for what you get!
I'm an out of state owner of some property and had some horrible experiences with Scott (owner).    Very slow to reply to updates/quotes...that's when they decide to even reply.\n\nI would save the headaches and find another vendor who provides better service
Food is very good. Atmosphere is well planned. But our waiter was snotty and not friendly at all. Barely spoke as he took our orders, just nodded.
My husband and I met friends here for dinner for the first time.  I had the Napa Salad and my husband tried the margarita flatbread, both were delicious.  The service was  attentive and knowledgeable.  Great place for date night.  We were very pleased with the dining experience and would return if the opportunity presented itself.
Been to all 3 places multiple times. Rice always mushy. Mac salad no taste. Pancakes awesome!
Great find!!! Little place that you could easily pass and not see it. Don't miss this place though cause really great food.
Saw Linkin Park here last night and it was a great show. AFI and 30 Seconds to Mars were amazing as well. It was a great night with great energy, the atmosphere was amazing. Definitely looking forward to returning for more concerts.
OK but not fantastic food-at least in my opinion.  It is basic, quick, non americanized faire.  I would like to see the salsas perked up a bit but doubt that will happen as they havent been changed in years and years.
I don't know what's up with all the bad reviews here. I have nothing to complain about and the food here is as good as at other Paneras.
Great seats. Love that you can prepay. No lines. \nWine thing at the candy register is not well thought out and the menu is not real tasty. \nI get the standard seats because I no longer see the value in the premiums.
Very disappointing. This place does not live up to the hype. Very expensive for mediocre at best. Do yourself a favor and cook breakfast at home.
Typical college restaurant. Food was mediocre for me but a good choice for college kids.  Had the pizza and the artichoke dip.  It was recommended at not that good.
There are plenty of fun shops and bars along the Linq's corridor leading to the High Roller. There is not too much to say about the Linq, but it's worth checking out if you are visiting Vegas.
bought 2 pairs of gorgeous louboutins here!\n\nthe staff was super helpful and not snobby at all.\n\nit's a smaller boutique here at the palazzo than caesars but also more intimate and helpful service!\n\nhope to return soon!
The salmon was amazing.  And I  now have a new favorite ice cream...pink grapefruit!  \n\nLoved it!  Good service too.
Just had the Sprouted Quinoa-Kamut Veggie Burger and it was awesome!\nCan't wait to eat here again!
This place is awesome!  5 stars!\nThey are professional, low priced, clean, & open suuuper late. \nTreat yourself!!!
Had my kitchen and bathroom fixture replaced.  Called them (Glens) and they were here the next morning. Great job. Had work done in the past and have always been very satisfied.. in fact I just called and Glen will be here later to install dimmer switch.\nThank you..
My first kinky twist. I loved it, received many compliments. I tried another person and my husband said go back to the original ladies.  You will not be disappointed.  Ask for Sara.
Its nice to have firefly on my side of town.  As I stated on my last review I wish they updated the menu making it exciting to see a few new options every once in a while.
After a year in Portland, Oregon we have found a single spot for decent BBQ, and it was much more expensive than Joe's for much less food. We will struggle on here in the Rose City (loving the city just not the lack of good BBQ) as we continue to pine away for Joe's...
The  crepes are made there fresh when you order with fruit toppings.  These are some of the best crepes I have tasted. Their cappuccinos have the perfect taste and everything was absolutely delicious.   The staff is very nice and always make you feel welcoming. My favorite coffee place.
Great place to go if you want to wait for over an hour for a small pizza. We asked our waitress if they had forgotten about us -- we got no answer -- 25 mins later our pizza comes without any sort of apology. Not even a smile or a thank you. Will not be returning.
Been coming to Four Peaks now for a few years and I have always had excellent service, Awesome food, and the beer is about some of the best microbrew in the state! definitely give the Hop Knot a try!
Food was good, service was great and quick.
They have good food but their service is super  sloooooooowwwwwww!!!!! :( \nBe prepared to be starved!!!!
Can't remember how many times I came with my friends. Very good quality of food, fresh, and authentic. Wish the price could be lower..,
I can only speak for the delivery - but the food is really fresh. I ordered the general's chicken and fried cream cheese wontons. A lot of Chinese restaurant food tastes like they use old grease. Not this place! Very fresh ingredients and the crab Rangoon was so light and yummy!
horrible!!! Really wasn't expecting what I got. And to top it all off i got a moldy bread!!! I talked to the manager and they didn't even paid for the meal!! they still charged me for everything! really really lousy place.
Decided to give it a shot seeing as it is close to campus. Bad idea. Grease, grease, and more grease. I couldn't even stomach taking more than a couple bites. Upside: the guacamole and chips are pretty good. I'd take a pass on this location at least.
Waited an hour and a half for some of the worst rolls and steak teriyaki I have ever had.
Went for lunch with a group of 10 people. There was a Christmas party of equal size that just got seated. The wait staff and kitchen staff handled it and made it seem like they were not even breaking a sweat. The restaurant was full not n empty seat in the house. Service was fast and food was fantastic! My compliments to the staff!
This place has great food.  the owners are super friendly and cook everything to order.  This is the best place to eat within a mile.
I checked it out last night, not usually a huge fan of old town. There was a reggae showing taking place, which was nice. \n\nDidn't try any food but they had some impressive drink specials taking place all night. Attractive, friendly staff...
Great spot for a casual drink in old town. Love the patio and the big round bar. \nMost bartenders pour weak drinks but overall great spot!
Attended a very large gathering upstairs. All of the food was very good and the service was constant and attentive.
The Gyoza was great.  It was both steamed and fried which makes for a tasty combination.  The sushi, however, was a different story.  Too salty and the smoked salmon is not wise choice for sushi.  Next time I go there I am going to try the Udon.
This place is located in the heart of the capital city next to the Hilton hotel. \n\nThey have a somewhat limited selection, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. The sides are sold separate of the entree as is the case in most Chophouse's.
I had the steak and chicken enchiladas and they were delicious. Our waitress was very friendly, different Mexican good but very good. I will be back to try more of their delicious food. Also, the prices are very affordable.
I had so high expectations of this place that I left pretty sad.\n\nNothing to remember. Lame fries, lame burger and uber messy.\n\nAnd this location in particular has no parking (besides meters) and no bathroom. Fail.
Unbelievable......waited an hr for the bus from the terminal. Then....pick a number at the rental center.....another hr wait.....
Good place for good food. But not so good if you are on diet. And you will have to wait long during peak hour.
I do not like food here.  At all.\nGross beyond gross.\nLike high school cafeteria pizza.\n\nSince I also don't like bowling, I will not return.
Of all the clubs I've been to- this was the lack lustre one...Didnt care for the overly magnanimous fog machine, the all day partiers and well just didnt like the whole vibe...probably a transformation is in place?
It would be nice to have at least one drink comped with your $20 like everywhere else...
Yep. Screwed up my order, too. Ordered and paid for a triple and got a double. I think they count on you being in a hurry so you don't complain. Avoid this place.
I've been using this place for the last 4 years and have found it consistently good for takeaway.\n\nProbably not the best Chinese I've had but none the less very good.  Delivery is very quick - usually within 20 mins.
Love their food, definitely hits the spot!!! I recommend the whiskey penne pasta or killer Mac 'n cheese -- and for dessert, the Kahlua ice cream mud pie.
No Stars wasn't available, Come here if you want to be treated like you are doing them a favor by buying their overpriced sandwiches.\n\nI guess they serve \"Philly Style\" customer service also.
New deep dish pizza was alright, only in size medium, and can certainly give Pizza Hut a run for the money.  This location has an enormous seating area, friendly staff, and plenty of parking.  Nice location SE corner of Pima & Pinnacle Peak.
Great customer service and really good healthy food.  Me and my family ate here after a stop at the science center, we walked a few blocks and relaxed and it was a great atmosphere.  My daughter is 3 and she loved the 9 grain grilled cheese.  We will definitely be back
Food is phenomenal. Horchata is the best in town. Love the cozy atmosphere but on a busy night it can be a little too intimate with strangers squeezing and bumping through to tables. Choose a weeknight late or early dinner to avoid.
I love this place but beware if you have food allergies. Staff not trained on checking with chef on ingredients and can be deadly. I am still rooting for their success..great concept but needs help!
Nice location and kind cashes.  But, horrible services from backside of employees in the store. They were texting when customers asked something.  What a rude attitude!  Even they did not watching customers,  only watched their phones.
Very friendly staff. Girl kept me laughing though she tried to sell me everything in the store (except Criss of course. Disappointing. Lol.) Will be returning when I go back to Vegas.
Best breakfast on a Sunday!
Lack of professionalism.  Employees do not treat customers nicely. Very disappointed.
Gross! I decided to try the hotel restaurant this time. It took like 40 minutes to get my food and the pasta sauce tasted like it was canned. I could have microwaved better food in my room.
Not worth the time. Most of the dispensers were empty. Giving sample of fudge that were so small you had a hard time finding it. When I commented. To the lady she said they didn't want to use to much.\nThis is an M&M  world want to be but does not measure up.
If you like steak and mushrooms THiS is the place !!
The best Mexican food and margaritas in Vegas...Going there tonight and cant wait to have my favorite on the menu... beef fajitas!!\nAmazing servers and service brings it all home.
I have been here once. They are very expensive for what  you get. A waffle with a few strawberries and a dab of whip cream for 7 bucks. Not even any puree. It's an expensive dive. Why they get great reviews is beyond me or they are family friends of the owner. I will not be back.
An hour long wait on a Saturday night for sub par food. They're obviously understaffed. But apparently steak and eggs are good. I don't know, I had the dry chicken and portobello mushrooms.
I have never experienced a more thorough, intense workout in my whole life! Pure barre is changing my arms, thighs and butt. Go now! \n\n\nEach instructor is kind, enthusiastic and more than helpful. Love Pure Barre Scottsdale!!!!
Food was good but the pork was a little dry on the Del Ray. I would like to try something else next time.
Thier food is amazing. I have been to this place twice and so far I have tasted Thelma's special, squid, pancit, ltapsilog, umpia, turon snd longanisa musubi. Everythig tasted good and fresh.
Great go to place for a beer garden in the summer but take my advice, the minute the sun goes get the hell out of there and go somewhere cleaner, nicer and where the bar staff actually welcome your custom!!!
Dale, one of the managers was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
If you want a great deal, and BEST authentic Mexican food Laurita's is where you need to eat. It is quick, it is good, it is worth more than they charge.
Ryan was awesome, great personality and really quick! He did an awesome job I'm just sad we don't live here so we can come back!! Thanks again
Watching the premier of X-Men.  We are seating 4th row from the front ( not bad,  its not overwhelmingly close to the screen)  House wine was good.\n\nCenter Channel Audio goes out during an important part of the dialog.  No one notices in the booth until a patron left the theatre to notify management.
This place was great. Small, great music and the food was wonderful! Easy to tell they use fresh ingredients. Wait time for food was a little long but definitely worth it.
Ann did a great job, so happy I stopped in, i been trying for months, to do my nails like I like, not straight thin nail! Finally found my new nail place!
Great stop for tasty mexi food reasonably priced and lively atmosphere . We like the casual atmosphere . I think the sports bar is fun to hang out and watch all the happening
Friendly service and a good place for a burger, thumbs up!
Everyone farts at this gym and the machines are old. My gym shoes also get filthy here. Please upgrade this gym.
I love Dr. Price! Her office staff is horrible, especially the girls that answer the phones. In search of a new dermatologist now.
Sit at the bar. Enjoy your tasty breakfast almost immediately. There is almost never a wait. The food is tasty to.
Even though it is a chain and always expect less, I am always pleasantly surprised when I go here.  Food and service is always quite good.  The last time I went, the manager ran out the door because I left my Iphone.  Can't go wrong with this place.
This place is great clean beds and all different kinds!
The food is decent but not worth the rude staff (at the door) and a 60 minute wait. I have certainly had worse breakfasts - but I have had better too.\n\nWould I come back - sure (the food is worth it) but, once they get a bigger than 50 seat dining room and a better attitude.
Bunny Rancheros with chorizo!!! Delicious! The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is the servers are not consistent
I'm glad that I tried again they said sorry about what happened I got my services the massage therapist and the nail tech was amazing, super friendly, they made me feel welcome
A quiet oasis from the hustle of Las Vegas. We stopped in for a quick breakfast pastry and coffee on our last morning in town. Croissants are flaky and buttery. Danish had just enough filling inside a light pastry. Muffins were moist and flavorful. Cafe au lait was very good.
Service was great! Food was delicious. We ad the Ronin burgers and oxtail chili cheese fries. I had the Miyagi burger its  delicious and has this dressing on it.
Loved the chicken quesadilla- it was perfect!
Not too bad... good subs, kinda small though. 5 inches?  A+ Meatball sub tho, well done!
if only every thai place was this good. huge portions for take-out, amazing rolls, wonderful stir-fries and curries. plus we placed a huge take-out order and it came completely accurate, with each dish labeled. a rare treat.
nice service and sandwiches are outstanding. great
Good Reuben's and Shepherd's Pie.  Lots of tvs to catch a sports game.
Looks suspect however had good reviews so we are checking it out... Food was subpar there is a reason why the food is cheap....
Great food!  \n\nBut BIGGEST pet peeve ever: When the server brings your change when you pay your bill, but they short you the coins. \n\nNot the first time they've done this.
I was hoping that this would be a great place near to my home for Mongolian BBQ, but unfortunately it didn't quite hit the mark.  There are much better options in the valley
The service was very friendly, fast service the place wasn't too packed as I stopped by around 11am. The pupusas were somewhat thin and lacking cheese opposed to others I've eaten.
Their all you can eat sushi is the best.  Great local sushi.  Great service.  Great price!
This place has some of the best thai curry dishes in Vegas. Great prices, good portions, very friendly service, and amazing taste. Most importantly, a \"#10\" spicy is actually very spicy, unlike many other places in town!
They have a lovely atmosphere, reasonable prices, and sweet workers.  However, they did use some weird base underneath my light nail polish that left them yellowish-orange.  Kind of unhappy about that.
Zero stars if I could,  dress code is not followed I called three times to see If guys can wear chucks they said no dress shoes only! The line for the guys was horrible the bouncers will RIP YOU OFF and try to squeeze you dry!! Wasn't worth it to me.
Love this club. Awesome, supportive staff and trainers, up-to-date equipment, lots of equipment options, beautiful decor, and there's hardly ever a broken machine. It's clean and I love working out there. And if you're looking for a great trainer- Mandy White is friggin amazing!
Beautiful beautiful BEAUTIFUL.\n\nIf you are in Vegas, this is a MUST if you're a Cirque fan, which I am.\n\nGo.  It's totally worth it.
After reading the reviews about how great the cheese steak sandwich is we decided to try Defalco's and absolutely loved it! We have tried several places in Phoenix and have not found one we have liked until now! We will definitely be back.
We had a great time eating at The Tavern! The wine selection is what we have all come to expect for Tarbell - excellent. The food is excellent as well. We would highly recommend the tomato and goat cheese salad. The staff and crew were all fun, energetic and knowledgable. This place is highly recommended.
Horrible service. Sat down with a group of 5 took them 15 minutes to even attend to us. No bread, no drinks, no customers. Spoke to the manager and he just laughed. Terrible
Pretty darn great!! Al pastor tacos...awesome! And the street corn was perfect. I'm looking forward to trying more kinds of tacos. The salsa bar is great but the topping on the tacos is legit. No need for any extras
A friendly local hangout. Great coffee, tea, and treats! I love this small, friendly neighborhood business.
Tanya got me out of bed and living my life again.  She has been treating my fibromyalgia and degenerative disc disease for the past four years and has kept me active and working when no one else could.  She is a knowledgable and compassionate healer and a truly nice person.
I absolutely love this place! Service has been nothing but wonderful. I love the variety. I'm from Orange County and I still haven't found a place comparable to this ayce sushi place.
Friendly staff with a good selection of healthy dog food for our Belgian Mal. Definitely recommend checking it out for a healthy alternative to the mainstream dog foods that are laden with grain and garbage ingredients.
Really nice food and great service. Cool environment and not that pricey at all.
I use this location frequently because of its location being the closest to my work.  The traffic to get in and out is consistently bad.  The set-up of the drive through is an accident waiting to happen.  This location seems to have more inconsistent quality in their drinks than others I have been to.
The food is crap...but it's sooooo cheap!  So cheap, I can't afford NOT to eat here!
One thing to say about this place: spicy cheese bread. \nIt's delicious, and I could probably eat half a loaf by myself. \nThe lunch sandwiches and soups are hearty and well-made. A great lunch spot for the area.
The prices were reasonable. They have a wide variety of food. The seats are comfortable and the movie quality was great.
Surprise! This place just closed its doors for good. Shocking.
5 stars when comparing to other fast food restaurants.  Nice staff and yummy, quick food.  Tolerant of kids.  Never see more than 2 kids in here at once, so non-breeders won't be put-out.
Great place to go with Friends or Date Night. Everything is served tapas style. I would recommended ordering a couple of items and splitting it between your party so that you can try a little of everything. It's is a bit expensive but the food is defiantly worth it!
This place had such poor service I waited over 15 min for someone to come n I'm guessing she was coming from break her name mijerna it seem she alone took care of everyone while the other waitress were walking around like if no one needed food they should learn from her
This is my favorite restaurant in Old Town. The food is great, the prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is great. Very chill vibe. I eat there at least once a month and the staff is always friendly. I love to take family and friends there. Everyone I have brought with me loves it.
Good burgers. Excellent Malta. Fast friendly service
The burger was amazing. The fries are good with the seasoning salt, but otherwise not my cup of tea. Service is fair. Price is pretty cheap.
Delicious and apparently the last quiet restaurant on earth. Love being able to hear my dinner guests! Food is fresh and there are plenty of choices.
Got my 10 day free pass! Very cool.
Great atmosphere, drinks, and food.  Can't ask for much more...
Good food. Good service and fast.
There is almost always a huge line for this place.\n\nI guess its better than Popeyes but I wish they had salads so I could pretend to be healthy.
Cute little Japanese/Thai hybrid place with very reasonable prices and ample choices. Tofu salad was a favorite. I'd like to come back and try the sushi.
I came to Da Lat and food was great and so was service waitress was very attentive loved the charbroiled ribs i got, comes in 2nd to pho Ha in Pomona, Ca., but when ur in Vegas its a MUST!!!!!!! Will be coming back on my next visit.
Butter burger!! The fries are the only thing holding this place back. Onion rings are the way to go. I don't venture out on the whole menu.
Great service and great food. So far I have had the Panang Curry and Green Curry. Very fresh vegetables and the staff was above Par! Great Job!
It was pretty hard to find just have to ask around haha\nLine was pretty long but it moved reasonable fast\nOnly disappointment was no ranch:/ ha
A must eat place in vegas, this is old vegas, great italian, but you can eat a steak or stone crabs if you want.  Must get the osso bucco and the creamed corn.  If you are on a date get a booth
Went in at 4:30. It was not busy at all but we waited 30 minutes for our drinks. The appetizers were out before the drinks. No reason for it.  The food was decent. Humus plate was good but shrimp cocktail was over cooked.  Would not return.
First of all, this hotel needs a refurbishment. The halls and rooms are severely dated      and not really what I would expect from a Sheraton. It looks like they get pretty good business so why not renovate? I honestly won't come back until they make changes.
Mesa delivered beyond my expectations. Everything was very flavorful and did not disappoint. The ribeye, jalapeno cornbread, all delicious. Good for large groups too. We came during restaurant week so they had a really good 3-course prix fixe deal for ~$56.
Excited to see a boba place in Phoenix,  however, the service was slow and they ran out of boba. Hopefully things come together for them.
Awesome place! Will definitely be back! The people were great! The atmosphere was Amazing! LOVED IT!
I took my CCW class here and the instructor was very knowledgeable.  No complaints here and he made me a more accurate shooter.  What more could you ask for?
A must for anyone visiting scottsdale\none of a kind decor, kinda like hanging out in your friends basement drinking beers in high school, although i don't think they still have atari\ngood looking wait staff\ngood patio\ngreat drink specials\nserve food late
I've been here a few times and have only ever had the smoked meat sandwich, so I can't comment on any of the other food options there. Based on that, I would highly recommend this place: excellent sized portions for the money and much better smoked meat than I've had at other places in the area.
Nice curb appeal. Inside is nice with lots of seating. Menu is very easy to read. Lots of good healthy choices. The teriyaki sauce is supper yummy. I will return..
Food was excellent. Had the potstickers and sushi sampler. Karen was our server. However was dissapointed waiting 35 mins for our check after table was cleared and dessert was already refused. Plus, excessive chit chat while waiting for our bill while still in plain sight is very unprofessional.
Everything here is cheap, and comes in bulk which is great. We love to just go and browse around, we always seem to find some great not so pricey treasures to take home. Great book selection and clothing.
I was going to write a lengthy detailed description but decided it is not worth my time. My wife and I have given this particular Outback 3 more chances in the last 7 months. NEVER AGAIN!
First time here. The cashier offers me samples of the green Chile pork. WOW,that meat makes a mean burrito. I will be back!
Ordered brisket beef sandwich - inedible, stringy and fatty. BLT salad small for $7 and very average. Would not return
A classic. Celebrated my dad's 70th birthday here in grand style. A perfect selection for the traditional premiere steakhouses. Great lobster and wine too.
My grandchildren love going here. We enjoy the water park, the Dino trail and the large area to run and play.
Tasty burgers and a great happy hour. Where else can you go for dollar drinks on the strip? Go see Daizee, she knows how to move fast while providing some tasty beverages of the alcoholic persuasion! Make sure to get there early, it can get pretty busy being such a popular place :)
We stopped by to have a late night bite to eat.  We ordered a basic burger which was quite tasty.  I loved that they had grass fed beef and organic offerings.  Coming from Seattle, we're kinda food snobs when it comes to those things.  Its a little pricey but worth it.
Decent Thai food, but not remarkable. Would probably come here again, but I definitely prefer the Spice Island Tea House in Oakland.
It's a Starbucks with pretty quick service. You'd have thought that with an end unit they would have a drive thru. That would give this place another star.
Amazing chicken and waffles.  The bloody mary was alright, nothing special.  But at night after the clubs in vegas, great way to sober up.
I have come to this location four separate times to set up an account. After being sent away for not having made an appointment the second time I should have learned my lesson but I was told most days I wouldn't need one. It's next door to my work but the convenience just isn't worth the attitude of the tellers.
I just stopped by and the premises were sealed by an eviction order dated 15 June---but then next to it was an order to stay the eviction dated 21 June.  The door was still chained.
What happened to their amazing smoothie menu?  It was very limited today. Yuck...and the smell when you walked...was like burning rubber.  :-(
This was ok. Went for lunch on Saturday. The Mac and cheese was great.  Not sure if I would go back again at least not for lunch. I might come check out the place at night.
I'm visiting this box from out of the area. I felt very welcome from the moment I walked in. The owner Chris was very helpful and nice. I definitely recommend and will be going back when I'm in the area.
Worth a try\n\nThought I didn't absolutely love it, tastes vary and - like most Mexican restaurants - Asi Es My Tierra is worth a try. Their food is good and prices are reasonable. The service was excellent.
I come here twice a month for happy hour, good atmosphere and music.  With half off selected food and drinks!
Love the food but not at 90 degrees. I sweated the whole time and was ignored when I asked if they could make it cooler. Sorry, Not coming back.
Ok it's a dive bar. Fine but the drinks are cheap and the locals are cool with visitors. There are some nice women that stop in during the weekends and a few are even friendly!! Wow! \n\nUse the local currency..no credit cards.
I worked in PH, and used to get this for lunch all the time.  The bread is amazing
High quality shoe boot and bag repair at a reasonable price.. They also offer many different products to use on leather, canvas, etc.. Very quick service. I will definitely be back when I'm needing to have an shoes or a purse  repaired.
Good prices. Great services. Color stays for a few weeks.
Went to a meeting only!\n\nSeems real old school, average meeting rooms, internet was way to expensive $20 for 2 hours and not included in the meeting room rental\n\nThe room served our needs from a meeting perspective, not sure I'd go back that's just me!
Everytime I eat at this location I end up with a sick stomach.  I don't have that problem at other Arby's.  The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but I always get a sick stomach.  Maybe they should relook at their food prep.
Good Mediterranean food.  Decent prices.  Nice Medierranean grocery store connected to it and a Hookah lounge also connected to it.  Waits can be long sometime for a table.
Elevator system is a nightmare.\n\nTheir payment system also sucks really bad and managed to take my deposit on top of the full cost of the 2 night stay. It takes accounting nearly 3 days to correct this mistake (still waiting after 1).\n\nI would never book a room at this hotel again.
I think they were working out the kinks in the system when we were there.  The food didn't come out together, in fact we had to wait for several dishes.  The lo mein was actually a ramen, which wasn't what we were expecting.  Friendly wait staff.
Meal was tasty and service was blazing fast. Portions were reasonable for the price. restroom was clean.
I am a fan of this place.  I hope it can survive in Surprise.  It is tucked away in the corner and will need some serious advertising and a good customer base to keep it going.  \n\nI enjoyed dinner here and plan on visiting again in the future. Check it out when you can.
I've always had good experiences here. Everyone seems very competent and professional.
Crazy little gem hole-in-the-wall. Excellent food and quick service. Its not spot on authentic but its good, cheap, and perfect for lunch.
Great patio spot!!! Lots of menu options!
I can only speak of the location at the M casino.\n\nPortions are too big, prices too high and the food is not great.\n\nStay away from the meatloaf... horrible.
The food is good when it's served warm. The service is consistently slow and at times awful. If there were more options In the area, I would never go here.
Overrated and over priced for what you get Good service but the veggie burger I had was mush and salty.   Zinburger far better.
By far my favorite brunch spot in Vegas.  DW understands what it takes to run a successful business!  Exceptional service, the food has always been amazing and you can't go wrong with bottomless mimosas!  Whenever I have friends or family in town, I'm sure to take them here as it never disappoints.
Five stars for selection and location- NOT for service. Camping World carries about the best selection of high end Class A motor coaches I've seen in the southwest. Go for the selection, then purchase it elsewhere.
This is just a review for the deep fried oysters, $15.  Small oysters inside lots of very oily breading.  A little shredded lettuce and tea and rice and salt and that's it.  I think I ordered the wrong thing.
I love the Red Velvet cake from Nothing Bundt Cakes.  I'm hoping to have it again for my birthday.  They are a bit pricey but soooo sweet and yummy.  They also do a great job with presentation.  I just wish they were located in central phx.
Really great place! I love the small class sizes - all 5 people in the class were at different levels and we all got personal attention.
Over priced for portion size. Good luck actually tasting the guacamole in their food.  Also look out for cold food, half way through my carne asada burro was cold. I will say that they did replace it.  Otherwise the taste of the food is great.
If you are in the mood for breakfast then look no further.  This place is very similar to Denny's but 10 times better with a lot more options.  The portions are large so if you are really hungry then this is the place for you.  Both of my kids loved it and if we are back in the area we will definitely eat here.
Cleanliness was below par, food was mediocre, but the service was fine. Will not be dining at a Jose Cuervo Restaurant again.
My vet gave me pills for my cat to take, and said mixing them with food probably wouldn't work, that I would have to force them down his throat.  Mad Cat staff helped me find products that would hide the pill and get my cat to eat them on his own.  Saved me and my cat a huge amount of stress!
Great Service! \nClean and Modern Shop!\nJessica is the best!
I am totally a fan of Yardhouse! My boyfriend and I visit pretty often.... they have a GREAT beer selection! Good food! And plenty of tv's to enjoy sports!
Good was great and so are the prices. Not sure why people are rating it so low. It's a mom and pop place that cooks fresh food. All in all I hope this places doesn't  close down. It's a new favorite
Since we stayed in Treasure Island, we had our 1st night dinner here.  Kinda reminded me of the Rainforest Restaurant.  we ordered some Hawaiian food (sliders, sashimi tuna) and it was pretty good.
Excellent food and very friendly service. Had a prime rib sandwhich that was very tasty and was a large portion. Fun atmosphere as well. I'll be in again... Soon!
Everyone there is awesome! There's no better place to go from weight loss, hormones, medical and anti aging. Dr. Goldsmith is even board certified in all. I've searched for another clinic like this when they moved and believe me, there is NONE. Worth the drive.
Gorgeous and amazing! You have got to visit this place! Surrender nightclub is undeniably my favorite on the strip! I'm certainly not a clubber, but this place is beautiful and so much fun!
Great coffee and free wi-fi make this little coffeehouse downtown a good base from which to explore downtown Madison.  Big comfortable chairs welcomed this weary out-of-towner.
Decent, over priced. Service constant but hurried. Not sure what part of Mexico these people are from , but food needed some tweeks.
Not your typical hard sale dealership.  Instead, friendly and knowledgable staff.  I bought a 2013 Outback in November.  Keenan, the salesman, was very helpful.  Nice service center, excellent beverage bar (including coffee), and a clean showroom.  Parts and service staff available and courteous.  Able to negotiate a decent deal.
Got food poisoning from their wings.  Have had great experiences with other Domino's in Charlotte.  Can't say the same for this one.  In short, it's horrible.
Great beer fun atmosphere!  The service is a little slow but over all a great experience! I just moved to Charlotte so this was a nice way to experience some local flavor!
All around mediocre experience. The app was slow to come out. The lamb roganjosh was under-spiced and the lamb was tough. Disappointing first Indian experience in Charlotte.
I stop here now and then as it's the closest to where I live.  Customer service used to be awful, but ti seems like they've gotten a bit better.  \n\nToday I got a side salad and a shamrock shake.  Everything was A-OK!
I loves me some Yogis. Great lunch time spot. Packed most of the time but not too bad with time it takes to get your order made. I always call ahead so its ready when I get there.
It's Thursday night January 23, 2014. I  reviewed Yelp for a good place that makes Pastrami sandwiches. I decided Romanielli's is the place. I drive 12.4 miles to find it. It is dark and closed on Thursday night at 7:30pm.  What else is there to say???
Sampler was great for 4 people. Can't wait to come back.  Only problem it's a Pepsi account but they did have Mexican coke.
It was the best choice in the food court. Pretty bland though.....and pricey.
Tastes like ball sack (Green Tea).
Maybe you guys should update your hours because arrived this morning a little after 9 am and they are not open until 10 am.  :-/
You didn't offer a Zero. This place has good food but is overpriced and the music they pipe in that prohibits conversation should get someone an opportunity in another industry.
Pretty big store. But way over priced for some the items,  Cheaper to buy them on line.
Green Acres killed my 3 dogs and 19 others last week. I hope they have shut down. Yelp please don't delete this truthful post as you have all the others. You could be saving a dogs life by keeping this up !
Aside from their exaggerated number of brews on draft and one marvelous view of the city, not much else alleviates the whole experience of an unmemorable suburban-flop-house-meets-swanky-airport-bar that is Copper Blues.
Okay selection of toddler wear and somewhat slim on newborn clothes.  Prices are average, store lay out is good and easy to read large signs.
Best hotel I ever stay!! Very professional and friendly staff. Quiet and luxurious. Worth every penny you pay.
This is a very clean facility for a gun shooting range the prices are below average and the instructors are more than generous with their time and patience I would recommend anyone to come down and blow off the field
I had the lunch buffet. It was decent. Nothing to rave about. I have a hard time imagining how it could rate as best Thai food in the US. Maybe ordering from the menu leads to better results. But I think Pin Kaow is better.
Good food good service  :-) Will go back when I'm craving Indian food. It is buffet so you get rice and a bunch of toppings. They have a small salad selection and rice pudding with sweets. Staff were very attentive.
First time. Staff is nice. Typical bar and typical Charlotte food aka crap. But if you were born in the south you may like it. North people stay away
And now after everything they keep sending me bill, after the doctor and MA on the front office confirmed that I won't be charged for the second visit. Of course, whenever I call I get someone who has no idea how to respond to my questions and keeps promising I'll get a call back. Urgh ...
Loved it.
I haven't eaten at the restaurant, but I did witnessed the manager of this establishment come into the Subway on Penn and 6th and yell at the subway manager for using Taste of Dahntahn's garbage cans. It was really embarrassing how she barged in and excused the Subway manager while she was still working on the line.
Love this place!  Food is always great, servers are always nice.  Been here at least 4 times and have had consistent service.
Their crunch is AMAZING! And thei dragon roll is even better. I love this place for my Dojo and I. You have to go and you wont regret it!
This locally owned gem now has 6 locations serving the valley. They have unbeatable knowledge and service, great pricing, and a large selection of the best brands. \n\nGive these guys a shot before your regular Best Buy run and see what a difference it makes to shop local. Ask lots of questions - they love it!
Its got so much potential, service staff attentive but the food is not very good and its always so hot inside!  Skip it, until the kitchen improves!
Interesting menu...delicious and didn't disappoint! Definitely have oysters & beignets!
MTO is fantastic! Great food and great service! The manager David is awesome! They have both healthy food and comfort food! Great place for kids!  Check this place out you won't be sorry!
We have eaten here twice. Both times hamburgers. They were very good. Service was very good. Atmosphere was very noisy.
I had this for dinner last niht based on the great reviews. But gotta admit chicken was very dry and the beef was not that great. It might be that it was 8pm or who knows. I will give it another try but i gotta review on the recent experience.
Awesome boozy milkshakes. Try the almond joy!!! Really good food... Especially after a night out. Great service. \n\nAs a local the only downside was the amount of drunk tourists that would not leave me and my friends alone. Other than that... Awesome.
I have eaten pizza in Napoli many times.\nThis is very close.\n\nI can't imagine waiting 30 minutes, I have never waited more than 5 or so for a couple of pizzas.\n\nReally it is just like the pizza in Napoli!  Great stuff!
This was my first time here. The service was poor and the food tasted even worse. I ate the white rice and that was it. Dumped the rest....save your 8 bucks and walk to the Irish Pub down the street!
$45 for 4 small steamed pork buns, a bowl of Chicken Udon and a bowl of the Mandarin Beef Stew Udon...all which were mediocre. I expected more from a restaurant at the Bellagio.
The Pirate Ship is broken.  Pretty typical actually.  Seems like this time it is going to be broken for a while.  My advice, keep walking, plenty of more fun to be had elsewhere on the strip.
I wasn't too impressed. The eggs didn't seem to be scrambled fresh. Likely bladder eggs. We went to Mr. Mama's the day before it was excellent. Highly recommend there instead.
Not so good! I had the aligator and crawfish combo. Both were way over cooked and very tough. The breading was too heavy and didn't have any flavor.
My favorite Shuck's location!\nSometimes you just need some raw oysters and a cold pale ale!  \nI've eaten at all Shuck's and never had questionable freshness on the seafood.\n\nGreat little menu in a local bar.
Was expecting more fusion dishes, ended up being just another Korean restaurant. Food is pretty good for Korean, but we came here specifically for the interesting element of Hawaiian + Korean. And we saw none of that on the menu.
Always a safe bet for quick and efficient service, and who doesn't like Einstein's bagels!!!  This is location is always busy, but it is clean an the bagels are solid.
Good joint with awesome band...don't forget the hot wait staff with the cool hats...
ok i'm editing my review, i now love this place, been addicted for past week....must have just been a bad experience the first time i went!\n\nps: if you dont like your stuff salty just order it with mild seasoning
This place would be perfect!  All they need are new cows and water pitchers.
Loaded omelet (with nom nom potatoes) and strawberry banana smoothie - delicious.  \n\nOrder at the counter and then sit outside or inside.  Clean establishment.
Not the best sushi...bad service and pricey. I wont be coming back. The rolls were ok but again very pricey.
New guy Arthur.  Learn how to treat customers better. You were rude today!  I LOVE this location. If you don't improve will choose another.
Much better than the prior bar \"Stadium\".  Clean and open restaurant.  Great use of floor space.  Love the paninis.  Friendly and accommodating staff.  Great place to kick back and relax with a beer, sports, food, and friends.
Told us it was a 45 minute wait even though tables were empty. Went on yelp and could make a reservation for 15 mins. Very disappointing.
I use this location to register my handguns. They are pretty fast here. The people working here are friendly. You don't usually have to wait too long. It is probably best to get here at 9am when they open. It can be busy later in the day.
The food tasted great. However the service was awful. Our waiter scolded us for asking him to split the check. We were all in disbelief and couldn't believe it was happening.
I come here to work when I can't seem to focus at home. There are two quiet study rooms which are great if you arrive early enough to snag one.  I bring my laptop but there are public computers which are always in use. Great place to study, work or read a book.
Stand up live posted they would contact me on Facebook regarding not allowing me in with a valid ticket, purchased from their window \nThey blocked me instead \nWhat a great business nice \nPoor service poorly ran very upsetting to deal with !!! Stay away from this venue
Hidden gem. Very decent food for a reasonable price. Not a flashy place but a wide variety on the menu that appears to specialize in American-Chinese style food. Tasty, big portions, and attentive staff made this a place we'll be coming back to again.
Pretty good, local food.\nMake sure to try the olive oil and sea salt ice cream!
Great service and Hours.
Took my truck in thinking it was a fuel injector so did they by what I described. Called back to say it was the starter. A difference of over 400 dollars. Honest mechanics.
The panang curry with prawns was excellent. Chicken wings were pretty good. Crab wantons not so much.
I love Green and this location is so much more convenient than the Scottsdale location. My only gripe is the hours. I feel like they close too early and should be open on Sundays too. Give me MORE Green please.
Best late night Mexican food in Phoenix.  Seems to mainly be family owned. Very eclectic mix for quality people watching as well. $1 tacos are great - men will need at least 4 but they are delicate & insanely delicious. Burritos only $4. The price & taste are unrivaled.
I loved this place! Friends of ours took us here and the first thing I noticed was that it was clean, which is always a bonus. The women was very nice and the food was great. It tasted very fresh! Would make the extra 15 minute drive to pick this up!
Wow! That's all I have to say, iv eaten at dozens of sushi places and I was really blown away by this place. Service was excellent, fish \"salmon sashimi\" was very fresh! I definitely will be coming back to this place and recommend it to anyone.
Very good food and very friendly service! Kids eat free every day all day too. Awesome! We liked the ambiance as well.
Lunched it up with some coworkers here. It was your average bar food mixed with some other overpriced menu items. I really liked the garlic fries but I didn't find any reason that I would make a return trip.
All about meat\nThe bread was the highlight of the meal, it was delicious. I agree with another poster that the bread and a salad or app might be the best options \nbreautiful retaurant and friendly staff but incredibly unheathful food.
Wife went there with her wedding party to get their hair and make-up done and had an absolutely dreadful experience. Staff was incredibly rude and incompetent.
David is simply the best CPA in town. I recommend his services to EVERYONE I know. He is professional, extremely knowledgable and affordable.
Beef Ribs were really good, a little tougher than I like them but the flavor was awesome. The Onion Rings were some of the best I've ever had. I took off two stars because the Mac and Cheese was not creamy enough and the St. Louis Ribs were tough and lacked a good smoke flavor.
Meh. I've experienced better.\n\nAdequate vegan selections for higher than I'd like to pay prices.
Not bad Indian for west island and reasonable. We usually get take out so this is not a commentary on the facilities. Dishes will vary from week to week, but still usually good. Discounts on take out and coupons for birthdays and anniversaries are a plus.
This is the best and friendliest subway ive been too. The workers always have a smile on there face and make great sandwich. Ive been there multiple times and they always succeed to satisfy.
Great value- truly all you can eat and pretty good food. Great family environment and great service from the buffet line to our waitress. Too bad the area is not thriving because it wasn't as crowded as you'd expect for a friday lunch.
A bit on the expensive side, but they show love to a G. Lots of security guard type gentlemen working there.
If you love architecture you'll love the Charlotte Mecklenburg Library ! Was not planning on going but came upon it and went in to take a peek and wound up spending much time (and money in gift shop) in it. It has neat exhibits and it's a fun place to people watch too. Will go back on next trip.
I've stopped by here a couple times on the way home to pick up a few things needed for dinner that night. Prices are a little high but not out of line for what you would expect with regards to its location. Selection isn't great, particularly when it comes to produce.
Really delicious meal and excellent service.  We tried the bruschetta sampler and the BLT was my favorite.  Salads, pasta and dessert and all was delicious!  \n\nIt was not a very intimate setting, it was very open and we were smack in the middle of the restaurant.  That would be my only complaint.
I raced to get to this business before closing time.  When I got there five minutes before closing, the barber/owner just waved at me and smiled while cutting someone else's hair.  Less than professional.  Never going back.  Ever.
Just found this place on our last day in Edinburgh. Went inside for a hot Italian sausage sandwich and latte. Both lovely. Even though it was only 11am, the atmosphere inside was very cosy. Would definitely eat here again for lunch or dinner.
ate there 08/21/14 7:30am waitress did not top off coffee till end of meal they were busy talking about there personal lives can see why they have almost no customers ask  the owner to call me at 704-699-6586 and I will tell him all!
my favorite restaurant in this city, delicious food presented in perfect aesthetic arrangements; waiters knowledgeable about both the food and the wine. at about $150 for 2, it's a bit expensive to eat everyday, but I would've been ready to pay more for this quality of food and service.
One of my favorite pizza joints. Good service, sweet sauce and quality consistent pizza. That's all I want!
Drove a long way to try this and sadly not impressed! It was not bad just not great, hardly any cheese on it! If in the area may have again but NO special trips there! Had a philly at Freddy's a day or so ago and it was much better!
Came here today. Got seated by the host and never got service! After about 20 mins of servers walking by and others being served that came in after we did we decided to leave.. Maybe we smelled bad???  but still gonna give it 1 star for being seated
Love this place! The inside is nothing special but for a quick bite to eat is is tasty and the price is right. Owner is very nice and the gyros are excellent. My mom lives nearby and I go often.
Food is great, but watch out during busy times; seating is scarce and people circle tables like vultures waiting to sit down.  Favorites are Turkey Pastrami, Butterscotch cookies and Roast Beef.  Staff is great!
This is a great place! They always have great specials and the bang bang shrimp is amazing! Also, one of the best happy hours in town.
This place is not only inspiration for custom baby photo books, but the ultra sound room is soothing and lovely! Spacious room with large flat screen for viewing. Terry the owner does an amazing job at the sneak peeks. Pictures are instant as well as online uploads, makes for simple sharing with family and friends.
This place is fantastic. I only go to Mac's for lunch, but I have never ordered a bad item on the menu. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys southern pork barbecue.
Hey, at least the guy didn't ask \"what can we get started for you\". He knew I just wanted coffee. Medium coffee. Thanks.
I had a lunch menu here a couple of months ago.  Not impressed, as a matter of fact recommend staying away.  But reading reviews, people are speaking better of the place.  May have to give it a second chance.  1 star until I can eat there again.  Prices very affordable!
If you don't like a lot of salt make sure to ask them not to add salt to the already salty sauces!  They also claim to not use MSG but I beg to differ!  I have reactions to MSG and when I eat here I get the side effect from MSG.
Really great!! The Gyro Plate, hummus dip and baklava are all wonderful!! I will be going back when we are in the area again.
Affordable, clean, food is delicious. Recommended!
I am not a fan or collector of toys, Japanese toys anime etc... but this plays definitely fills a niche... What I am a huge fan of is the owner and workers of Lulubells-- They are very nice people who care about the arts, students and Tucson and they put up really cool art shows.
Pad Thai was very mediocre. The veggie spring rolls were good but I cant complain for the price.
The food was okay, service was almost non existent but the prices can't be beat!\n\nThe pizzas didn't look good so I went for the veggie calzone - wasn't so bad. They do have outdoor seating. It can get a bit chaotic siting inside.
I remember the first time I had truffle rissotto was in this restaurant. It changed my whole perspective on food.
They never answer their phone for deliveries. One of the only late night spots and they don't answer. How do you expect to get business if you don't answer your phone??
The best kept secret in Scottsdale--Portions, taste, atmosphere, Vince, Vi and Michael, are great--what a pleasurable evening ----we took 20 people there and thoroughly enjoyed every minute.  Thanks for a great dining experience.
Always quick and affordable! Like most guys, I don't like my eyebrows to look too thin, they do a good job at just cleaning up the areas that get out of control.
Not a bad place to get a giant burger.
Great price for great sandwiches. Two words ALL AMERICAN.
This is probably the WORST einsteins ive ever been to and it sucks to write this because I am a huge fan of them. But the one on campus always gets my order wrong, the bagels are not fluffy and theyre tasteless and the staff are slow. Not going back to that one ever again
cant wear baseball style hats.\n\nalot of of different drinks to be had.\n\nnice looking cocktail waitress'\n\nsitting fills up pretty fast so get there a bit earlier\n\nDCR is usually our starting point  and then hit up the rest of the bars in the area
It was so crowded that I was being pushed from all sides! The crowd was actually swaying back and forth as one because we were all crammed together like sardines! People were getting angry and pushing really hard and girls were getting knocked over. All I kept thinking is if there is a fire, I am going to die!
had the pizza a while back... not impressed.  spinach salad awesome as are the sandwiches.   was craving lasagne and ordered it last nite.   blah!!   flavor was very blan... added my own parm & spices to mke it edible.  stick with the sandwiches and salads id you order from here
Americanized. Everything is very sweet. Ordered the Pad See-Ew, Tom Yum soup, and the Beef salad. Decent price, although I have to compliment their interior. Very modern and clean.
The buns of the burgers where cold, burger had no taste. The fries tasted like crap. The lady in the front got my sisters order wrong. You are better off going to McDonalds
Good, but value isn't there...pricey for what you get, especially in south Charlotte.  Won't be back.
The chicken is nicely grilled and tasty.  The sides, however, need major improvement.  The salad was wilted and the fries were undercooked.\n\nIt would also help if the staff didn't look suicidal, like they'd rather be ANYWHERE but here serving you.
This place is not very good. They only gave us three side dishes and they were not great. Kimchi pancake was not good at all. Pork Bulgogi was decent.
The food was excellent. The service left a lot to be desired. Once order was took food server was nowhere to be found. Couldn't even get a refill on my soda.
I visited on high reviews.  I think it's a little over-rated, but good none the less.  My burger was a bit overcooked, food was overpriced but the service was top notch.  Great service, exciting atmosphere (although a bit cramped).  I would go again with hopes of a better burger.
Surprisingly enough, this Starbucks didn't know how to make a red-eye Americano.  I had to tell them the recipe.  Goodness, what is this world coming to?
The BTL Sandwich is okay. The bread is from Home. If you like how your mother make sandwich then okay. I think the bread fatter...
Something seems to have changed over time. Their hash used to be fantastic, now... disappointing. Bummer. Time to find a replacement.
I have been seeing Erica for 4 years now And my hair is in the best shape it has ever been in. The girls are also hilarious and I always enjoy their company!
A good spot to go for \" in a hurry \" situation Hawaiian food. Was my favorite in town but I feel like they are starting to go cheap in ingredients and you can really taste it in the food..
Very helpful staff. Will recommend to everyone, and will definitely be going back.
Been here twice, order was wrong twice. Yes it happens but both times? I want to like this place, it's close by, decent menu for Sunday football....
The best fresh donuts on this planet!! I've been buying donuts from Dee's for about 4 years. When I share a dozen with fellow co-workers they are amazed how good they are and always ask where did I get them! Dee's of course!!!
Best in Vegas hands down.
This place was good.  It was a nice location from the Hyatt when we went to Phoenix Comicon this year.  We probably ate here at least twice.  The staff was great, but at times I could tell they wished the comicon crowd wasnt in town...
The worst Jamaican food ever, pricey and run down. The staff does not care one bit. The interior is like kindergarten, plastic everywhere... Oh and not to mention after buying a soda it is a dollar for a refill... Stay away....
Probably the best place to eat at the dead of night in Las Vegas. Cheap sandwiches ($6-7) and open 24 hours.\n\nNothing really bad to say. Drunk food or sober food, both great and at any time of the day.
Best corned beef hash ever.  Diner is awesome.
Always good service and pretty decent cost. The guys working there seem honest and won't force a repair on you if you don't really need one.
The place was packed.  The staff was friendly.  The food was huge portions,  it was ok not great.  Nothing special except the jam was really good.  We'd probably stop again if we were in the area .
Very competent physician but regularly overbooks appointments and wait times of 30 minutes to 60 minutes not unusual.
I went for my bday dinner and it was delicious!!  I had the Prime Rib with bone and creamed spinach. My boyfriend had prime rib with lump crab. Both our meals we cooked prefect and flavorful. I would recommend this place to everyone. The service was excellent!
Pretty little dive for some amazing mexican food. The street tacos are amazing and everything along with it was superb. Probably one of the top 5 spots for Mexican food in the east valley.
Really good club with 3-4 different rooms. They play everythign from top 40 in 1 room to trance to reggae stuff. Cover goes to 15 if you come after midnight. Before that it is free for ladies and i think 10 for guys. Totally worth it. We had an amazing time. It is close to subway station also.
Horrible!!!  Too much flaws in their. 25 cent wings
I picked up a Hawaiian pizza from Fuel.  Ordered online, which was convenient, and it was ready in 15 minutes when I got there. The pizza was decent--the crust was very good, but otherwise it seemed pretty standard.  Not the best pizza I've ever had, but far from the worst. I'd order from Fuel again.
Slowest little Ceasers ever. Have been here many times and there is no such thing as hot and ready here. Always a wait and the workers don't know what's going on.  Just order from Marcos up the road. Way faster, tastes better and they know how to take your order
Excellent theatre...huge screens, great sound...and the $1.50 loyalty cup is an amazing deal!  Highly recommend!!
Great Pizza Every time!! Had some with the fam tonight.
Mmmmmmmmm, love me some local Vegas pizza! Their calzones are great and I love the meat sauce with bread. This all depends on personal preference but any pizza with light sauce is delish!
Great hotel! I love the atmosphere. Restaurant section on the casino floor is so cool!
Nice place but DID NOT like the hidden charges on my bill. I tipped housekeeping but they decided to charge me an additional tip. They also charged me $20 for porterage (Bell hop) each way and I carried my own bag!
Location can get crowded at times, but their hot dogs and fries are outstanding. Really friendly staff too.
Excellent, agr\u00e9able, bon service. Pour le lunch, super. Faudrait essayer en soir\u00e9e.
Andrea's friday night class is awesome. I am a fighter and i enjoy the stretch and push i get from her class. A great release with even better results!
Shockingly aggressively rude and dishonest.  I ended up not getting a service, so I can't speak for the quality.  Have never experienced anything like it; am surprised they stay in business.  Be prepared to brace yourself.
Wow...wow. Our first clue should have been that us was relatively slow on a Friday night. Seated...no one speaks to us for 15 minutes. The service was non-existent. Maybe the food is good, maybe not. I won't be going back to find out. A waste of time.
This is my go to for good East Coast pizza. I've dined in and ordered out for pick up numerous times.  Consistently the same great quality. If you know good pizza you will not be disappointed!!!
Food was ok. Service was poor. Saw a roach near our table. Not my choice for a lunch companion!
The hotel is old, and even with the new remodel, its still old.  I dont think I'll be back here anytime soon
Another great place I like to shop at but its really a hit or miss at this location!  I wish its variety in product is like the one at the Grove in L.A.!
Great food and generally good service. Lunch time can turn into a loong wait, but it's always worth it. Green Curry, mmmmmmmmmmm!
Horrible service! Period. We watched as other customers were helped and then two of the three employees disappeared. We were never greeted and we left!
HELLO BIRTHDAY CAKE ICECREAM! I was with some fellow Carnegie Mellon alum and they swore that I needed to get the Birthday Cake. I am not one to be craving ice cream but it was so good.
Very nice inside, located in a bad area but well lit and tight security. The ladies are all top notch as is the service; but it simply is too clean cut for my taste. Strip bars should have a bit of raunch to them to me and this is simply too clean, too nice, too vanilla.
Prompt service, great iced coffee, the food I've tried has always been tasty. The portions are great as well. Some breakfast places skimp on the food, but not this place! Most times I have a hard time finishing my meal!
I love their sandwiches....good choice for a good, inexpensive lunch....friendly customer service
Location is decent. Building average. Interior dark.\nAtmosphere: none. Cleanlines: good. Massage table:good pleasant therapists who offer useful and pleasant massage.
Buffet 0.5/5\nCasino 2/5\nDealertainers 3.5/5\nDivas show 4/5\nSet up of show room 2/5\nClientele 2/5\n\nOverall 2/5
Great culinary and hotel management program.  Both of my professors show a passion for teaching!\n\nBeautiful college with beautiful grounds
Service was very nice and pleasant.  I was ridiculously excited when I saw my plate filled with a ton of different type of meats, however I'll keep this short and sweet, unfortunately had to be the blandest tasting food Ive had in years.  Incredibly disappointing.
Unprofessional staff\nOverpriced food\nWill never go back there again. This is my 3rd bad experience here.
Overpriced and would not recommend. The food is just ok and service was horrible! With a high priced place like this, you shouldnt have to ask for refills or bread. Spending your money at a buffet will be better than this resteraunt. So disappointed!
Tried this place during a conference at the convention center. Just around the corner.
Q=Quite\nU=Unsanitary\nA=And\nD=Dumpy\n\nA great location, however!
Food was just okay and no one was very happy.  When the waiter talked to us it seemed forced/fake. I would not go back.
I'm so sad that they closed this place down and turned it into a Mexican cantina. They had the best tapas and sangria happy hour in Las Vegas!
Food is ok. Place is nice and spacious for families.You get what you pay for. It wasn't bad at all but lacked flavor in some foods.
Not bad, not great, wouldn't make the drive here, better options on the other side of the freeway
The service is horrible and the food is way over priced for what it is (its only ok). I will never go back.
Yup in n out of chicken
Found Dragon Grille at foodie fest and went back there again and again. Super nice people and the food was just amazing. Everything we ate, we compared to their Korean beef taco with galbi q sauce. I went home with a rice bowl even. Instant new favorite
Food is good. The service improves, but staggers to fill their customers needs due to understaffed for the volume of customers. \n\nTry the sangria !
Not bad. Clean, friendly service. But the overuse of \"um\" among the wait staff is annoying. Teenagers, you know.
It's pretty shitty, like the worst place ive ever stayed, I think I need a shot
All it was hyped as. Sandwich was tasty and the roll soft. I was very happy.
I would suggest Az grand resort for your stay vacation. Awesome water park for the children and lots to do for adults as well plus its very close and you Dont have to drive for hours to get to your destination. Enjoy and stay cool
Horrible, bikefest bikers want to hear the music but stupid women keep screaming on the microphone and bull horn. So annoying had to leave and walk up to fremont! Get a a clue hogs
Really expensive for a Mexican market. This store is pretty much an American Supermarket with Mexican music playing, and some Mexican foods sprinkled here and there and a Mexican restaurant on the side. I give it 2 stars because it is big and accessible and clean.
Candy was amazing, very patient and great with my son who tags along. I was able to get in right away and they had a ton of gel colors and designs to chose from. They are up on the latest trends and an overall great experience.
Horrible service!!! Came here by accident and they were so rude I couldnt believe it! All sitting around and said it was a 45min wait!! Went right next door to major auto service and peter helped me! He was so polite and nice!
Well priced for large portions. The carne asada tacos and burritos are good. The staff is nice although usually they don't speak english. \n\nThe nachos are good too. :)
4* only because i'll probably search for the next 10 years to find something better. sandwiches are great but i particularly love the genuine english muffins. none of that thomas's anymore. very comfortable layout too. sometimes tight but always cool
Baseball is more boring in the west valley.  The seats are too far from be field for spring training and there are no real extra amenities for the price of a ticket.  Two stars because they don't have the audacity to charge for parking like some other parks.  Stick with the east valley or surprise for a good spring break experience.
If only it was possible to give 0 stars. The worst company I have EVER dealt with. They are rude, poorly run, and they are the people that give insurance companies a bad name. I hope that this company goes out of business. THE WORST.
My wife and I have been to this place twice now and the pizza and the service were excellent both times!  We have gotten the pesto and veggies pizza and added chicken breast and artichokes. The waiter was the same both times and was excellent...
Easy scheduling and they dealt with the insurance.  Tech was on time, very professional and did a great job.  No complaints, so I would definitely recommend Prime Auto Glass.
The first time we went, we thought, WOW, good stuff. But the second time we did not like it. And we had really simple stuff. They recommended the brick chicken. It was nothing special. Bandera is better. The Salmon was ok - again, I could do the same at home. The mashed potatoes had little taste.
I would rate lower if I could. I am a road warrior for my job and have NEVER found a place worse than this.  They will scam you and make up miraculous charges that appear on your credit card bill.\n\nPlease go to a more legit business.
I wish whole foods wouldn't be as expensive as it is, but then again you pay what you get. Here I mean organic food, clean establishment, helpful staff etc.
Garlic knots, calamari, pizza, chicken Marsala, paninis... All to die for! Full bar along with a great wine list. Friendly staff. They play good music. Zero complaints!
What happened to the customer service at this location?  You forgot an entire pizza from our to go order....we had to drive back to pick it up and just didn't feel the love from our fav location.  Too bad.
We had such a great time here last night. Live music on Friday and Saturday nights, cheap drinks and the burgers are awesome. Get some onion rings because they come with peach ketchup!
Hanging with the boys with some cold cocktails!
Sorry great location! But the food was WACK! C'mon guys!!! Was hoping better then that 1 star.
the  appetizer, salad and desert were great but I had the worst halibut and my wife had tasteless steak which was over cooked ( she asked for medium well )  , will not dine in Mastro's Ocean Club ,  over priced and not worth the time
We went for the lunch buffet, yummy!( on 3/18)  We enjoyed the food but our waitress was good just not pleasant, disgruntle even!
Best foot spa I have been to in AZ!  Exceptional service and top notch massage
I will not be going here ever again.
Best breakfast I've ever had. Love the Curve Omelette that's my favorite. Haven't had the burgers yet but trying them soon. Love this place
I hate this place service was ok food was garbage food was not hot enough all the salads where made like hours before so it's all soggy pizza all dry sushi so much rice
This place is so under-rated.  The food is superb and it's in the heart of the cultural district so it's a great place to eat before or after a performance.
Great locations, forget the rest! It's old! I will not stay there again
Food is great, service not so great.  Oh, let me not forget if you are wearing shorts they will not seat you and should they happen to miss you wearing shorts, they will escort you out of the restaurant.  Thank God for the Ferrari store...$70 sweat pants work just fine.  View is incredible too.
Clean. Clean. Love this place. You can pay for a visit you are not forced to buy a yearly membership. Love that. Great for babies and 5, 6, 7 year olds. Couches are comfortable. They have wifi. Bouncy house too!
Sports grill is a little disingenuous. They do some pretty great food with decent happy hour specials.
They have the same Pizza at night as Pizzeria Bianco without the wait. I had the Sonny Boy and it was delicious!
This store was amazing when it was Sunflower, now they are constantly out of stock on lots of items and the management seem to be a bunch of nimrods. \nThey don't even carry Sriracha anymore. WTH?
Never dealt with a more unprofessional company. I had my car booted and was told to walk to an ATM bc they couldn't take a card. The driver literally made a finger walking signal and told me hit the pavement. He used profanity. What an awful human being.
Wen't  to lawrys last night for a romantic dinner. Service was great.. The food was excellent. The starter salad was so good.  My boyfriend had the prime rib and he was in heaven. I had the sea bass it was incredible. We both enjoyed  it so much.  I would go back over and over again.
Near the Carnegie Mellon Campus, PHI Bar is the  only place I have ever encountered a \"pitcher of shots\".  Since you gotta know, it's a 12 ounce beer glass full of liquor with like 2 ice cubes and a strainer on top.  I still remember those hangovers.
Love la love their hot n juicy seasoning whether it was over the crawfish or the shrimp it's sooo good. \n\nBut I've had juicer crawfish meaning the amount of juice at the bottom of the bag didn't live up to it's name. More juice!
I was not pleased with my meal at all. The salad rolls were obviously premade and refigerated because the rice paper was stiff and cold. The singapore noodles were a bit salty and rushed. Maybe next time I'll try the sushi.
This place was really disapointing. I had really high hopes the music was good and its a cool atmosphere but the food that we ordered wasn't  good. We had lamb stew and shepherds pie. They were both pretty bland.
The waitress nice and help to heat up the food. Very creative. Also better than top no1. In Chinatown Vegas ramen. Bigger place and not too crowded. \nFood: delicioso
This used to be a decent Indian restaurant, but the last time I went (mid-summer), the food was so greasy it was practically swimming.  I hope it was a one-time thing, because I'm not inclined to go back, especially now that South Indian food is available in Champaign.
Did not care for the environment, wait or tap selection. NOT ENOUGH SEATING! \n Excellent concept Horrible delivery!
One of my favorite restaurants, and the best butter chicken in the Montreal area. Intimate decor, good service, amazing food. \n\nThe 10$ thali is a great deal, and the konkanee shrimp are delicious.\n\nI love this place.
Great atmosphere & great service by Elizabeth.   \n\nThe food was a little above average.  Nice presentation, just not amazing.
My fav thai food restaurant! Fresh food and good service. \nThe bathroom needs some TLC though.
Just stumbled on this place while on Fremont, good luck we found it! Sushi and service was good but the included apps were exceptional, garlic chicken, ribs and some mystery meat on a stick. AYCE was a good deal. If your downtown I recommend this place.
All M&M at VERY high prices -  go online and save the visit.
Nice place for jazz.  Loved Maureen Budway last night!
Mediocre Sushi at best. All of the fish had the same, bland taste. Seaweed Salad was dry and bland as well.
Just ate at Anita's this past weekend and it was great. Love the chips and salsa. Had the carne asada tacos and they were delicious. The refried beans are good too. The only thing was they had run out of sour cream but gave us some guac instead which worked out fine.
Cheap and delicious. A level above fast food. I had the Thai chicken wrap. The sauce was peanuts with chili for only $6 and my husband had the Italian sandwich with provolone cheese and pepperoni and other meats. Also the same price. A great place for a quick bite to eat.
I'm new to the Phoenix area and checked out Yelp and very glad I did. Had a dental emergency and Dr. Hangalay and her staff were very kind, courteous and professional.  Would highly recommend Dr. H to anyone looking for a great dentist.
Worst service ever. Waited 30 min for a seat and saw at least 5 people who took a seat that should have been mine. Unfortunate because the place looked promising.
Woori Jib has 2 versions of bulgogi - barbequed/grilled and pan cooked. I think their grilled bulgogi definitely sets them apart from other Korean restaurants in town. It is delicious. Their menu is not as extensive as Dorcas though.
This bar definitely feels like it should be on the beach in Mexico, and if it was it would be awesome! I thought it was just okay, not the best crowd, and a little run down. Probably won't be going back because there are so many other good places in the area.
the specials are great, the bar tenders are fun and the pool  party is fun/  On another visit on a Saturday Kim was colorful Fun and mature. Go Cowboys!
Terrible food. Food all seems like it was from a box and cooked from frozer. But thank goodness there was free popcorn to fill us up. Possibly the freshest thing in the place.
I really wish I could give this place a higher ranking...but I honestly wasn't impressed. The pretzels were really good, and the service was amazing, but everything else was...lack-luster? No seasoning...no flavor... disappointed to say the least.
Anyone know where they are located or phone number? They are no longer at this location.
I love this place! A quaint bakery nestled in a small plaza. Definitely a great find! There pastries are delicious, especially their sweet bread! The owner is a great guy!! The employees are nice!!
We had steak frites and duck. The duck was excellent but steak is a little thin, dry, chewy and greasy.\nWill be back for the atmosphere but not the food
Excellent place to grab a bagel and cup of coffee. I have been going there for years. It is a pleasure to be greeted by name. Keep up the Great job.
This is great! Boba and donuts....mmm. They have blended ice which us actually pretty good...not too sweet. Nice folks. I highly recommend everyone coning here.
Been coming to Ay-Chung regularly since they opened several years ago and always have the Beef Noodle and stinky tofu. Sad to report that they have closed for business (according to the sign on 5/21/11).
Crowded. Unorganized set up in general including entry process(we had to wait outside for an hour). Food distribution utensils unsanitary. Servers made us get our own silverware. Bathrooms could use some cleaning. Food selection limited. Overall experience was sub-par
Downright the best Carne Asada Burritos in the Valley of the Sun. \nI was born in Mexico, trust my word.
For the price of this place, I expected much more! The concierge was average at best and the decor was overly dated. The hallways smelled old and looked worn. Then they had a bar that was never open and a breakfast you had to pay for!!
53-55 Broughton Street, EH1 3RJ. Cannot speak for the food myself, but we almost stopped for brunch here and looked foodie worthy.\n\nEmily Rose Reeder
Try $10 (yay, the price makes it tempting) \"make your own pizza\" if you want to taste undercooked flour. When hot, at least edible. After cooled, disgusting.
Easy to get to...\nVery knowledgable staff...\n'Wee taste of something?'
Huge Chipotle fan and love how close this one is. Been here many times and never had a bad experience. Love the fresh ingredients !
Crap.  Poop. Turd. Fecal matter. Feces. Stool. Thai Rama.\nAbove are all the synonyms I know for the term \"shit\".
Their sushi is nothing special and its rather over priced for what you get. The happy hour over at the Henderson location is better for getting drinks before hitting the club (10p-2a). The only thing this place has going for it is that it's open late.
I ordered a small 11 inch vegetarian special pizza for lunch planning to keep half of it for dinner.  The pizza was so good that I finished it. Would recommend this place and I will be coming back.
I really enjoyed my meal! The strawberry lemonade and creamy cauliflower soup were great. Its exactly like a Fresh Choice for anyone from Northern CA.
postal pros are great. just run if you get stuck dealing with the blonde. she why they make blonde jokes
This place gives the police a list of names that the rooms are booked under, so if u have any outstanding warrants for not paying a traffic ticket you will want to take care of that first or they will take you in. Just sayin.
Their white peach crepes are pretty good. It's not a bad place to go for breakfast after 11am. It won't be a cheap breakfast though.
First off, the valet parking was only $6.  My gentlemen's cocktail (a modified Manhattan) was too sweet, and my wife's and sister in law's cocktails not cold enough.  The view is world-class, the service was excelent and the food may be Pittsburgh's best.
If you want lots of food, relatively inexpensive with little flavor, this is your restaurant.  Everything from the eggs, hash browns, bacon and pancakes were cooked in the same grease (or lard).   Yuck, very greasy and tasteless.  With everyone's rave reviews we expected al lot better quality.
The fries were really good, the burger was ok nothing that stood out to me.  The service was friendly and quick enough.
Several steps above Pei Wei - I come here for lunch frequently.  The Singapore Noodles are great, as are many of their stir frys.  Locally owned and operated!  This place has many regulars, I know of one couple that eats there every day!
Sushi was just ok. Service was horrible. So slow!! They took my order to a wrong table and didn't apologize. Took them 25 min from they say we will take your dessert order until we can flag them (they don't even bother to check on us again). Don't want to go here again.
One of the few restaurants left that ALWAYS has 5 star service. Only hires employees that are competent, well mannered, and friendly. If this restaurant were twice the price we would still eat here.
Service was not the worst but definitely not the best.  All the food tasted frozen, the artichoke dip, the calamari, even the beef. Not good. Pricey for frozen food!
This is a terrible post office!!!  No one who works here knows what customer service is!  Rey at the front counter is rude and his supervisor is ghetto!  I hope this location closes!
My fianc\u00e9 and I dined her frequently when they first opened, but the quality of the good and the service rapidly declined. Such a disappointment. I'll choose Luci's any day.
I will never use the greyhound again, it was awful. I was going from las Vegas to CA. The seats were uncomfortable, the tvs didn't work, the driver was rude and the employees werent helpful.
Good food\nFriendly service (only if they are not busy)\nI mainly go here for the appetizers and beer during happy hour
Awesome I will be returning!!
Well put sarah... but if you want a super quick place for lunch they get you in and out... the food is to be expected... burrtios from a chain resturant...
Worst Wendy's I've ever been too.  Went in over a year ago for breakfast special.  Waited in line for 20 minutes and then the order was all messed up.  Long and short.  Too many other good places out there.  Don't waste your time..
I'm still coming here for my hair. Always happy and Melinda is a great to visit with while getting my hair done.
Good seats but pricey.  The show was great but did not have some slow spots in it.  Would recommend to anyone.
We got a in-home free consulting and same day installation. The rates are competitive, and for the service provided, we would recommend choosing JPG  over the other giant companies. Feels good to know our home is secure.
Food is good but the wait staff is VERY SLOW and the Hostess is RUDE'. Won't go back.
Service sucks ! Waited 10 min just to order water . Waiter was rude and rushed us.
They have all you can eat sashimi. The quality of food is excellent every time I come here. However customer services is ok. There is always room for improvement. I will still come back next.
Ate at Ruby last weekend. Every dish we had was stellar. And the service was very nice. Our waiter was a real gentleman.
Lucky Lous is a cool oasis with the temperatures outside rising. I stopped in for a cold beverage and a delicious buffalo chicken wrap.  Outstanding, (4stars)  This place is a nice locally owned watering hole. Staff is very attentive.
I got food poisoning from 1 slice of their Picante Pizza. 16 hrs later i was still Vomiting! Halloween night there was a lengthy wait for mediocre pizza. Theres better pizza options down the block!
Great food, great prices, fantastic service! Highly recommend this spot if you are looking for a fairly priced delicious breakfast... and no slot machines ringing in your ears while you eat
Worlds largest shit shop.  Lmao ... \nNo bathroom either and overpriced crap. Don't go unless you want to waste your time.  \nHonestly,  I needed a bathroom to use my insulin.
Well, it's Dunkin' and I always thought their donuts were kinda \"meh\".  But hey, what's not to like about a cup of Dunkin' Donuts coffee?
Every time I've been to Pita Heaven I have thoroughly enjoyed my chicken pita. Presentation is great and ready within minutes. The staff is friendly and the decor looks better and better every time I go in. Having a small non chain business is hard and I recognize the enhancements. Great work! I will be returning often :)
Still the best sushi in town, try the pork belly! See the mgr Manho, she will make everything perfect!
Love this space. Too bad its so far from, well, almost anything else retail oriented. Don't know how they stay in business. It must be the art. The art is fabulous.
Crazy good taste, amazing portions for the price.  This is what I want a yelp 5star place to be.  A really good find that food is awesome and I wouldn't have found it otherwise.  You're welcome.
The $5 lunch special is a burger and fries.  Not the best burger I've ever had, but the fries were very good and for that price they are cheaper than McDonald's.
Cool experience but definitely not worth almost $40/person. Bar was very small and liquor selection was limited. Won't go there ever again.
I love Dr. Reynolds! He explains everything he is doing and never pushes unecessary work to be done.  He is also great with my kids!
Bad service. Hotel rooms are nice, but they charged me an extra $150+ for TOUCHING - NOT CONSUMING - TOUCHING the drinks in the room refrigerator. How is that legal? Also, the Pink Taco restaurant is disgusting. I should've known better. This is why I hate Vegas.
Great atmosphere and very good food. If your on state street give them a try. You will enjoy.
The food is just OK, prices are a little high and the people who run the place \nAre rude and very unconcerned.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. All around great! Their vegan pizza is probably the best in the valley.
Place is a little pricey and you have to watch what you get but overall its a winner. \n\nCrispy Chicken salad is awesome and so is the filet Mignon. \n\nBe prepared for a wait on the weekends but its worth it.
Great staff all around.  I have not been able to straighten or use my right arm for over a year.  I've had surgery and now in rehab - they have my arm 95 % straight in just a few weeks.  Very knowledgeable in what they do. Highly recommend them.
The service is so bad, I never even got to order, so I can't comment on the food or drinks. Twenty minutes and no one bothered to take our order.
great place. construction is going on next door but is still relaxing. some of the girls have me take my shirt off and some don't?!?
This is supposed to be a new office, but they've got old technology and the service is from the dark ages also!  Take your insurance money elsewhere.
Rude, that's all i have to stay about the staff and service at this branch.
Lynn was flexible, friendly, trustworthy and knowledgeable. He didn't replace any unneeded parts. I would highly recommend him to anyone!
Aweful place and even worse place to see a concert.  Save your cash and go elsewhere. Rude and dying on the vine. Over priced and fascist management.  We will never be back. Thanks for running the last night in Vegas...jerk store!!!!!!
Same greatness as the location down the street but this one is a little roomier.  \n\nKing Crab Legs, Shrimp, and Corn still the best.  \n\nIf you got a big group I would probably try this one first.
Very good food. Very expensive and limited choices. Not a traditional Greek restaurant. Very expensive but good.
I saw Lena's review and decided to check this place out since I just moved to Las Vegas and in need of some eyebrows grooming.  I gotta say J-Byrd, she knows what she is doing. My eyebrows are in perfect shape and very even.  Highly Recommend!!
If you are trying to decide which non-Market District GE to visit in the East End, at least this one has a nice parking lot. It's definitely a mini step up from the Shakespeare Street location, so if I am in Squirrel Hill and need to grab something, I will run in here.
Foods great..service slow perhaps just a bad day will try again
Our go to pizza place! Don't see how they could improve in any area. Customer service is excellent, immaculately clean and the food is PERFECTION!
Amazing coffee & the energy that comes out of the coffee shack makes my day!
Levi  was fast, efficient, and affordable.  My car key went missing and Levi came quick and kept his word. When I had a problem he came to fix it ASAP. THANKS
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this location and owner!  super fresh toppings, great place to sit and chat.  YUMMY!!!
Wow, I tried Dunkin as a tourist. (Californian)\nOrdered a coffee and it was too sweet. \nThe lady fixed it within seconds and off I went from the drive through!! \nShe was amazing!
This was a fun experience and we enjoyed sitting on the patio. The service was horrendous which contributes to the long wait times.  The food was ok, however, wasn't fabulous for the price. Drinks were expensive as well.
Pizza = not very good and very over priced\nSalads = pretty inventive (won best salad in either Phoenix Magazine or The New Times at some point in the past)\nTotal experience = safe place to take someone when you don't know much about their food preferences.\nPretty generically decent.
Never disappointed! Everything here is so yummy! \nThe staff is friendly, its always busy but they move really fast usually\nPros: all of their yummy food & snacks \nCons: the place is to small now for all the people that come in\n\nAlways a good time!
This is one of the worst and sad restaurant in Madison. Pathetic service. The manager or someone of that restaurant is so irresponsible of what's going on in the restaurant. The food is not at all freshly made..it's very oily and rotten! I would never ever go to this restaurant again!
I've been there from it's early roots and been a big fan.  This place is a shining star in Old Town!  \n\nHopefully they'll be able to continue with their standards post-transition but it's gonna be big shoes to fill...
We come here every year for our anniversary. Its a pleasure! Excellent service. Spectacular food. Its very pricey but thats why we treat ourselves once a year. Try their French Press coffee- its the best!
Kim is the type of hairdresser you follow wherever she goes. She is amazing at color, great at cuts and blowouts.  I love my hair!!!
I wish there's a 3.5 star option.  The food and service were good, but nothing was special enough for me want to go back.  The Chili Relleno was kinda disappointing.  The pork dishes were tasty.  It must be hard for Mexican restaurants to stand out because of the massive competition.
One of my favorite locations :-) The store and bathrooms are always clean and the drink areas are kept tidy! They never leave you waiting long to checkout.
This is a great place for breakfast in Scottsdale.
Thanksgiving week, we had what I think was the smallest suite a 600 sq. ft. But for two XXL guys, this was more than adequate! We had a nice writing desk, a sofa, a nice bathroom and two sinks. Enough light to do a close shave, newer aircon system, wireless internet.
Excellent burgers, fries and desert along with other menu items (including salads, fish, chicken items).  Coupons frequently available in the weekly AZ Rep newspaper. (Located in the old Whataburger building near MetroCenter)
Great food, great prices, fresh fish.  Some of the best sushi I have had in Vegas.  The only reason I wouldn't give 5 stars is the atmosphere.  The staff is very nice but the inside feels cramped and dated.
Eh, it was ok. We ordered pizza to go from here and it was cold and sort of disappointing. Will definitely pass on this place.
Was not good at all. The beef that I got was full of fatty pieces that were uneatable. I was disappointed in the Mac salad as it had way too many potatoes in it, should of been called potato salad. I left hungry and had to pick up food on the way home.
This movie theater is handy for the freeway (101) and Scottsdale road.\nThey have the Cine Capri wrap-around screen here but we usually just check out the movies on the regular screens.\nNot normally crowded and plenty of parking this is a good place to go see a movie.
This place makes awesome soups & chili. I also love the fact that they customize my order to what I want. The turkey sandwich is great, the salads are yummy and the service is FAST. I highly recommend Luv a Sub to everyone!!!
We went in for breakfast on Sunday. There was not much of a wait and the staff was really friendly. The food was just ok, definitely nothing special. I had an omelette and it hardly had any cheese in it and not much flavor and not worth the $. Probably won't be back.
After several issues with this location we no longer use them and have taken our business elsewhere. Good luck. Poor  service does cost you.
This is the bar to go to if you are looking to get or give STDs.  \n\nNo thanks.
Yeh was a nay for me.\n\nI did not like the the pina coloda base i chose and the strawberries were quite sad looking so I skipped them. \n\nExtremely artificial flavour, thawed toppings. Bleh.
The food here is amazing!  I work nearby and come here at least once a week.  Even if you're not adventurous enough to try some of their Mediterranean dishes they have the most amazing burger!
Five star service from the time I sat down til I left. We had an INCREDIBLE dinner tonight. We ordered from their Plant Based Menu( Vegan menu). plenty of great options to choose from will be back soon!!
No WiFi = not good for project work.
Our server, Jose, was so nice and very accommodating to us. We had never eaten at Landrys before, but after the great grub an device from Jose an Tony, we will surely become regulars. Thank you guys so much for the great food and a great experience. :)
The server was adorable and tried her best to give us a great experience. The food was good and I would definitely go there again next time I'm in Montreal. Even the Margarita we got was delicious. Not a huge fan of the salsa that came with the chips though.
do not get their coffee. ive never tasted anything worse. otherwise, their tacos are great.
Great food, not bad prices. Steak and eggs delicious. Solid atmosphere and friendly staff.
Wonderful breakfast spot. Seems to be pretty popular with the locals, but both times we arrived by 9a & sat at a lovely shaded tables outside. \n\nThe red velvet pancake is quite delicious & my eggs were cooked perfectly. My husband enjoyed his Arizona Scramble (with over easy eggs instead of scrambled).
Great Central location, amazing service at the bar. Happy hour drinks are very tiny, selection in small and they are all drinks that could put hair on your chest.
Great service, delicious food. Wished this place was in the triad....must try!
I always go to Tutti Giorni when I want some cheap pasta....fast. Not exactly a gourmet's delight. But they deliver what you expect, cheap and delicious pasta....it sure beats eating at subway.
Service was excellent! The lady was soo nice and sweet. Food was great and fast. Well priced. Nice find in vegas. Found place on yelp. Recommended.
Would not recommend this dental clinic. I had a root canal that was not properly done, and the crown put on top of it  cracked. It was  temporarily filled, but three months later I had to have the tooth pulled.  They definitely are not afraid to charge for their services.
They have a vegan friendly menu, which is awesome! However, that menu is not cheap...$18 for the nachos! The beer selection is varied and the service is friendly. Overall, I like this place a lot. Just wish it wasn't in Henderson. I will have to try out the one downtown next.
OK, here is my first update.  My daughter discovered and installation flaw with our new carpeting.  Called for warranty repair two days ago.  Let's see how long it takes Empire to respond and fix the problem.
Tried this restaurant based on the recommendation of a co worker fusion Carribean and New Mexican Cuisine, the flavor and the presentation were really good. A good hip place to dine, and something new due to the fusion cuisine definitely a must try. Service was good as well.
This place used to be an awesome place to hangout 5 years ago, but after many construction changing and now it become unattrative for more customers to come....
Great bunch of people...I've gone there for years.  Just got a call from CVS they are taking over their prescriptions!  What??  What happened to them?  Why did they close?  I'm NOT happy!!
This restaurant is located in the Tuscan-styled club house and overlooks the beautiful golf course.  We both ordered a short stack of strawberry filled pancakes which were very light and delicious.  I used a 50% off a second entr\u00e9e coupon from the citycoops website.
Loved their inventory of music and novelty items. I had to really search for the artists I was looking for, but I won't complain because I was having a blast finding so much more than I was looking for. Got my J Boog and Jay Tee cuts, now I can kick back and chill.
Sad to see that Bed Bath & Beyond raised the prices on the Keurig K-cups to $11.00/box.  Still a good store if you need something for your home, but It's no longer worth my while to drive over here for those (which is why I end up at Bed bath & Beyond most often).
Love the environment here! The shopping and movies are right next door. The food is home-cookin' at its best!
not a bad theater, the rooms are less crowded than other theaters ive been to but the service at the concession stand sucks.  I waited almost 10 mins for someone to come out from the back and get me some popcorn.  I had to wait 10 mins to pay $13 for a popcorn and a drink.
Over priced and disorganized!
Pretty good place to chill and get Margarita!!
MMMM is all I can say after dinner at T&T. \n\nI had the chicken enchiladas, which were really good. Our party also had tacos, the beef burrito, a queso dip thing, etc. and everyone really enjoyed it.
If you like hanging around with 50 year old people then this is your spot! If you're not wearing adult diapers move on.
I had the worst exchange experience of my life. Rude employees and horrible customer satisfaction policy. Never going back.
Nice visit.  Quick Service and good food.
Super tasty burgers and fries! One of our favorites! I love the rosemary fries and their chicken sandwiches are also super tasty! This is our second favorite under Fez.
2 questions:\n\n1)  Why doesn't Dunkin' Donuts put those cardboard collars on their small coffees?  (Yee-ouch).\n\n2)  What was I doing  ordering a SMALL coffee?
My sandwich was bad. So bad, that I wonder if they screwed it up. It was just a simple turkey sandwich. It was extremely dry and not tasty at all. What was supposed to make this taste like America's best sandwich? The bread wasn't that good either. Will never go back.
My wife and I had breakfast and I was impressed with the coffee. I also had bacon and eggs which were acceptable, but not great.My wife loved that they did her toast on the grill for her. I would go again. The service was prompt and friendly.
Mainly liked it from the outside - clever architecture and a roller coaster. But, it is like a bad version of a Disney Hotel. Frankly, I'd rather go to the real NYC, which by the way is in our country, than a gimmicky hotel themed like it. From afar, the pizza looked good at least.
Easy to list, very helpful, used them twice and had no issues.
don't go there, the most horrible experience ever. they altered my jeans to the point that i cannot wear it or return them. they were very rude and when i asked for my money back i didn't got the full price i paid. and the money was thrown to me.
Excellent customer service. Walked in and got help right away from Les. Super attentive and very friendly.
Fascinating!! Jaw dropping!
What a unique restaurant for Phoenix.  There cream sodas are fantastic and you can't beat their apple pie a la mode.  Plus they have free WiFi and plenty of antiques on display.
Excellent coffee and great decor. This coffee shop provides a comfy place I enjoy coffee, conversation or web browsing. I typically go for light roast coffee but their dark roast coffees are very tasty. When you can drink pour over black, it's quality coffee. The best part is they have specialty coffees with whiskey.
NIce decor inside, comfortable. My Grandz had a blast, laser tag, bowling, arcade. Seen a couple movies there, pretty good.
The bessst Salads & Soups in Las Vegas! Very friendly service and a young man named Chris was very helpful and hard working!
I've always been a fan of this place. Quality food, Love it!
White pizza and cheese breadsticks. So amazing! ! First time here and we loved it. We will be back.
good date! the fly over the strip is quick, but its a good way to get the blood pumping. if you can, sit in front next to the pilot! (unless you're on a date)
Staff was very helpful, pool area was clean and up to date. Rooms were clean and up to date.\n\nWould stay here again.
I've been here a total of 5 times.  Ok for lunch, will never go back for breakfast.  Huge disappointment! Bad, cold food. 30 dollars for 2 people for bfast is crazy, not to mention its cafeteria style so you get NO SERVICE, for 30 bucks....no thanks.
Simple, good and great service. I was a little skeptical coming here but they proved me wrong. Food is great with reasonable prices and I like that they close for dinner. Service was 5 stars.
if i could give century link a negative 5 stars i would, in every aspect.
If you're looking for the Roberto's that was on Diners Drive-ins and Dives you have to go to Anthem. The owners moved up there. This place is not the same.
First time we have eaten there. Everyone was very friendly. Orange chicken was the best. Sweet and sour chicken not as good, not crispy and sauce was not thick, kinda watery.
My wife and I read about this gem on the LA Time Machine's website.  \n\nA small building off Oakey near the Stratosphere end of the strip.  Delicious, fantastic.  We went there twice in twelve hours!   I can't recommend it enough.
We came here a few months ago, but I can definitely say I won't be back. The food and service were slow, really slow. The food was also nothing spectacular. Portions were small and dismal looking. Definitely a disappointing place for nachos and beer.
Professional & Courteous. The owner knows his customers and his business. Desert Sky Games is a great place to go from casual to serious gaming for all ages. Clean store, knowledgeable staff. Well done.  Five stars. Oh, did I mention clean store?
Not the  greatest place. No blankets for the beds. No fan in bathroom. No not water. Baby crying in next room.  Emergency sounds going off. Gaysua
I love Sambalatte.  This is just what Vegas needed.  It is a beautiful, relaxing place with great tea and a wonderful staff.  Great place to hang out working on your computer, for a business meeting or for an outing with friends and family.
The restaurant was nice; hosts, waiters, and bartender were super friendly and service was great.  Unfortunately, the specialty (chicken) was a disappointment.  I am hoping they'd take pointers from their branch in Daly City as they serve super delicious fried chicken.
My number 1 all time favorite restaurant! If you want the best dining experience, request patio seating and enjoy the bellagio watershow.  Make reservations in advanced, or you may not be able to get in without a very long wait during the weekends! Enjoy!
Hands down one of my favorite brunch places anywhere. The food is delicious but the atmosphere, decor, and staff make it all worth it. There are such warm, inviting vibes and it is a great place to take a group of friends or a date. Also it is moderately priced so it won't break the bank!
Love this little tea/Iranian pastry shop. Very reasonable , & the service is very pleasant & courteous. Great way to spend an afternoon.
The most seamless car rental experience ever.  The agents were super friendly and helpful, and it was really easy getting the car, dropping off, etc.  Recommend.
The food is ok but the portion sizes are small and the average cost of an entree is about $50. The view is pretty so it's worth going up and having a look. I think next time I'll eat somewhere delicious and just come here for the bar/lounge.
The festival was overall fun. I wish they would have provided more varieties, and possibly had a better set up considering we were in the heat, with little to no shade. Overall, I would go again.
My daughter said it all when she said, \"There  are no words to describe this pizza!\"  We ordered a garden salad, which fed our family of 4.  The house dressing was awesome!  We then Had the buffalo wing pizza.  It was so flavorful, and the crust was amazing!  Good selection of beers!  We will return!
Stay away!  Remodeling and for fed ex that means cut the staff to the bone.  Long lines no one working the counter.  Very inconvient.  Employees are fine but waaay over worked.
A friend told me about this place and so I tried it.  I had two tacos and chips and salsa.  The tacos were very good.  The service was very friendly, I sat at the bar.  The interior was very open, clean and very cute.  Looking forward to going back.
Service is above and beyond,  chicken is great...  The prices are insanely high. Still don't understand why it's so busy.  I have a business meeting nearby every week and come here when I am early,  out of the 40 times I have been here I have only eaten here 3 times.. What
We come here every year when we visit Vegas for our anniversary just so my husband can get the corned beef hash for breakfast. Now I know why! Gave it a try this year and it is fantastic! \n\nService is a bit slow which is why we give it 4 stars instead of 5.
I am not going back there. After getting a second consultation, I found out that they made a completely wrong diagnosis and they wanted to drug me with too many useless over-the-counter medicaments. The place is also very squeezy.
The \"latte\" was drip coffee with warm milk added. Neither espresso nor foamed milk were involved. There's no mistake, it was called a latte when it was handed to me. Waste of three bucks.
Used to go here quite often, but the food and atmosphere has changed dramatically. The portions are very small for the price. Had a small salad and a muffin and it was over $10! Will not be coming back.
\"Heart Attack Grill!!\"\nThis is where the heart attack grill burger place is located along with all of teh other old style vegas hotels and very cheap gambaling! You have to try out the zip line while you are here as well! Always better to visit at night
Great cool place to come and get boba!! There are so many great selections to choose from and they even have honey toast here!!
so rude!!!!!!!!! too pushy!!!!!!! they do not listen to you, only there to make commission.
I came here for lunch. There wasn't much going on so the server was very attentive. The food was pretty good and or hotel had given us a coupon for a free appetizer. That's always a bonus!
This food just isn't for me. I couldn't find anything I liked.. I had some desserts and that was about it.
Very fun course. Challenging and in great shape, even in August. I love the full service country club/resort feel this place has. Can reccomend it to anyone.
It's hard to find what you're looking for, but the staff there is very friendly and helpful. They went out of their way to help me find what I was looking for.
When it initially opened, Honey Salt was amazing. The last two times I've gone (in the past 3 months) my experience has been mediocre all around. The food wasn't as good and the service was definitely not the same. Hopefully they can make some changes real soon. I want to be a 5 star rating!
price and taste is perfect for my wallet and stomach!! love it!
This place is awesome. \nI came there already 8 times \nGreat experience. \nThe only issue it's , more then 15 min whiting for the food...
It's pretty good. Tons of food choices and there wasn't a line for us. Loved the sugar free cheesecake. Definitely worthy!!
Food is OK. They tend to overcook the burgers so adjust accordingly. Service has been fantastic every time I have been there (usually under duress) but I care fuck-all about that. \n\nYou won't be disappointed here but you won't be thrilled either.
The food is not taste good and the price is higher than other Chinese restaurants. When finished, they add the tips by themselves. This is really rude.
Pete is by far the best handyman I have ever encountered.  Reliable, fair prices, extremely competent, trustworthy and maybe most importantly - a true Gentleman! AL Las Vegas.
Way too expensive for average vienna type dogs, and the born-again church vibe is a drag. I'd gladly eat better dogs for less at Weiner World.
I had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!
Poor service - they were clearly understaffed. The food was decentl though. The steaks were cooked well and my pork chop was good. The mashed potatoes could be better - I could show that kitchen a thing or two about potatoes.
Cool ambiance. Good appetizers. Don't order the short rib unless a) you like every bite to be either fatty or dry/charred, and b) you like your grits lukewarm and creamy.
1 star just because I ate, the food did its job and I am no longer hungry. If the service was any slower I would've gone back in time. The food was satisfactory other than the fact that it was somewhat cold. Wouldn't come back or recommend this location.
As anther reviewer mentioned... its not the traditional Chicago Italian beef I'm used too. Its very peppery and I don't even notice the oregano. Was still good and had a great beef flavor... still waiting on portillos to open shop in vegas.
Great place to find cool educational toys etc for kids. We work with a kindergarten class and for every project or activity we do with them we get the ideas from here. They absolutely love it.
Came here with six colleagues for what was probably the best meal I've ever had in Montreal.  It's a very charming restaurant with attentive and caring service and creative menu.  My visit was a while ago, so unfortunately I don't recall a lot of detail, but I look forward to returning someday.
It has taken me more than\n10 minutes to find a menu online for this \nplace......really?\n\npass
Horrible service, rude server, bad drinks!
Perfection!!!!  This is the way  business needs to be done!!!  Took in a sketch and Dan exceeded EVERY expectation. Class act all the way! Best to you Dan!!!
Great selection of Vodkas, Good selection of martinies, okay bar food, nothing special.
Too bland no flavor. They need to work on there soup base, because thats what makes the ramen. Just too bland, and I ordered the miso ramen, which tasted like water and shoyu. First and last time coming here.
I liked it. Didnt love it. But the service was spot on. They were  fast and efficient.  The food was good but a little over priced for the offering.  Very good wine and atmosphere.
Great place, clean and friendly.\nIts a winner for us. Something different using combinations of everything we all love.
I just happened to land on this place one day when trying to find a place to eat brunch when everything was closed (it was a holiday of some sort). What a nice little spot to land on. I was very pleased with the service and food. My boyfriend and I now go her regularly!
Worst place ever!!!! Won't deliver prelabeled UPS PACKAGES!!!! What do you exist and place the sign out front?
Hilarious, raunchy, uncomfortable, beautiful, and sexy.  In a theater in the round venue.  Amazing acrobatics.  The roller skating bit was breathtaking.  Not for those who are offended easily...check your political correctness at the door.  Would see again.
Another Sergakis location. Food ordered from here actually gets made at sports station and then run over. Different vibe from station and kbox, much more relax and less Tvs.
Sweet little spa. Great massage and great customer service from the massage therapist.
I came here for a business meeting on a Tuesday morning. The breakfast buffet was good and the service was great. The most impressive part was the exterior appearance. They have dozens of different flower varieties circling the buidling. They were all blooming and it great to enjoy a cool spring day in phoenix.
This is the most wonderful shopping center ever!  Every high end store you can imagine is here and most are these vendors flagship locations.  Awesome!
I've been waiting for this location to open because I live a lot closer to this location. I always sit at the head chef NYI side. NYI and the manager always comes by and always makes us feel welcome. The food is always good!
It's ok. They have flavors I don't really like. But the service is good and it's a walking distance from the place I live))
The worst deli food ever!!!
Very nice ambiance. It's especially nice in the summer when the garage doors are opened into market square. I had the gnocchi which was a very small portion. My friend had the 4 cheese flatbread which was very good.
Solid diner food. The Chicken Fried Steak is \"legit\". Their version of Loco Moco is \"meh\", you should pass.
2nd time here. Both for Kiltlifter and beef sliders. Satisfying each time.   Relaxing, casual patio.
Walked out after waiting for over 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge we were seated.    The manager walked by twice and did not bother to stop.
Tiny little place within walking distance of the Doubletree.  They served Guiness on tap which gave them an extra star in my book.  Otherwise, it was just ok.  I wouldn't go out of my way to hang out here.
I love this salon, the service is excellent  and staff is friendly and efficient.  \nI always have Richard to do my nails and Tri to do my pedi thery're the best!!!\nI'm always please with their service, fully recommend it.
The salad dressing was good, greens a little bitter but in was okay with that.  The curry is a good japanese style curry.  If you are looking for an exact replica of CoCo Ichibanya, you should keep looking.
We ordered Samuel Adams seasonal late December and they gave us 6$ beers of skunky old octoberfest. When we asked to switch it out because it went bad they just handed us back the bottle of old beer we already took a sip of. Bad service. They don't care.
I will keep it simple and say these are the best Bagels in town, period. If you ever have an opportunity to go there for breakfast, my personal favorite is the poppy seed bagel with Taylor Ham, egg and cheese. But, there's a lot to choose from and the staff is very helpful and friendly.
I am a snob when it comes to anything food.. Even food reviews, but felt like I needed to try this place out.. Wow. This place is amazing..\\ So ya, if you are ever in Litchfield Park or anywhere in Phoenix area. Try it out
Burger meat was not high quality and I didn't love that they mixed raw onions into the lettuce.
Had fun while I was here but the door guy is a frickin jerk. Was late to the party bus and couldn't get back in.
The colors in the place might be a little loud for some, but good menu and upbeat service.  Big servings so you can share.  If you're down for Mexican it might be a good way to star the night out in Vegas with your group.
Check your takeout order b/f you leave the parking lot. I ordered a shrimp enchilada platter & they forgot the rice & beans. The enchiladas were good but ruined by too much cheddar which overpowered the enchiladas.
I have been eating at Senor Taco for years. Lately the service and the quality of the food has been dropping. Often the drive thru is a frustration and the barely warm food is disappointing. This is an ongoing issue at this particular location. I often order a burrito and the cheese inside is ice cold and not melted.
Great surprise for an out-of-towner; definitely gave me a fashionista fix with stores we don't have in SLC including Barneys, Neiman, and most high-end designers.
While I do appreciate the friendly service, and normally the drinks here are spot on, the pumpkin latte I had recently tasted like there was burnt coffee in it.
Food is good and staff are friendly. It has been consistently good and we will be back more often.
Was going to a movie at Desert Ridge, and looking for a restaurant to follow.  Read the reviews on Yelp before picking Nori.  Sorry folks, either you are related to the owners or need to get out more.  Over-priced, and under good.
Food is disgusting.  meat is cold and dark color same with the calamari, dry and dry like a rubber.
Love this place! Their pho has that traditional home made Viet taste and very fast and good service. Highly recommended.
Can't give an accurate review as we just got drinks and then went to Batista's later that night. Drinks were good and strong....will update when I try the food, service was good.
Their tires are so good they're guaranteed to never need replacing after 1 pm on a Saturday.  How else can you explain their hours?
Nice folks, kids like getting haircuts here.  I usually get mine cut as well since I\"m already there.  We're regulars here.
This Lee's sandwich suck.  All California Lee's sandwiches even the ghetto one  are much better.  Dakao sandwich by Lindell and Spring Mountain is better.
Not what they used to be. A few years back they had a great Italian beef sandwich, been there recently and the beef tasted old. Maybe it was an off day for them, but I don't thin I will be going back.
I use to go there with a friend and her family and order the sizziling rice soup that was to die for but hadn't been for years recently in the last year or so went back and had dinner with my boyfriend..it was good not great. I did however have my first taste of sake it was excellent mixed with the hot tea.
Friendly staff and good food.  They have free wireless access but for some reason it never works for me.  Yes it is expensive but the food is always fresh and tasty.  I don't mind paying more for quality.
Just retired from the military and stayed here several times.  Nice staff who are very helpful, nice rooms, great amenities, and great location.  4 stars.  The only negative that I can think of was slow WIFI.
I really dig film bar.  It's all arty and quirky, and I can have a glass of wine while enjoying a film. \nOh, and the staff is KILLING IT with thier staff picks this summer.  \nGood prices, nice atmosphere, great films.  Love it.
Great pizza wait for it......when your near broke or drunk or both. And it is open late on weekends, always a plus.
Very new and beautiful...drink service was terrible though. Needs to polish up their act to stay competitive otherwise they are going to keep bleeding money. The potential is there, just hope they find it before it is too late...
Not a bad place to day drink, but that's about it. I've eaten here a number of times and it has always left something to be desired. Food is very average.
Called to place a carry out order and they said they couldn't take our order because they had \"a full house\" and promptly hung up before we could ask anything else.\n\nHorrible customer service! Definitely won't be back here and won't be recommending them either.
CLOSED!\n\nYou'll have better luck finding something to munch on at the Savers next door. Dust bunnies, anyone?
Horrible service and the overpriced food is a close second. Best thing about this joint was it was located in the casino where we were staying, and it was open late.
Just had the nachos with chicken. It was good except the cheese was stuck to the paper in a few spots. DO NOT order the guacamole! It's absolutely disgusting. No way they make it fresh. Service was a little slow especially once the place filled up.
Don't bother!  The view is the only thing they have! What a joke! Nobody in the bar! Could it be because of the smelly mop bucket by the front door?
Went for the endless wings Wednesday.  Nothing too special, lots of sauce (Actually made us sick to our stomach).  Place looked pretty clean, waitress was VERY nice and on top of her stuff!
Service was excellent. I only got the walnut shrimp and brown rice and started with the hot and sour soup. Very tasty. Green tea was so soothing. Would go again.
This used to be one of favorite places to eat when I lived in Phoenix.  The fried rice, lemongrass chicken, spicy tofu, and calamari were all tasty.  The drinks were great too.  It is along the same lines as PF Chang's, but the dishes are different.
This place was fantastic, then okay, then terrible. The only reason the place gets two stars is because for some odd reason my wife and daughter still love it. I am not going to be headed back here any time soon.
Friendly service.  Meat smoked on site, very smoky meat, but a bit boring.  Moist and tender, but I felt the strong smoking drowned out natural flavor of brisket and chicken.
Whoo-hoo!  Per www.cinematreasures.org it has re-opened! http://cinematreasures.org/theater/4730/\nIt will be showing classic movies for the time being.  Future programming has yet to be determined.
Service was amazing, food made from scratch and to die for!!! I felt like I was at home and well worth the wait. Great ambiance like I went back in good old souther times. Waitresses always with a smile and my belly too.
Random snackery that wasn't a fail: Jalapeno Pretzel + Cheese = YUM!
Expensive and not that great!!!
Good service, good beer, good decor. Not\ngood tacos! 3 of my friends agree with this rating!
Very pleasantly surprised by this new Mexican place in Maricopa. Pollo Asado had a nice kick, the chips were tasty, pollo fundido was delicious, and the house margarita was quite strong.
Shwarma bowl with everything on it is pure heaven. The pita chips and hummus is always tasty as well. Just slightly overpriced by a dollar or two; but I like the small setting, everything is visible from the counter, and the food is always delicious.
I am a big fan of this place. They take great care of you and have awonderful breakfast buffet for networking groups. Nice people and clean place.
The foie gras with truffle oil was excellent.  The caviar was pretty expensive, because it's super small, like one tiny little bite costs around $30.   I would like to try the smoke salmon appetizer next time.
This place serves extremely oily appetizers that are extremely salty. Not a fan. They have ipad menus for self ordering which is becoming a standard at all you can eat sushi places these days.
went there for breakfast with a group of 6.  i ordered the joe's scramble and really liked it.  had a side of hashbrowns.  would come back!
Curt and abrupt management.  Turned away on Mothers Day because, in fine print, my gift certificate had expired.  In my mind, along with a good massage should come quality customer service.  Though I had frquented other locations, I will never return and will relate this experience to my friends.
The staff is really nice and makes a genuine effort to have an engaging conversation with you, it takes a little while to get your drink and a lot of them are overly sweet, but t has a very open feel and great atmosphere and live music sometimes. Great place!
Absolutely overrated. We had to pay extra to use the VIP lane, otherwise we'd have to wait for over an hour just to get in.
Very nice people here. I recommend it. They gave me bad news about my teeth, but they did it ever so nicely. \n\nThey saw me without an appointment, and within an hour.\n\nWhatever you do, don't go to the obnoxious place across the street, Fenway Dental.
Pros: line moves faster than the other Buffet of Buffets lines we've been in\n\nCons: the food is nothing special. We came for lunch and dinner since we stayed at PH and were disappointed both times. The food was very ordinary and doesn't live up to the Vegas Buffets expectations.
Always fun, always good music. Even food @ lunch is pretty good. (Burger special).
Really expensive. Staff not restaurant trained. like a take out style Super low key
We we're not impressed. The prices are high for what is bar food with no real uptake.\n\nService was neutral both visits (stayed in attached hotel).\n\nWould be willing to grab a cocktail but definitely better options around.
I am not surprised that this place is closed and the locks have been changed.  Food was awful.  Service was awful.  There is nothing good that I could say about this place.  Maybe if the owner had every been present instead of worrying about opening a new restaurant,  he would have had more control.
Added a tip to my.credit card that I didn't put on, shorted me one from a half dozen. Bagels are tasty but I won't be back.
Having been to Sushi Roku in Santa Monica this was truly a let down.  Although the fish was fresh, the preparation, menu and overall experience lacked what compelled us to go there after having had many good experiences in LA.
I had the worst pastrami sandwich in my life. It was like pastrami jerky and bread was hard. I will not go back.
If I could give no stars I would! Employees decided to add avocado to a sandwich that isn't supposed to have it. I am highly allergic to avocado. Had to take several Benadryl as my tongue and throat started to swell. The employees just said sorry before we left.
I'm from Venezuela and I can said that the food is good but the owner need to work in how him give attention to the client he is not so kind and that can make your business go down
Very large used selection. Mostly Armageddon looking. Had a small new \"showroom\" with a few nice pieces. No one said \"hi or hello\" while there for a half hour browsing...
Ordered a burger and it was good, not excellent. The fries are a little better then 5guys but with such a limited menu and an exceptionally long wait time.... like 20 minutes in the drive thru... I'm not sure I will go back.
My first time trying fish tacos. The BBQ mahi tacos from Cabo are delicious! Service was great too. I'll be coming here every time I come to Charlotte!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n10 Food\n9 Service\n10 Atmosphere\n8 Value
Not impressed at all , the food didn't have much taste to it and it's overpriced for the portion you get .
Best smoothies in Vegas hands down!
RIP-OFF ALERT: There is an automatic 18% gratuity for parties of 5 (!!!!) or more. And that includes breakfast!\n\nOther than that, the place is fine. I just cannot stand this sort of cheats anymore.
The coffee and latte we got were pretty wretched. The owner/barista seemed a little off, but nice enough. Not my favorite place, but maybe if the coffee was better I wouldn't care.
My favorite! ...margarita on the rocks awesome.  Servers are friendly...and if you are a regular here they already know what you want!  The plantine/banana desert is my favorite.  Even if it's not in the menu, they still make it for me! Mi Casa indeed
The wait was bearable, the food okay, but the service and cleanliness was unacceptable. I will not be returning until these areas are addressed and improved.
Amazing guacamole, service and atmosphere!  I will be back.
Best reflexology ever!!  Absolutely amazing deep tissue without being painful.  Tip to toe relaxation.  I highly recommend!!!
Worst service ever! Slow to take order. Brings a bottle of specialty water and no glass with ice.  Water glasses totally empty, ask for more and it never comes. Told manager and he fills all glasses but one.  And the food is mediocre at best.  Just bring me the check
Lost my bag but still charges me to carry it. When it arrived half empty no one would pick up the phone. \n\nOn the return, would not let me check in ourselves or the bag online !! \n\nEventually turned out more expensive than other airlines.
I was there for new teacher orientation for CCSD.  The rooms were clean and spacious, the food was good, and the staff were friendly.  Can't ask for anything else.
This is a good meal! I eat the filet and the twice baked potato is good too. The garlic mashed potatoes are very tasty. For two people, expect a check of around 70.00. Its a quick fix you can get without driving all the way to some fancier places like Ruth Chris.
Always have a great time when I come here to stay. Perfect \"diet\" version of the strip. Kimberly (from Vegas ) at the front desk was super helpful in giving us directions and sending us to non tourist spots. For sure coming back.
The super nachos and chicken tacos are awesome. Great orchata too, and more authentic then any other fancy Mexican restaurant.
This place was great.  We tried the chips, fries, and tater tots with our burgers and have no complaints.  The price is great and other than I wish the burger patty was bigger I love this place!
We were craving good Chinese food.  we were disappointed. service was good. no ambiance at all.  the sweet and sour chicken and sesame chicken was so sugary, we couldn't finish it.
Its a shame that most of the drivers are so rude u can say hello r hi and get no response what so ever was on 109 yesterday and the driver a female was just plain rude and nasty like she hated her job and everyone in it no customer skills here
Amazing little place!  So many sodas and root beers!  Love it must go and eat waffle sandwich. Mmmmm!
Had a great dinner at R M UP last night!  The short ribs were amazing and the Niki Minaj Big Ass Chips are must have.  Julie and her team were the best!
Terrible service.  They screwed up food order so after waiting 25 minutes, they apparently gave our food to someone else, we waited another 20 minutes.  No apologies or anything.  They do have a good selection of beer but that is about it...avoid this place at all costs due to terrible service.
What will you pay for Asian food when you don't want to leave mandalay bay and you have a hangover?  This is the place!!\n\nNot bad congee and onion pancakes. Vegetable dish was a little over cooked.
Burgers are pretty good. You'll leave smelling like a burger, for sure. Fries are ok. Nothing super special overall. Pretty basic. Need a quick burger fix it will do the trick.
High production values, great plays, wonderful acting, PICT offers a lot to theater fans in Pittsburgh.  They perform at the Stephen Foster Memorial Theater on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh.  The season series is a good value.
This is my 2nd time eating here it is a bit pricey but the food was very good!
This bar transport from Iowa City is all over the valley, but unlike the Iowa version I feel it has no redeeming qualities. Bad food and funny tasting tap brews. Girlfriend's fake ID got stolen there, man, having a girlfriend under the drinking age sucks, I'm glad that's over.
Very helpful staff
I've been 2 times here and both had a good ending. I enjoy what I order, which is mainly sushi and some of their pasta dishes. Good service and nice environment.
Stale fries.   Long lines.  You are better off at macdnalds
Their fish tacos are the best in Charlotte! SO DELICIOUS! And they always have a great draught selection. I LOVE CABO!
VIva is your typical Mexican restaurant; great food, fun music, and great service. It's family friendly and the menu has options for everyone.  I enjoyed my meal but I wouldn't consider it my favorite restaurant in town.
I've been here twice for lunch and the food was fantastic! One complaint though, service was very slow. I learned my lesson not to try to make it in and out during a 1 hour lunch break. When I have some time to relax and eat an excessive amount of knish, I will be back.
Deena was wonderful! I was traveling through AZ and stopped in for a haircut. She listened to me, gave me exactly what I wanted in a haircut! Wish I was closer so I could make it my regular salon! Don't let the incredibly reasonable $ for a haircut fool you, she is super skilled!!
OK\n\nSalt and Pepper shrimp (a special) great, fried rice poor.\n\nGreat service, ok quality.\n\nProbably would not go back.
The steak and lobster deal on Wednesdays is such a good deal! Don't expect Wolfgang Puck quality, but with two sides and a bread basket, this is one heck of a deal!
Better than expected. Usually I don't like musical and theater type deals. But this was really nice, lots of action. The music is also good. I'm not a big Beatles fan but they did make great music.
The Sicilian crust is the best I've had West of Ohio. Just amazing. They offered a GF option which was also nice. Toppings skimpy so that's why I didn't give this 5 stars. Service quite pleasant. Suggestion to owner: would love fresh mushrooms vs canned.
Such a cute place! Very quick service and everyone is so nice.
We got free tix, so we went to check it out. Outside, we heard the dj mix a Bon Jovi song to House of Pain's \"Jump Around\". That was enough for us. We didn't even go inside. It's all about the music.
Trop bruyante, pas assez de nourriture v\u00e9g\u00e9 (que veux-tu, c'est un bar) mais leur s\u00e9lection de bi\u00e8res est excellente.
Terrible. Very small, crappy drinks, the only attraction is the interesting setting but they don't even let you bring your phone or camera inside so they can force you to buy a crappy twenty dollar photo they take of you. Not worth it at all.
I was excited to have some gelato after some tiresome ice skating! The hazelnut was good. Very authentic gelato, also the ones with a shot of expresso over them that looked amazing, but im not a big coffee lover. If I was at the Lake again, I'd definitely have some more!
Theses guys had what I needed in stock and at a reasonable price. I didn't feel rush or pushed to buy some other parts when I was just browsing. This will most likely be the place I buy all my parts from now on.
This wasn't near the experience I expected.  The atmosphere was only mediocre.  Seemed dated to me.\n\n\nThe service was good.  The food itself was not very memorable.  I heard great things about this place before coming, but was a bit disappointed.  Nothing bad, just not awesome!
Kind of disappointed that the Guinness was not served at the proper temperature. The response? \"We only have one cooler.\" So a properly poured Guinness it was not. Hamburgers were good. There was a sour smell at the bar.
Was served dirty mushrooms and gotta hair in my fries! Disgusting! Will stick to drinking here unless they keep having crappy bands come play on the weekends.
Not good at all-very expensive, kept adding all sorts of  unecessary tests, madly trying to upsell treats and toys and junk to me at the counter when I was checking out, won't be back.
Amazing Service. There's a band that plays on Saturday night which is pretty cool, if you want to sit and talk they have a separate dinning room.
It's one of those places you can run into for a quick stop to dine in or take away and get a yummy meal. The salsa can almost be a dressing which keeps things light! Yum Yum
Brought by a friend. I have been to 3 other salons in the area and this one by far raises the bar. Great service. Quickly started. No chit chat. Prices are great. Eye brow wax, ped, fill with gel coat. I will be going back. And conveniently off the 101.
It took them forever to make my sandwich. It was ok but not the best quality meat. The set up and process to order is cute and a fun experience but the food itself was a little overpriced for what you get as well. I would look at it as a lower on the list sandwich stop.
Employees are unhelpful and very rude. Took me 2 minutes in this location to realize that I need to stay with Verizon. I would\nNot reccomend this location to anyone!!!!!!
Pizza's not bad but just a little expensive.  Service was good.  Garlic fries were very yummy.  Place is ok if you're in the mood for pizza and you're close by.
Everything I've tried here was gross. The regular tacos are just normal. The fish taco was disgusting I thought I was gonna throw up. Gave it to my mom and she hated it. I'm glad there's other places around because I'm never going here again.
Love the food, the brothers that own this place really try to stay true to serbian dishes when ever they can. And the pizza and beer selections are always top notch. In the high end game of non-dominos style pizzerias they are king
More than likely I won't be back.
Easy to make a appointment and really takes the time to get to know your issues and work on a solution that will get you back on your feet and not just coming back to him for more.  I trust him in and his knowledge.
This Taco Bell / KFC is famous for getting orders wrong and now they don't participate in D backs promo! Sure wouldn't want us seniors (whom are the majority of their business to get anything free!
I LOVE this place!  Staff is amazing, instructors are amazing, and decor is amazing.  When here you totally get that \"community\" feel here, which makes it easy to want to be loyal to them.
Had the deep fried breakfast burrito....best thing I've ever had for breakfast!  Also the pumpkin pancakes were delightful.  Service was great and prices were right, $25 including tip for two meals and a pancake on the side!
Simply the best jerk chicken I have ever had. I sat at the bar, which could use some acoustic management. But the staff was great, drinks were wonderful but expensive. I did feel I got my moneys worth.  I will be going back.
Price is good, but service is not.  Needs more server during lunch/ dinner time.  And we don't need a male server with sagging pants.
Walked in and asked for a plain manicure. Was taken in immediately. Treated with great respect and kindness. Facility very clean. Would return in a heartbeat.
Not worth my $12.  If I'm charging $12 I'd make sure my customer is full and happy.  I had literally 5 pieces of fries.  The meat in the sandwich was all placed at the top to appear full but it's all bread at the bottom. Ohh and the lobster was still frozen!
I've had way better and for less money.  Seriously over-rated.  Plus could the parking and store be any smaller.  The cupcakes look pretty but as my daugther put it, it wasn't as good as it looked.  I would buy a grocery store cupcake over these any day.
Very nice store.  The staff is great. The selection is great. The prices are crazy high. I would have loved a pair of shoes, but they are $300 pluses dollars for most & 49% off. Ouch. That is a but much for shoes!
39 cent tacos and good breakfast.
Wait time was long, but not unexpected. A little less than an hour from start to finish. The phlebotomist was pleasant, but everyone else cranky and short. The bathroom was dingy, but everything else looked clean enough.
Always yummy
I love the vibe of this place in Boca Park! The atmosphere with the music playing and low key dress apparel makes this place comfy like being home. \nThe food is delicious, and I always stick with the shrimp tacos that are the bomb!
I usually just eat the tops of cupcakes, but even the cake part is great here.
Horrible management 30 minute waits on each hole because they cannot hire a starter who can do a mediocre job of managing a 27 hole course.
I usually avoid this ross, especially on weekends... but a situation came up and we ended up at ross... Not a very good selection, usually poorly organized and under stocked on women's clothes & shoes.\n\nNICE EMPLOYEES THOUGH!
If you want to be treated rudely and have your eyebrows ruined, by all means, go here. HORRIBLE. I will NOT return to this or any other of their locations. There are dozens of eyebrow threading places in town, so why waste your money on one that treats you so poorly?!
Decent food. Not really authentic Thai food. You can pick your level of spiciness, which is good.
It's a little loud in there, but overall the happy hour was great. Very reasonable and good drinks.
Wow' I love a thin crust pizza and this is great stuff. Always hot and fresh daily. By the slice is a great fast lunch any day of the week! Try the Chicken Alfredo! Delish!
Sea Bass appetizer very good and flavorful, but very small. Sushi was excellent. Service was non-personal, very transactional.  I recommend some Charm School Training!
Called to ask about product availability (just wanted to check if the online information was up to date) 8 minutes later I was still on hold. Absolutely ridiculous.
Crap..... giving two stars only because waitress was helpful. Shrimp is extremely fishy and everyone else's food was bland.
Disgustingly enormous portions. While the food is decent, it is only for the over indulgent. I tried the Man vs Food recommended dish and it is what you'd expect--greasy, cheesy, messy, heart diseasy obnoxious heartburn inducing delicacy.
Great music but limited breakfast/brunch menu. Fun atmosphere but it seems like the service isn't geared for a breakfast/brunch type of crowd. But I'm willing to come back and try out the dinner menu.
Leider so viel Andrang, dass es ein bisschen stressig war bei der Eisbestellung. Aber es war um so leckerer! Der Preis ist in Ordnung und die Portionen sowieso.
Great patio for dining outside. The service was friendly but the music was dreadful.  The Prime Rib special is great.
Ehhhh.... Food was ok, nothing great but also not terrible. The sides of mashed potatoes and mashed potatoes were really good although I wish they would have let me know the mac & cheese had corn and pepper? Chicken sandwich was good but not amazing, tasted basic. The servers though are in need of basic training,
Dive hotel, been to nicer motel 6\nlawn covered in duck droppings - It looks nice on the website so we had friends stay here, big mistake.... don't bother unless  you are getting it for a great deal and don't care
Dan is great, my daughter and I have been training with Dan over a year. I have back and knee issues that flare up sometimes, he is very helpful with trigger point therapy and careful with my training. We are very pleased with our training and will recommend his gym to anyone. We feel very comfortable going there.
Very good like all other dunn's. This one however was a bit lacklustre in regards to service.  The smoked meat was good but a bit greasy and the fries were also a bit too over fried.  It's still a good place for good ol' montreal food.  Recommended.
Ive been coming here for a while but I just had the worst experience never going back, the tamales were under cooked it was disgusting
room is nice, but the hotel itself is pretty boring. Im assuming its for the older crowd.
I have been here for eyebrow waxing. My eyebrows were halfdone. I had to come home and pluck the leftout hair..
A bit pricey, but always tasty and great service. Second time in a row their wine list has been wrong compared to what was served and they didn't offer anything to make this right.
Very disappointed with the food quality. Grilled Onions and mushrooms were not cooked. Burger was dripping oil. I cant believe this is being served to people.
The food is aweful, the service stinks and really the overall atmosphere blows. Hooters was cool 20 years ago, but they should switch it up with a complete overhaul
Positive: great location, free wireless, several very nice baristas.\n\nNegative: 2 outlets (it's no longer cute), wobbly tables , terrible coffee, burnt, low quality, inconsistent. Haven't tried more frou frou drinks. The occasional inexplicably asshole employee.
This place has grown on me... Very tasty. I like it very much. Still font get vegetarian soup, but enjoy nearly everything.
I love this place! Great croissants, soup, and dessert! They are known for their delicious chocolate chip cookies!
A delicious french toast breakfast with a gorgeous view in a beautiful atmosphere.
Update: After visiting Vincent's on Camelback, I can no longer say that this is my favorite place for breakfast. I'm sorry, but Vincent's puts all breakfast/brunch spots to shame! :-D
Service was amazing.
The Crepes were defiantly worth the long line!! The deserts were very good too!! The fresh orange juice was good too! The chocolate fountain was smaller then expected. And you can watch them make the crepes. Was def worth the time and the trip!
Good Station Casino right off the 215 freeway in Henderson. It is a modern casino with good attention to detail. Nice renovated sportsbook. Could use a cafe. Over all the restaurants are ok with Hanks being the best but severly over priced.
Great happy hour. Great food. Great staff. Def a good choice. The Spicy Rock Shrimp App is great.  Gordon Gecko specialty roll is as well.  one of the best for sushi in scottsdale.
This is the best coffee shop in the east valley, hands down. We come in every Sunday for breakfast and love the food, the atmosphere and the people. You have to check it out and support local businesses! Forget Starbucks, they're the Walmart of coffee...
Fish Sandwich good,  Burger single patty not bad. Onion rings. .. Worst in my life,  no joke,  it was like they were fried sat around and refried...Chewy.
Glad we stumbled upon this place. The service was great and so was the food. Perfectly steamed rice and entrees. I had the Korean Beef Ribs. They were cooked perfectly, not over done like most places. We will definitely come here again.
This is for you if you are looking for a spot to work on your laptop for hours in a quiet enough environment.\n\nThe place isn't that clean and the espresso was worse than at any major chain.
WORST FOOD EVER. Don't waste your time. It all tastes like it was soaked in salt and kept in the fridge until you ordered it. So gross.
Loved it! Best French toast ever!
Consistent quality across all locations. Usually buy a dozen cookies to bring home to my family when I'm traveling. \n\nTonight the entire staff is one of the grumpiest I've ever come across. Too bad. Hope they can get it together. No reason to treat people poorly.
Fantastic!\n\nWay away from the strip on Sahara. Seems mostly attended by locals.\nVery small, can get hard to get in sometimes.\nFantastic selection of sushi to choose from, all are very fresh and well prepared.\nGREAT staff. very friendly
Thank you Soho!!!  My favorite on everything.  Food + Ambiance + Service!!!  I loved everything.  The best UNI in town!  The peach sake was fantastic and fruuuuuity!
Been two times to this outdoor oasis on 7th. Great beer selection and a really REALLY cool covered patio area with music and games. Fun place.
I have had one cupcake here, chocolate with peanut butter frosting. As a baker, I can definitely say that the frosting was mostly shortening-not what I expected for the price...the cake was ok, nothing special.
Probably the best teppanyaki tables, and sushi I have found in Green Valley. Prices are good, staff is friendly, It is much bigger inside than it looks from the outside. I will be going back alot. One of my new favorites.
nasty...ghetto...smelly...dirty...trasy...gross...unpleasant...makes you want to puke.....get my point?
OMG OMG OMG OMG! This place is soo awesome. I've been a couple of times and fired an UZI, AK, machine gun and a Tommy and I can't wait to go back. This place made all my firearm fantasies come true.
My husband and I love this place! The food is excellent and the prices are great! We love Megun one of the servers there. She knows us by name and remembers what we drink even though we only eat there maybe once a month. Love this place!
Fresh veggies usually overage from sprouts/fancy stores. This is part of my weekly shopping routine! Just get here early for the best produce!
I love how quick and convenient this place.  Everything that I have had has been so good.  I especially love the creamy white rice!
Just like everything else, prices go up, quality goes down.  This place is definately not the Matta's I grew up with.
Spring Training hot spot!  I have no complaints about this place.  Its a great stadium to catch a game with some friends and enjoy a nice AZ day.  The ticket pricing is great for anyone's budget.  The food and beers are an awesome added bonus!  I can't wait to go back for another game!
Worst service ever. I feel like everyone here has an attitude problem. They don't even greet or thank you. Ugh. I now drive out of my way to avoid this sbux.
Cachitos are delicious, and the owners have created a beautifully designed and immaculate space. I had the guava and cheese cachito, and it was a fantastic combination. If you're looking for something new and different for a light breakfast or lunch, this is a must-visit.
i love tjs there selection of vegies,cheeses,flowers,ect ,ect, ect all at such great prices, and just there over all selection of intresting products, i  am like a kid in a candy store,
Oh my gosh I love this restaurant!!!!! The atmosphere, the service, THE FOOD!!!! Ah man. I eat here twice a week and try something new every time. I highly recommend!!!
I was very satisfied with menu item number 1.  My Cambodian friends really liked some of the other items. Its a very traditional place and big break from the obnoxious other restaurants in Vegas. The bread and sandwiches are excellent and healthy!
I came here because I read that they had a lunch buffet.  When I inquired about it, I was told that they didn't have it anymore.  So I settled for one of their lunch specials...  I got the sweet and sour chicken.  It was pretty lousy.
This store is always busy and full of a lot of rude people. I am so glad that they are buliding a wal.mart closer to home.
Salsa was very good.   The Enchiladas I had were not very good.  Was not at all impressed with the cochinita pibil tacos, they were not like any I have ever had before.
Okay so we got the Adam 12 and the Buddy Holly.  The best milkshakes in the history of everdom!  I am very glad that this place is no where near where I live or my daily caloric intake would be deathening.
The dumbest thing I have ever seen in my life.  Am I missing something here?  I was bored to tears and hated it.  What a waste of time and money...especially in Vegas.\nStupid is an understatement!
Could you maybe consider faster service? This is the slowest and laziest check out I've ever experienced. And it's a weekly experience mind you it's the closest grocery store. I can't count the number of times I've been late because of the poor service.
Hotel quality and room was as advertised.  Modern decor, very clean and new.  We liked escaping from the cigarette smoke, hustle/bustle of the large casino hotels and strip area.  Pool area was perfect for a few hours of relaxation before going out at night.
I have to say this is the most interesting thing i saw in the entire state. Really cool burned brick artwork and Upcycle architecture. I want to build my own castle now.. totally worth the $10 if your looking for a tourist attraction to liven up a road trip...
Rick, has really helped me loose weight and stay motivated.  I highly recommend his boot camp classes
Early lunch, had the combo chicken-steak burrito which was delicious. Served with your choice of beans and Mexican rice and chips with dips. The bean dip was bland while the salsa dip tasted fresh. \n\nAverage experience.
10 flavors and 50 toppings, ok!  I got the cheesecake that is no fat no sugar added and it was devine!! Topped with a little granola and strawberries and it was a no guilt pleasure. We ate outside on a nice warm night.  We will be back!
My future house would be filled with stuff from Cost Plus! This is where I buy my loacker Quadratini too :)
Last time shopping here. Never enough cashiers for the line of people trying to purchase products. Our time is just as important as this company gaining money for their products.
Certainly the best take and bake  Pizza around. We love the ingredients and the thin crust is a healthy option as well. Friendly staff as always. I like it better than any of the other pizza joints around with the exception of Spinatos.
I have been to Kincaid's for business and pleasure and all the times I have gone there, its been fantastic, classy, and delicious. Thumbs up!
Wasn't impressed. Our fish was not fresh. Too expensive for the food they put out. Different and good experience, but not worth the 250 bucks for two people.
Food was great and the service is amazing. Staff is so friendly I would come just because of them! I had the mamas sandwich and it was perfect for lunch. Big portion so I gave half to my coworker and she loved it too. Glad to have found this place!
I'm not even sure where to start.  Horrible!
I don't care how good the food is, if the employees have shitty attitudes then they fail. Someone told me \"They're French; it's part of their of culture.\" That's bullshit.
Service Fry's & Fry's Marketplace FAIR enough.Price............HONEST so. Best for weekly  shopping like me...little but every Friday it got festive look.
Great New Look for $12! I went in for eyebrow threading since I can't wax due to having senstive skin. First time hurt some but the results are worth it! Anita knows how to shape your brows to make you look great. I'll be back in 4 weeks!
I went in this place expecting to be impressed, sad to say I wasn't. The vape tastes like a bunch of chemicals and the flavors were garbage. Not a place I will ever go back to.
Not bad. A little too much chocolate in my Mocha but a welcome break from the endless Starbucks on literally every corner in NYNY
Excellent food.  I had the Gyros meal with hummus and a side salad.  We went for lunch, the service was a little slow but it was worth it in the end.
Update: Dental Studio 101 has moved into new diggs, and with a bigger staff my issues from before have been resolved! The service is always top notch!
One of my regular morning spots, thanks to the reasonable pricing (for DTLV), great staff, and yummy smoothies and juices.
It is good quality food, very nice facility; but how much melted cheese should one eat at one seating?
I think these burgers are overrated. By the time I got done ordering ( the # 1 and a extra cheeseburger) it was $  9.00
Good r-b sticking food, not upscale, but not a dive.  But it's a pub. No I would not take kids there.  Solid alternative to chain restaurants. I had a steak - it was fine, did not care for the cheese infused Texas Toast. Service was nice and friendly.
Food was tasty.  Definitely better than many of the other reviews suggested.  I had the chicken enchilada and chili relleno combination.  2 for 1 special on the combination right now.  Great deal for dinner.
Excellent meal. I had the Mahi Mahi and my wife had the Salmon, which were both awesome! The service was quick and friendly. Looking forward to going back to try something different!
I loved, Loved, LOVED this hotel! They have the biggest bathroom, the biggest suite with full-sized living area, and comfy beds that were perfect for crashing on after a long crazy night out. Also, Bouchon Bakery is located here. Perfection!
Try the Kaya burger. They know how to cook a rarer  burger. The happy hr was pretty good this was the first time we went for that and good selection on IPA's on tap. The bread pudding is really large. The Chips(lots of spices) are good but I like the Fry s
All I can say is RUDE. The customer service is non existent. I was one of two people in the place at 7:30 (they close at 9) and they refused to make a shake. They seemed mad that I even asked. This is after not greeting us for a few minutes while we stood there. Just awful.
Great place to find off the wall stuff and all the 90's music I love. not to mention there is always great children's books that are on sale there for my kids.
My banana bread was stale and I disliked the mocha so much I tossed it.
The wait was ridiculously long and interiors were dirty.  Most of the food we ordered never came out but they kept asking us if we wanted their dynamite.  I don't understand why so many people were raving about it or maybe it was just that one time on Christmas Eve....?
So the owner is a great guy but it's to bad your staff is rude when your not there.
Seems to be going downhill. Staff not cheerful or helpful. Have stayed here before, but will go elsewhere. South Point is cleaner and better value for example.
Employees are always friendly and nice. The food is always outstanding. Canoli's are amazing. Lol#
Wow best Mexican food so far. I live out in surprise and it's not to far. Food is amazing. Staff is so friendly. This is our new place!
I love this place! It can seem overwhelming the first time since they offer so many choices, but they are so nice and incredibly helpful that they make it super-easy. Everyone that I've taken there has loved it. Highly recommend!!!
When over the phone help is not enough.
Personalized attention, zombie makeup advice, staff had detailed product knowledge.  A+ :)
What drives me here...location.  Their breakfast is ok however their dinner options are way better.  What I dislike most about the place is that you have to get up and pick up your meal at the front counter (typical during breakfast and possibly lunch times).  On weekends there is a huge bottleneck when ordering....
I liked that you can sample various items before ordering.  Loved the dish I ordered, but now have to go back again to order the rest!
New to the Charlotte area and i was beyond impressed with the restaurant super service and a great wine selection! I do agree its a little spendy however for a nice night out on the town its a great spot!!!
Having spent a lot of time in wickenburg and seeing restaurants come and go, this has to be the best restaurant in recent memory. Great remodeled interior with plenty of private spaces, delicious food, and friendly service. Next time I visit the area, this is going to be my go-to grub hub.
Love the MacShack. The have wheat and gluten free pasta as well. Yum yum yum
Very nice staff. 25% goes to someones dream. They clap for you if it's your 1st time. Ice Cream tastes great!! Good price! Coming again before I go home!
I did really like this place, but the last two times I tried to go there for lunch before shopping at the Waterfront, they were closed. They've reduced their hours so much they might as well give up. I won't even try again.
Just wanted a place to watch the games. Customer service is not as attentive as I would like but not a bad place to grab a couple drinks and watch the games. Food isnt too great average bar food. Probably will not come here that often.
Best breakfast in Scottsdale by far. Reasonably priced too. Servers really good. Creative choices, not just the usual here. Yes, it was pretty noisy but the food, prices and friendly staff make it worth the noise.
The food and service at BLT Burger is great. They were able to accomodate our group of 9 promptly on a Saturday night. Everyone loved their burgers/fries/shakes. As a vegetarian, I ordered a salad which was also delicious! I would definitely go back.
I have been coming here to get my hair done for the last few months, and I will never go anywhere else! Lynette is the master stylist and she is phenomenal! She always does so well with color and cuts! :-) :-) :-) I've never been happier with my hair!
Great location and I can always find what I'm looking for at this store where I can't at some of the others in the area.  Only reason I didn't give them a 5 was I find it hard to find help when I'm in the store.
A little hard to find... It's located in the outlet center. This is by far the best sushi all you can eat buffet in Vegas. All the seafood was fresh and we didn't even need soy sauce on our sushi... Fantastic! I will return!
Damn good dogs and cold beer. What's not to like.
For the guys its a little depressing.  Occasionally I can find a decent pair of pants there on the cheap. \n\nddc
How this place gets such good reviews is beyond me. Food is bland and tasteless. Service is average at best. The place wasn't even clean. Chinese food is better even in the Midwest than it is at this place. To each his own I guess.
This is how you do business right.\nNice place, great food and drink, knowledgable and energetic staff, and consistency.\nKeep it up guys this is why you are always full.
Chicken Katsu was terrible. It was extremely fatty and tough.
Great atmosphere and location, but the food is sad, just sad. Won't be coming back. It's fine if you want to enjoy a few beers by the water, but don't come hungry.
This Post Office is okay.  No automated machines.  Huge parking lot.  Located near a Food Lion,Goodwill,and a Hess gas station.  The employees are decent and somewhat polite.  If you don't feel like waiting in a huge line then this would be the Post Office to drive too.
was a regular for a while. Over time found the friendliness from the staff to be a bit of an act. Zombie hipsters. Long wait.
Do not go here to watch a game if you're a seahawks fan. Paid 300.00 to see a game and was kicked out for using a bad word after being cussed out and things throw at me from a cards fan. So ridiculous!!!
Have been here twice for a haircut and I'm thrilled to say I have found a great place and a great stylist, Lacey!   I am so happy that someone finally knows how to cut my hair. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
Love this place! It's a little bit of home. The service is always friendly as well as the owner. And their mofongo with shrimp is amazing!  Would go more often if it was closer.
Jasmine was a perfect choice for a light supper after a show. Ringside seats for fountains was a bonus. Two of us shared a delicate won ton soup, an assortment of delicious steamed won tons followed by their signature chicken, asparagus ginger rice. Everything was delicious and service was outstanding
The sushi was mixed. Tasted and looked fresh, but somewhat mediocre presentation. Spicy and eel sauces were mediocre, but eel was good.
nice and small family run restaurant with great food you can eat in or they have fast delivery everything we tried has been really good and with enough leftover for another meal
I've only been to this location once, but it was a good experience. We went to get a free birthday ice cream cone for my son. He was thrilled about the ice cream (what 3-year-old isn't?) and gobbled it up. I love their chocolate fudge ice cream.
We called multiple times to make a reservation and they never answered the phone. When we finally called the Botanical garden offices they said they never answer. When we got here they told us they couldn't seat us for four hours and we should have called for a reservation.
Great food, good deals, amazing beer. Be sure to come early on trivia nights (Tu, Sa, Su)
NYC prices without the taste of new York.
Great place. the drinks are pricy but the view is outstanding. You can rent the beds or cabanas with bottle service. you need to bring your license if you want to charge to your room. Also bring cash. you can gamble right in the pool at the black jack tables. So cool
Very disappointed after reading the great reviews!  Pizza had no flavor at all!!!  I would much rather spend the money at La Piazza in Glendale and now in  Downtown Phoenix!!
Great signature cocktails and a nice wine selection.The food is basic fare with salads, sandwiches, burgers and pizza.  I wish the food was a little more upscale to go with the beverage selection.
Offers an affordable lunch, which is welcomed while in LV. \n\nWe each had wraps that were under $10 each, and the only downfall really was that they were filled mostly with lettuce. But hey, it was a cheap price, and was tasty all the same.
This place gets really busy on a friday night so plan ahead if you want to eat here (make reservations).  We were sitted in the bar area had a couple of really good drinks and sushi.  Overall it was good, the atmosphere was just a bit too crowded for me so it lacked in comfort.
Sometimes, you just need a good Taqueria, and this place really hit the spot!!! The nachos and coctel camaron were especially tasty!
Phenomenal view!\n\nGreat experience. Dover sole good but the truffles potato mash was incredible. I also loved the music selection and great eclectic drinks. \n\nDefinitely one of best restaurants in the city.
I liked the restaurant and service but my food was not cooked right which made me sad. I had a filet minion and lobster tail but my steak was overcooked. I didnt like that the sides were al la carte as well.
Food is good, atmosphere is good, service is usually terrible.  Every time I have come I have waited and waited for my server.  It's very annoying.  I keep hoping it will improve cause it's close to where I live but every time it's a waste of time.
Del Rey on McKellips did fine work on my dry cleaning order. I will recommend them to friends & family. The clothing didn't have the horrible smell from the process, and they were actually clean! Very cheerful business - I like them a lot ! Good prices too.
Update: To this day no one has responded to my numerous requests that they correct their errors on my medical file!
i love this hotel.  its first class all the way.  the pool area is the place to be during a warm summer day.  the layouts of the room are functionally pleasing. also, the shopping mall makes it conveniently easy for me to spend the money i just won.  so yes, i'd definitely stay here again.
I've never stayed here but man do I want to. This place is beautiful.  This is on my list of places to stay.
Overpriced, had way better at half the cost. Not a place I would ever frequent.
Kick ass breakfast place.  Friendly efficeint staff serve up tasty fresh food!
I stumbled across this place as I was going to the bank. It's a small little place where you go up to the window and order. You can't go inside to sit and they have 3 small little tables outside. I got  their BBQ ranch salad. The salad was ok and reasonably priced.
Nice spot for a quick bite before going to see Zumanity! The pizza was hot and fresh and the slice was huge! \n\nI haven't been to the real NYC yet but I imagine this is similar to what they have there and for me I really enjoyed the pizza!
Not a big fan of the sauce. Too light. Almost like a sweet and sour taste :/. But they do give you a lot of pork. The mac n cheese was really good though!
Yummy for my tummy.. Very classy, delicious and fast. I called three days before my event for a last minute cake and they pulled through with a delicious beautiful product. Bravo
Excellent breakfast special from 6am- noon. Ten bucks gets you some your choice of four items (veggie frittata, scrambled eggs, pancakes, bacon, oatmeal), plus toast and coffee. A great quick stop. Also, their pizzas happen to look pretty damn good, too.
Their eggplant parmesan was BOMB DOT COM. I also had a cup of the cappuccino and really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is really neat because you are eating in a grocery store. Love it.
Had Cuban sushi, mussles and the mignon... all three were perfect and fresh.
Very upset with the police force, they pulled me over without probable cause i got arrested had to go to court charges dropped but still had to deal with bailbonds and the fact that i spent 10 hours in jail on some bs makes me very mad. i would not recommend using there services.
I found the food terrible. The food was very bland, dry and left you wanting something else. Nothing Korean or Mexican about it....\nI expected great flavor from a fusion place. The dining area is also somewhat dirty.
Food was decent but pricey, the restaurant itself was pretty awesome. I don't remember the exact entree I got but I do remember it being pretty good. Nice place to check out at least once.
Worst bowl of tortilla soup EVER.  Smallest, most expensive tacos EVER!\n\nSeriously, why not just go to Taco Bell?  You'll be just as satisfied, with more money left in your wallet.
Great protein shakes and I love their dinners.  They are always fresh every night and I like the fact that they are not a huge chain. Good stuff and its always a fair price.
Good food,great price.....the only problem is communication as they barely speak any english so the orders get messed up a lot, the employees are very nice but the owner is a very angry man.
BBQ is BBQ- This is a chain and that is what you get. It is always good and never have to wait for a seat. Great place to go with  family and the servers are all awesome!
I've been here twice (because after my first time I didn't want to go back but decided to give it another try). Both times they were slow behind the counter (trying to be like a Chipotle) and the food was just not enjoyable at all. Would rather go to Chipotle or Qdoba.
This place is kind of boring and reminds me of an average mall.  A few years ago I had the buffet on Easter and it was really good.
Great food!  We enjoyed a cheese plate, the NY strip and filet mignon, potatoes gratin, mushrooms, as well as a bottle of wine and cheesecake. Everything was delicious!  It is pricy and I wasn't that impressed with the \"switch\" but it was entertaining.
we tried fillet and chicken kabobs. the food was good and the service was great. it is not a high-end Persian restaurant/food, but considering price it's a great experience . we will definitely go back.
I love pita, hummus, Mediterranean food and was anxious to try this place. What a huge disappointment. Dressing was over spiced, just burned. Pita was bland. \n\nGlad to see stable something in Town & Country.
Love love love their Pupusas!! I live down the street and used to make my husband bring some home for me when I was pregnant! I love their curtido y salsa de tomate. My husband loves their carne con yuca!
Went last two nights food drinks are great, the place is nice and clean, chips and salsu were good but the main dishes were not so good. Over cooked dry chicken, the sauces we good but not consistent.
La Banquise ne sert pas la meilleure poutine mais au moins, ce restaurant est ouvert 24/24! \nA not\u00e9, la petite poutine est d\u00e9j\u00e0 \u00e9norme !
I love this place! The food was great and the service was awesome it's in a great location.
Review is about line.  REALLY? There are over 20 in line (groups, not just individuals) yet you only have two people working.  Something is not right.
Yummy sushi and the location is super cute. Go when the weather is nice and they open the place up. Loved it.
We were almost turned off by the cold and unwelcoming hostess but after pushing passed that we had an incredible dining experience. 9.3 out of 10 on the food. 9 out of 10 on the staff excluding the hostitute at the front door who gets a giant goose egg.
This place is alright. I came here on a Friday night with a group of friends.  We ordered a pizza and soft pretzels, which were good.  Service was pretty slow though.  There appeared to be only one server.
I was worried when I walked in because of the cheesy decor you might find in a chain.  \nThis place is pretty good- I am a spicy addict.  However, with so many other great Mexican choices in the area, It may be a while before I go back.
What else is there to be said about Babycakes Cafe that hasn't been said in previous reviews? Sorry but I have to join in with the other Yelpers and just say... order the Red Velvet Pancakes. So. Good! :)
Kicking it up a star because draaaanks are cheap, service it bomb and food is consistently tay-hay-sty.
The best buffalo chicken wings in town! Who could have imagined that a fish place would have amazing wings. They bake them first and then flash fry them. You gotta try them :-)
Great food! Ate at the restaurant and took food home for later! I read a lot about people loving the crazy potato but I wasn't that impressed with it. Carne Asada tacos were the best though. Definitely will go back.
Terrible food. Pretentious service. Stale bread brought to table. Mole was grainy and tasteless. On the upside, great tequila selection! At least you can get loaded and pretend the dinner you just waited too long for and paid too much for was worth it.
Pretty decent airport.  Rocking chairs everywhere giving a quaint look. Pretty laid back and people are nice.
Great service, beautiful building! So grateful to have a subway in Vistancia!
Gross. This place has bugs and flies everywhere. I wish we just got up and left but we ended up getting oysters and soup and I probably could have just heated up canned soup. Not good.
You never need to go anywhere for anything ever again!  (Except food; can't get food here.)
Very busy but very efficient service. Banana Nut Muffins as good as everybody says. Great omelet. Would definitely go back.
They didnt help me with my speeding ticket. They took my $100. They didnt explain me anything and cant get a straight them. I had to call the court to get a clarification and straight answer. Dont waste your hundred dollars. They will not help you and will not return your calls.
Love this place!  The masa in these tamales are delicious!  You can't go wrong with any you choose. The beef however, is my favorite!  The only complaint is that they only have one type of salsa and it's nuclear!!  Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area.
2.50 transaction ATM fee. Come on. FCUs are supposed to stick together. Oh wait. This is vegas.
This place has gone downhill over the past year or so.  I was really disappointed with the service and quality of the food.  I would rather go to BWW for good wings.  Waited forever for beer.  Used to be a great after work stop, now not so much.
The food here is good, the location choice, but the service on the other hand is Neither. Rude waiters ruin the experience,-- Ruthann did so for us.
Lived here for more than a year now. Clean and well taken care of. Staff is friendly and attentive to your needs.
Enjoyed a really nice meal here. The gnocchi is excellent. Fettuccine Alfredo is really good. For dessert try the tirimisu. They have an extensive wine list and the staff is very knowledgeable about the wines they sell. If you are not sure ask for a recommendation.
This restaurant features a modern, pleasing decor, impressive cleanness, and good food. The sushi prices are the norm, have no idea why people are complaining about it.\n\nRainbow Roll had fresh sashimi. The Pork Katsu & BBQ Ribs were also tasty.
Great food.  Friendly staff. Like\"Cheers\", with good food and the pleasure of not having to look at Shelley Long.
First time here... Ordered oysters, 15 @ $1.00 a piece, crab cakes, and blue crabs... I'll let you know later....
Great food and great service. The sushi chefs are some of the best in town. They are the only place that we are aware of that carries Homare Strawberry Nigori Sake, its the best! Open till 2am. The sushi is great quality and very consistent..
Okay... so they do have Haribo Roulettes! Yay! I just went when they were out of stock was all. Now I can roll out the gummy fruit goodness like I did as a child standing outside a candy truck.
This is a really cute coffee shop, I love coming here for bible study. My friends and I sit outdoors, the patio area is beautiful and the misters make it bearable to sit out in this heat. The baristas were kind as well. I would come back here for sure.
Our favorite restaurant downtown! Simplicity in presentation and environment, out of this world food!
Excellent food. Got crab puffs (tasted like east coast style), spider roll, and drunken shrimp. Was more than enough for my husband and I. We didn't get any beer but they had an excellent craft selection. Fair price and great food with good service.
I always get the #1 and spring rolls sooo gooood and cheap
Still my favorite Montreal Restaurant after so many years.\nGreat food and ambiance, wonderful friendly service. It is a bit pricey, but I think that it is well worth it.\nGianni is always very accommodating and makes you feel like every client is important.
i love everything here!!! i tried the hot lunch area, so good! can't wait to go back
OMG this place is so amazing, the food is so delicious, and the price for the portion and the quality is totally worth it. The staff are very friendly. I m so happy we finally have a great tonkatsu place like this in Vegas
I liked my first stylist but then he became paranoid that gang members were stalking him. My second stylist told me to join the Freemasons. Can't this place hire some normal people?
Definitely worth the money. Not the best of atmospheres.
Well,  I went there 15minutes before closing. . so I can't give a full review.  but Overall the atmosphere seemed nice and the few people that I saw were nice and friendly.   I'd have to go back during the peak time..
Service was very slow & the place was almost empty. Sent back cold fries & medium burger was very over cooked. For the price, very disappointing!
Rumjungle's owner is a cross between Mel Gibson and Siegfried & Roy minus the Roy.  He's the man around vegas, everyone knows him and treat's him special. I hung out with him on different occasions, he's a nice guy but his club sucks.
Less than five miles from the Strip is Green Valley and a selection of very good restaurants.  During a trade show we needed a casual place for a cold beer and some food.  Lucille's filled the bill.  Now, you will not think that you died and went to New Orleans - but for southern food in the desert southwest this is OK.
Best Mexican food I have ever had in my life. Is it odd to say it is better than the food in Mexico? Take a trip to Lulu's and you will not be disappointed. Their beans are top notch and I love their shrimp plate. Enjoy!
Most expensive fabric in the valley, minimal hours, rude staff, and located in an unsafe area.
YUM. Great burgers. Also, they have Cherry soda, and Malt vinegar. That's amazing.
The place to go in Vegas when you're tired of \"Vegas\".  Two words: Fireside Lounge. All that and Reno, too!
We love this place but the service is terrible for a holiday. It's St. Patrick's and you'd expect the bar to be staffed up. Took 45 min to get food and rude kitchen staff.
Ok, I get it. Woodman's is cheap. Still, it's not worth the filth and the long lines. I want my groceries from a clean establishment.\n\nSee you at Cub.
Probably the best Gyros on the west side. They are a bit pricier than most other similar places, but it is worth the extra $1.50 for better flavor. I almost always stop by when I'm in the area.
I think $40 is too much to pay for a lip and lopsided eyebrow wax. Telling me I have oily skin (duh!) also not a value add. Oh well...
went for the Passover service and dinner - - a little expensive at $65 plus 20% service charge.  Good service, but the food was not very good.  Would not recommend this at all.
Fathers Day brunch was very disappointing.  And was also doubled in price from their regular buffet prices.  When we got there the prime rub was gone, nobody asked us for drinks.  I won't be back.
This place is over HYPED, the pizza was ok NOT great. If you're looking for a place to sit and chill out , it's a good spot to do just that.
Bloody Mary's rate no stars. Appetizers were good but repeated attempts to get steak right failed. Server was busy but attentive. Loved the live music. Go for the atmosphere. Loved the open patio over Fremont Street.
Very overpriced Asian food at the MGM Grand on the Strip. Worse, the quality of the food was entirely average. By my standards, a disappointment. If I'm going to pay double what the food is worth, it should be at least as good as most restaurants of the same type, not inferior.
The flamingo buffet was truly awful. It costs 26 dollars and isn't worth the price. Most of the dishes were cold and tasted like shit. Some of the fruit was rotten and it's a poor selection. Don't waste 26 dollars, harrahs buffet is the same price and 10 times better.
The pizza is probably 4 star but they can be pretty rude at times.
Staff is nice enough but EVERY TIME I come here it over an hour wait and the doc has the bedside manners of a turnip.
Very poor food quality. Veal tasted like cold boxed foods. This place use to be great but no longer. Good STAFF and great view. Go for a drink but avoid the food.
Shittiest korean restaurant ive been to in my life. Way overpriced. Small ass portions. Bathroom smells like puke. Side dishes smell old. Workers don't do anything.
Just didn't have any fun here and I don't think I saw one person smiling the whole time I was here...bartenders included.
I'd give this a 0 if I could. Food here is old, dry and bland. I was afraid to try anything. If it looks bad coming out, what the heck does the kitchen look like? Don't waste your money here.
Best service I've literally EVER had. You MUST check this place out!!!! And GET THE FAJITAS!!!!
Sorry, but I've been to this store in the past and although the assortment is beautiful, it is too pricey. Repairs are super pricey! I would recommend N&R gold and Silver across the street next to Micheal's, they're much less expensive.
I'm a fan! Great alternative in way of faster and a healthier food choice. The service is relatively fast.
Good food, service not so much. Server sheri was too busy to give any great customer service...knowing our party was of 5 didn't help her efforts since she automatically received a tip. And cash only here- with all these negative factors, I'll get good food elsewhere.
Try the AMAZING mini cheese cakes!!!....Crumbles are really good as well!
Hard to get too detailed about a Wal Mart, but I have to say this is one of the worst ones.  The store is about the same as every other Wal Mart I've been too, but the lines to check out are insane!  Open more registers!
This is my new favorite place for lunch in C-U. Good selection of sandwiches/salads/soups, reasonable prices, plenty of tables, and a nice atmosphere. It feels more grown up than most of your other lunch options, but the food is ready super fast. A number of veggie selections, and the desserts look amazing.
Good yummy healthy vegan food!
What Happened? The food was always ok.Not anymore.Grizzly HOT RB sammyold gravy and soggy fries.Back to RTO's on Stapley,its worth the ride.
Worst salsa I have ever tasted. They also would not modify the menu to fit my request. What kind of place doesn't modify a menu for a customer. I will not return!
Creepiest place ever. Didnt even get out of my car after a group of shady people started staring at my in the parking lot. Don't go here.
I don't go to Chinatown or Spring Mountain for Chinese Food here in Las Vegas. I only go to Diamond Chinese in Industrial. It's been there for years. It was good then, and it's still good now. It's a little hole in the wall, but isn't that always the best ones?....
This is one of those places that I can spend an hour in and not even notice it. I like walking in and looking at everything. They have so many unique and delicious things in the store.  I may walk in for one item but will always leave with a ton
I've had two tattoos done from there. It's an okay place. One guy messed up one of my tats and went too deep and it blew out. They are not too good on custom work.
Well, this place is good.  The food is kind of that outdated tropical fare and lacks any sort of innovation.  The atmosphere has that TGI fridays chain feeling to it, but instead of shit on the walls its upscale tropical.\n\nI wouldnt really go back unless i was invited by someone else.
Went here for late Christmas Eve dinner (10:30pm). The food service and delivery time are not good.   Also, there late night food price is pretty high too
Worst Chinese food ever - bland and tasteless. Had delivery but was missing egg rolls. When I informed them of it they argued with me! The bbq was the only item with flavor but the meat was way too fatty to the point of being gross. Do not recommend this place. A frozen dinner has more appeal.
busy day not only with the festival outside but the football game as well but but even if causal as best there is a way to provide a good experience to the guest .. I'll be back to dine , round two should be interesting
My bros and I stopped by here during our vacation in June and it was the best breakfast we ate in town(better than on the strip)!! The managers were really down to earth and stopped to have a nice convo with some of us cool guys from the Chi. Must see spot!
awesome food at great prices! open sooooo late, like chinatown!
Good tasting thai food, but the portion sizes are ridiculous for the price. Waiter was very nice and attentive. Overall, I'm glad I tried this place, but I won't be returning. (:
I just had their Ribs and Potato Salad.  It was very delicious.  I went with all my co-workers and we each got something different.  We all enjoyed everything.  Beef brisket, pulled pork, cole slaw, etc.  Reasonably priced for a pound of meat and a side.
Very, very poor service.  Mediocre food.  Will not be going back.  Definitely do not recommend.
I don't care if it is good or it bites.  I've been waiting 45 min since ordering with no food served in a restaurant with only 4 of 25 tables occupied.  Never again
Owners are great people and they do a fantastic job of taking care of the customer. My kids and I love their yogurt. I always end up with the carob chips and chocolate. Very delicious!
This \"newspaper\", if you can call it that, is absolutely awful. Articles from this paper are full of  inaccurate statements and the paper's editors are absolutely ridiculous. Very low-quality journalism. Truly, you would be far better off reading basically any other paper about events in Las Vegas or just any other paper in general.
Was good no humble pie on the menue\npizza was very good
Never would I go to a place again where they have guys walking around in tshirts that say \"Alcohol Control\"
I would be happier if Anytime Fitness had a wider array of equipment or even had classes in yoga or aerobics, but the price for 24 Hour access is pretty great.
Huge sandwich, loved it!
I came here twice yesterday.  Once to meet my friend for lunch and later between classes to play chess.  Mac and cheese was creamy and good.  The customers are also really friendly, a group
Hot bartender! Good food! Great atmosphere!
Fast and nice to work with!\n\nEveryone here has been so pleasant to work with for all of my at-home projects. I haven't used Copies at Carson for anything professional - but lots of sticker and postcard making! They also print photos.
The ribs are okay, but the ambiance is lacking and not in a kitschy hip way, but in a you're gonna get robbed way.
I just ordered Large cheese pizza and wings. the pizza it pretty good but the wings are Awesome. Can't wait for the next time I eats those wings! fast delivery,
Came here for breakfast. The service was slow. It took 15 minutes before the waiter came to take down order. The portion is very small for the price. Grand lux is a better choice for breakfast.
Love this place! There are so many flavors it can be hard to choose, I suggest working your way thru the selection. My fav's are Loaded Baked Potato and Dill Pickle. The ownership is friendly and generous, I have always had a pleasant experience there.
I was driving to Henderson to get Grimaldi's and now there is one on this side of town. Henderson is apparently another state to people in Las Vegas, it is unfathomable that one would ever go that far away for anything.  Well Grimaldi's is so good it was worth the trip!
This was my first time calling and i placed an order for delivery for a 14 inch with 12 wings and a 2 liter soda for $20. The guy said it will be about an hour wait they they came to my door in 35 min. The pizza and wings were yum! I was very pleased with the service. They got themselves a new customer!
A great menu, in both english and french. If you like Cora styled breakfasts...you must visit for a hearty, family styled  breakfast!
I went here and Br\u00fblerie St-Denis has been replaced by a Hunan restaurant. Was pretty upset after walking from the Marriot-Courtyard Hotel on Levesque. Why is this still on Yelp?
A faithful interpretation of the San Francisco burrito style, but nothing overly amazing goes on here. Plus for having whole wheat tortillas, brown rice and Veggie options.
Our chef George was awesome and fast. I was disappointed by Michael the manager because he said on the phone he has yum yum sauce and we drove a while to get here and found out by George they don't have it. I won't be back though. I had better quality in Chicago. The service was slow too.
I love this place...the shredded beef has been freshly prepared every time I go, the hardshell tacos are not the healthiest, but who eats Mexican for the health food! Love the hot sauce, love the place!
This place is okay. The food is nothing to write home about, especially if you're looking for a really Philly cheesesteak or some NY style pizza. There are better places to grub less than 100 feet away.  However, if you're craving what they're selling it's edible and at a decent price.
Helpful staff....thanks, Manuel. Quiet haven, inexpensive meal. But, dammit, a marguerite pizza is NOT supposed to have sauce on it. Hence the three stars.
The meatloaf sandwich is astounding.  Not a bad little Irish bar, but some of the food is incredible.
This place is a complete joke! Expensive drinks and lame management who tries to control the way people dress and actually they hunt u down and force into buy the watered down drinks which is tacky to me. Vegas needs to do better the clubs in this circle are a complete joke!
The smoke,  can't escape it in Pittsburgh. This bar was a little scary. Not the bartender or its patrons but the bar it's self was scary.
I stopped eating red meat for a while.  Decided to get a burger because I was starving and it sounded good at the time (cause I was drunk!).  Lo and behold, Fatburger carry's Trukey Burgers!  YEAH!  Had 3 over a three day period.  Loved it!!!!
Great food and service! The owner actually goes around and makes sure that everyone is satisfied! We ate at a few buffets but this definitely surpasses them! Best we had out here on this trip :-)
The best in the Las Vegas. I dream about the pastrami sandwich from here. fresh marble rye. Also try the italian tripe soup. all the mozzarella is made fresh by mom. This is the super secret spot in Vegas.
If I could give negative i would,  frozen salty crab legs, cold food, not a single good thing I can say about this buffet, waste of 30$ per person, within 30 min of eating I'm trying to keep it down but sadly loosing the fight
The ambiance was wonderful and the festive party-like atmosphere ensured a good time for all of us. The cuisine was extremely salty on several dishes. (This tends to be a problem all over Vegas.) Please fix that one major flaw and you are up-ed to an instant 4 stars.
Very good selection but very poor customer service. It's like going to the DMV, where you have all these workers, yet only one is at the register.
Its like a Trip Around the World!!!!\nIm stuffed for days after this one.\n\nTIP: DONT COME HERE HIGH.. might seem like the greatest idea ever...but its not... YOU'LL DIE!!!
This place made me feel like I smoked two packs a day while just passing through. The air is so thick you can actually see it. The clientele didn't inspire much confidence either. I felt like a victim-waiting-to-happen.
Don't even waste your time or gas it's a total rip off. not to mention the man who owns this Mr. Jim Rhodes is a crook.  If I could give it negative stars I would.
The rooms are huge with full kitchens. The staff is friendly and helpful. The gym is big and really nice. The spa is great with good deals on massages. Definitely a great hotel!
For the first time ever, I fell asleep during a massage. Colleen did a fantastic job of keeping me relaxed as she was digging out some nasty knots. Throughout the whole time I was at ease. I came out feeling more refreshed than I had been in a while. If I visit Charlotte again, this will be my first stop.
Hooters meets Renaissance Faire.  Yeah, that's about it.  The group that brought me loves the place, so I'm sure it has its good points but it's not for me.
As usual food and service is great! Our 16 yr old son could not even finish the eye opener!  The portions are huge and the quality doesn't waiver!  Enjoy!!
Service was great.  Got a hawaian pizza which was no that great.  Broccli soup was delicious.  Overall would say place is so so.
The tropicana is coming on up, the hotel is doing a lot of work to promote and clean up the exteriors to make it more lively.
Great quick lunch and you can't beat the prices!
Had a little bit of most of the food. Everything we had was good at a good price. Service was good too. With the variety  of items no way your not going to get your money's worth.
Good pizza, nice place & the owner was very accommodating. I'm a fan.
I think i might expected too much from friend's and people's comment, the food is good, but not like 5 star great. The ambiance is great! Love to dine surrounded by 165million worth of Picasso Art.....
Let me start by saying: Lupie's makes the best chili on Earth. \n\nThey also have fantastic veggie plate, as well as burgers and meatloaf.\n\nYou can generally get out for under $12.\n\nI HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.
Food was overpriced, but good. If you like loud heavy metal music,  this is the place to go. I ask them to turn the music down, but they said they couldn't , well, I couldn't go back. I was a nervous wreck before I was done eating my food.
I had some issues with Cox years ago but I stuck with them. The last couple times that I went in there I had great experiences. They worked with me to lower my bill and were quick and helpful. I'll give 'em some props for that.
This is the best pizza in town!! Go for a drive it's worth it.
When I purchase my next car this is where I will take it. I have seen their work at shows and conventions and it is some of the best I have seen. One of our neighboring businesses has a Mini parked out front done by this shop a few years ago and it still looks new.
We love this place! The food is always amazing and so is the service. My favorite egg place for sure. We go on off days as it does get crowded on the weekends.
Dim sum was ok...hot tea cup is there for each plate...they will charge u all even if one person drinks!
EEEK! Love this place!!
Ridiculously long line for just an \"average\" buffet. Price was ok, food was nothing to brag about. Would not come back.
Tonight was great. I had a calzone, pepperoni and olive,  Coppola Zinfandel, the wife had a pizza with nice and hot jalapenos. The staff was nice, so much that we made comments to each other about the quality.
The worst Salmon I've ever had. The service was garbage. The restaurant was dirty and again... the worst Salmon I've ever had. I've been to my share of Hard Rock Cafe's so, for food, service, cleanliness.. I'll have to give two thumbs down in a 360 rotation.
Great food. I have never been disappointed.
They have the best Pastilla au poulet in Montreal. Eating here is like having a good friend take you home and getting his family cook their favorite meal for you. Great place. Staff is friendly and the food is impressive.
This was my first time eating at this restaurant. I ordered the shrimp taco and it was ABSOLUTELY horrible!! The shrimp were soooo small, I couldn't even taste them. There was so much cabbage, I thought I was eating a cabbage taco instead of a shrimp taco.
This place is great, unfortunately I have no time to actually sit there and eat but I get my lunch delivered. I'm within walking distance and the food shows up fast, usually within 15 min. Thank you guys!!
Microwaved veggie burger. The place smelled like a wet kitchen floor...not a clean one, either.
I don't live here but I know good. Fresh. Handmade pizza and this joint delivers!  I'm sure if I were a regular and knew the menu better I'd give them 5 stars. Enjoy
VERY DISAPPOINTED!!! RUDE SERVICE AND VERY DISORGANIZED. Leagues did not start for 2 hours and they would not let 2 little kids play for an hour. Very rude service at the front desk. Would not recommend.
Called to make a reservation, was put on hold for 5 mins then the woman who picked up asked me what time I was looking for, was rude and spoke over me when I was asking for a reservation for a certain time then told me to hold again. That pretty much ruined my experience.
After reading the reviews for this place me and my roommate decided to stop by for lunch. The lunch specials are priced very nicely (6 bucks) and the portions are filling. The service was choppy but the woman had her hands full with her baby girl. I would come back.
Do not back up there recommended service providers. We bought a washer from them a year back which was installed incorrectly by an installer they sent. Caused major flooding and they refused to take any responsibility for it. After several lawyers letters we finally got them to admit fault and pay us what they owed.
not as good as other places with mangonadas, but stll a authentic spot for that sweet fruit and flavor
Horrible service!! Went there and took 40 mins for us to find out who our server was. Ended up leaving before we even ordered. Go to any other place in town square or youll waste your time.
I been coming here since it opened 2005  I think I have got to know everyone well like family Michael is a great guy and Michael Frey is a great person great owner makes u feel like ur home the cigars and drinks are great I love this place I wish we had one back at home thank u Casa for the great times and service
Very quick in & out service. They gave me a fair trade in value for my 96 Honda Accord and gave me a deal for a fully loaded 2008 Ford Escape for over $4000 less than the same vehicle with more miles seen at a Ford dealership. The only problem with it has been normal wear and tear parts.
Came in here to get a game last week for a gift. Didn't notice the prices being any less than a big store. They did have a lot of older and used games if that's what your into.
I can't believe I live nearby and wasn't aware of this place. It has a lovely atmosphere and delicious food. - A great place to meet with friends, have a glass of wine and chat. Sitting near/ the views by the water makes it feel as if you are no longer in Las Vegas.
Big fan of Fired Pie and the separated at birth MyPie.  I'm glad Fired just opened one 15 miles closer to us.  Lots of great toppings and crisp lavosh style crust.
Good food, I highly recommend the ribs, Service was great also, we went when busy, still good service. Came back for a breakfast burrito, also great. Need a little help on their Scotch selection, but you can't have everything. Prices were very reasonable also.
Delicious and friendly!
I love Britney too but the sound was awful to me. The music was louder than the singing.  The sets were beautiful and unique but I would not personally recommended this concert/show. Strangely enough when I told people around here I was going to see the show no one said anything other than it was just \"Okay.\"
It was amazing!  We did their special valentines night pre-fix menu along with wine!!!!
I love Egg Works! I come here s couple of times a month. The food is always delicious and fast :) The service is great,  friendly and courteous :) Today our server was Brandt. He recommended some good additions to my meal, was attentive and friendly. All in all, another great experience at Egg Works :)
police report filed on truck driver!!!!!!!!stay away from this company they towed my car to the wrong location and stole my personal belongings they are incompetent thiefs they need to be put out of business i have filed a police report on the tow truck driver
My hubby and I went here tonight for dinner and it was wonderful! Good food, great service,  and fun belly dancer show. We will def be going back!!!
Food, service, interior, mostly everything about this restaurant was speculator.
Sushi is fine - a little too much rice, but it is okay.  \n\nService is good, but the parking situation is AWFUL.  \n\nI would go back... but not in my top few places.
Have been going back and I love this place. More ppl should come out. Have had the pastrami burger, avocado burger and bacon cheeseburger. All very good and their wait time at the drive thru has shortened considerably. Make the drive or stop by. Way better than InAndOut.
Ate breakfast on a Saturday morning. The drive-thru was crazy busy! \n\nWe went inside, and got our food quickly and efficiently. Quality was good, and the lobby was clean. As good as it gets for McDonald's grub!
I took out of town guest there last month. Total embarrassment. The salmon was dry. The fish and chips was so small I thought it was a child's serving. I would never go again!
Terrible customer service. High prices. Careless employees inside and out. I won't be back!
We had a lot of fun at this restaurant. The food was great, our waiter was very nice and the restaurant had a lot of theme going on to make it stand out. I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.
First time here and we ordered thw Bento Box and it was delicious. Place was great, service is excellent. Highly recommendable when youre in town.
I was unable to get a room at the big hotels for New Years Eve.  This dump had the nerve to charge almost $200.00 a night for a crapy, dirty room.  I spent as little time as possible in the room.  YUCK!
Always a lot of games and plenty of people constantly in here.  Dealers are cool and the cocktail service is pretty quick.  I like the amount of space they have and you never feel cramped.
Overrated. I can't imagine going out of my way to eat here again. And $10 is cheap but not that cheap.
Not quite my taste for Texas Brisket considering I'm fromTexas. But great Memphis pulled pork. Sauce is bomb diggity no doubt. Love the location too in green Valley. Definitely a nice spot to get your fat on. Awesome place.
There was a wait. The hostess took our name and said we would be next, and to have a seat. She then proceeded to seat two other couples that had arrived and checked in after us. We decided to eat at Grimaldis instead.
5 STARS IF YOU LIKE SMALL $20.00 PITCHERS OF BEER..
This place taste horrible!!!!!  The korean BBQ is tougher than beef jerkey, the Chinese is not authentic, basically most food is mediocre at best.\n\nDon't let the other postings fool you like it did to me.
It was all about the warm spinach salad.   If you are going to be a steakhouse you better get this right and they certainly did just that!  \n\nThe End
Decent ambiance for the \"outdoor\" seating and good, but unremarkable Italian. Their Caprese salad was excellent as was the bruschetta. Overall, not a bad place to grab a bite to eat if you happen to be in the Forum.
The services are great! The food options are great! The price is not bad for buffet $10 average and you got it all! \nThe pizza tasted not good. Pasta sauce flavor is just ok. It tasted just like plain tomatoes.
The food here was ok because we were craving pho, however it is a rip off totally highly over priced for some pho.
Only once. Never again. Although the food tasted great, I waited 45 min after my entire family finished their meals. The waitress even took their plates before I ate. When my dish finally arrived it took all of 10 seconds to finish. Smallest most expensive dinner I have ever had.
We went there for NYE dinner.  The surf and turf was excellent. The service was fast and friendly. They have a 20% coupon for checking in that the manager says is rarely used.  With the coupon, the prices are fair and worth the trip.
What bartender tells a paying customer what he/she should and shouldn't drink without me asking. Then when I order a drink and he doesn't approve it. he won't get it for you and let you set there.
Came with a large group. Service was good. Food was yummy. My favorites are the guacamole and their margaritas!
Great Service. Fixed my iPhone 4s Cracked Screen and repaired the water damage from going swimming with the Phone!!! Highly Recommend iCracked Professional iPhone, iPod and iPad Repair  for iPhone repairers!!
The food was lovely. We went on a Monday night and it was empty so felt a bit weird as the waiters were all just stood about looking bored and waiting to take our plates away. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, generous portions, friendly staff and reasonably priced dishes.
The pizza was good - seating was substandard and uncomfortable.   And even for a pizza joint, it was extremely noisy with only a handful of customers.
It has been over a month and I have not heard back from the company. No one has returned to my call as well. This is rather disappointing and highly unprofessional.
This place is okay. Service is slow. Everyone seems to be doing something but nothing at the same time. \n\nFood is okay. I have yet to find anything here that I really like enough to come back for.
Doesn't count as a Vegas trip unless you come here. HUGE portions, extensive drink menu and over-the-top decor. LV at its finest!
5 stars, for their variety. ive been trying something different as much as  i can. chicken kabobs are bomb. the dolmas is bomb(prolly my favorite) the different pasta dishes and casseroles !! and then the fires are super bomb too.
2 stars for clean and close to work. I had the Philly cheese, and it was no very good. Good service, but just like other reviews, I wanted it to be good, but no such luck :(
Yummy sushi and good service.  Now the building is a whole different story. It reminds you of something along the line of an old record store, bar or strip club., .  It was very clean and again excellent sushi!! If I'm ever back in town I will return!!!
This place was the ULTIMATE casino in the 90's. That being said, its not the nineties any more and 10 years in Las Vegas is an eternity.
This is my go to place for pho in Waterloo. Portion sizes are good and the service is always pretty fast. I have never had to wait a long time to get seated. Conveniently located and pretty nice/fancier than expected interior. Sometimes they also have green tea ice cream which is my favourite!
Had the Nutella, strawberry, and bananas crepe. It was actually good enough for me to come back two nights later and have another one.  If you're looking for a dessert or snack this might be the place.
Hands down, the only place to buy a new bed in Charlotte. The prices are unbeatable and unbelievably low with free same day delivery. If you are in search of a new bed, you MUST visit this place!
Not bad. A little pricey but what do you expect, rent there is probably a bazillion dollars. The Chai was OK but the Granita looked like shaved ice after a few sips.
Delcious! The best boba I have ever had and the shaved ice is so unique and tasty. I cannot wait to go back. I love the graffiti wall as decor and the fact that customers can tag it. Love!!
Unfortunately has closed it's doors. Bummer because I heard so much about the awesome taste and had a hankering for some cake. Maybe next time. The four stars I'm giving it are for those who've told me how good the cupcakes are.
Great show for animal lovers.. Me and my girlfriend had a great time watching all the animals perform..
This place has a small dance floor. But the music is great! A good mix of salsa, merengue, banda, etc  etc. It was free for ladies the night we went and $20 for men.
Holy sweet yummy tooth!!!\nIt's cupcakes. It's sweet. It's cute. It's delish. What's not to like.\nWhen in Vegas, do as the Vegasites DO.....and we DO The Cupcakery!!!
1. Great coffee\n2. Good atmosphere for studying, reading and meeting friends\n3. Reliable wifi\n\nTo sum up: Five-stared.
I love this little place! The prices are excellent and so is the service. The leg massage with my pedi was to die for!
So I called twice to find the location and not only was there not an answer there was voice mail not set up. What a poor example. I finally find it and dropped my clothes and there was no personality.\n\nUpdate:  exchanged emails with the owner. He cares and \"Gets it.\"  Nice!
It's what health-intelligent people are looking for. You are now home.
I apologize I reviewed the wrong restaurant.
Amazing food!  Phenomenal dessert. Found this place when traveling for work.  It was so good we went back a second night to try the rest of the menu and get some more heavenly dessert.  So sad to live so far away!
Food and service are excellent.  Johnnie was great!!!
The food was little more than decent and the staff didn't seem to care about their clients. I've been to other Brixx before & was never this disappointed.
I didn't care for this post office. The parking lot has a difficult exit back on to Ballantyne Commons and there is no drive thru drop. Do I really have to get out of my car to drop this letter into the box? Apparently so.
ein reise in die fr\u00fchen achtziger jahre
Awesome customer service in the service department!
I'm not sure how to review a discount club. Aren't they all the same? It is always clean here. The staff is always helpful. They usually have what I'm shopping for. I've never had any kind of negative experience here. What else can I say? I've gone here for years and will continue.
$1.99 shrimp cocktail and one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've ever had. I don't think you'll find a better pastrami sandwich under $10 anywhere. Definitely a hidden gem.
When you walk into this place it reminds me of the movie Good Fellas. My brother turned me onto this place and it is fantastic. Family owned and operated. Just the nicest group of people. And the food, although not all heart smart from what I could see at our table, was quite delish!
Awesome cubano sandwich. Great decor and feeling. Its a mim and pop place.. Definately going back.. Its a must..
Beer was cold. That is about all I got
Though I've only been here once (and will not come back), I came in on a Friday night and there were about 4 other people in the bar. I got a total creep vibe and left after a drink. It seems that this place picks up later at night, but it really doesn't seem like my scene.
Fresh, fresh, FRESH. There is no other fast food chain imaginable that has the local, wholesome, fresh, and ethical outlook that Chipotle does.
OOB - Replaced with Bahia De Guaymas.
We had a good stay here for a fair price.  It's just not very convenient to do things on the strip from this location.  Taxis are expensive and its a very long walk.  Next time I would probably just pay the extra money to stay on the main part of the strip.
Great mall with diverse stores\nIncluding stores from Gucci and Luis Vuitton to H&M and Forever 21. Food court is pretty spacious and full of variety as well.
It was fine.  Most anything tastes good in butter.
Just bought a Mazda3 with my wife and daughter.  Lets face it, the process sucks but Jim (sales mgr), Jeremiah  and finance guy Tom  were extremely professional and fair  which is all too rare in the auto business.   Would definitely return for another car.
Gross, gross, gross. Good if you like your brisket to taste like chemicals.
are people below complaing becuz they got a huge scoop?? wow.\nWent here after going to Z pizza next door. The  ice cream was very good and you get a good serving. order 2 different flavors and both where very good. shared with wife.\nMy only complaint is not many choices.
Nori is a great sushi spot that I'm not sure why took me so long to find. Amazing service, Danielle was my server and she gave me the best service I've had in a long time! Amazing staff and even better food! Working my way through the great happy hour menu right now!
i love the banana royale...a sliced banana woth 3 scoops of ice cream topped with hot fudge whip and nuts.  the halloween.cakes look so cute and the manager Adrian is awesome!
The Staff is VERY rude the manager is even ruder kept talking over me then slammed the door.. stay away from this location.
Love Lowes!  This one is nice!  Workers don't follow you around asking you if you need help.  But they are then when you need them.  Great staff, great store.
Delicious, fresh tasting food and attentive service. I've tried the prime burger, the spaghettini, and the caramelized brussel sprouts. Some of the best tasting food I've ever had.
Got a cheesesteak and regretted it immediately. The meat is tasteless and floppy. At least I didn't get sick!
The best white chocolate bread pudding I've ever had!!!
Had a dream last night about their homemade strawberry rhubarb coffee cake...  And strong coffee too!
This hotel was a great stop on our way through North Carolina. The staff is incredibly nice and the hotel is clean and smells fresh.\n\nThey have an awesome \"lending locker\" I. The front lobby where you use board games, blenders etc.\n\nDefinitely will stay here again!
I would not recommend this place.\n\nThai rolls - way to bread-ey.  Not enough vegetables.\nBasil classic - tasted like burnt oil.\nPad see iew - this had hardly any sauce/flavor. Very little chicken in the dish.
My only comment is on their choice of which sugar free chocolate to carry. It is the version that makes you sick. Better sugar frees have been out for years that will not do this. They need to step up if they want to cater to that crowd.
My estm wait was 20 min. Been almost an hour so far.
I usually play basketball at around 11:00 am and got rejected by the wet floor for a couple of times. I guess that's the only issue why I give 4 stars.
Homemade mashed potatoes, chicken parm, fish and chips. Excellent. Plus the jazz music and interior make it a very cool.
I really hate to say this, but this place is a bit over-rated. My sandwich was mostly gristle and fat. I had better smokes meats the last time I was in Ottawa. I suspect there are better places in Montreal or, hopefully, these guys just had an off day.
Best Roberto's in town.We have used this location many times after my daughters gymnastic classes we have just across the street from them.Don't get me wrong .its still a Taco Shop but they are very consistent and atleast you know what you will get for your money.
Pricey for the quality of food. Steak was decent... But not $60 quality. Fancy atmosphere is strange combo of sports bar and high end steakhouse. Service was good. Hostess was snooty.
Irish Nachos. Nuff said.
Food was decent but the price made it taste worse. I couldn't believe a combo plate for enchiladas was almost $10. I could go to rubios or Baja fresh for the same type of meal for half the price. I would probably not go again bec of the price. Mexican food should not cost this much.
Very nice shopping center with awesome restaurants like Lucille's BBQ and King's Fish House. Also, there is a new gourmet Olive Oil & Vinegar shop called Oil & Vine opening  this weekend that looks really good. You can taste a bunch of oils and vinegars before buying them.
Kind of cheesy on the inside. And Ramen is very bland. Karrage chicken appetizer was not good. Gave them 3 tries, just no flavor....... :o
Cool atmosphere but HH deals are not deals.  Still fun and worth ckg out.
What a great place.  The Cannoneer Sour Cherry and Picket Bone Dry Hard Cider are amazing.  I currently have two of their growlers, because one just isn't enough.  I look forward to their house brewed mead in spring.
I got the boneless wings which were obviously frozen.  Freaking Terrible!
Kinda disappointed they took out DDR extreme, I went every week to play it but now it's gone and now they only have horrible in the groove. Other then that they have a great classic arcade up stairs.
Best fried chicken in vegas
Gorgeous- immaculate historic estate- very spacious stay in the Mt Vernon room. Wonderful breakfast- great friendly staff!
Great food, friendly atmosphere! There are lots of games, video gaming, a pool table, tvs, drink specials for people wearing a jersey on game day! \n\nThe food is Chicago style and ridiculously good.
Justin went out of his way to make an emergency stop and did an amazing job. Will be going back to him for all future work in the valley.
food was good, service was sloww...  The taste & presentation of the food was on par but overall our server was pretty lousy.  They are very fast with the drinks & beer but even getting our food order taken was slower than it should have been.  I like their vast selection of beers.
Only good thing about this cvs is they take my insurance.....pharmacy is so slow and the drive thru service is terrible....always quicker to just go inside..
Came here to check out the BBQ. It was just okay. Service was good. But just not special enough to come back to. I think this place is more for their drinks.
Cactus Flower never disappoints.  The flowers are beautiful, fresh and fragrant and last longer than those purchased elsewhere.  The staff really knows their stuff and is always helpful and friendly.
The customer service is the worst one I have never met before.The attitude of the staff is rude,we just asked simple things of the delivery,he even throw the drawer loudly.Trerrible\uff01\uff01\uff01\uff01\uff01\uff01
The grilled chicken caesar is obviously prepared elsewhere and shipped in.  The dressing comes in packets and it's pretty much the most low rent $14 salad I've ever had.  The server was decent though. \n\nDon't eat here.  Maybe grab a beer though.
Nice place but be warned that you may find them closed at 5.45pm instead of 6pm as mentioned in their hours of operation.
What is all the hype about with this place?\n\nI had the Italian sandwich.  There was way too much bread on it and there was no lettuce.  The flavor was off.\n\nI would rather eat at Quiznos or Jimmy Johns.
By far, one of my favorite places to eat in the East Valley! The food is always delicious, and the veggies are so fresh! The milkshakes may be pricey but well worth it!
Great place for breakfast. Crepes to satisfy any taste. Try the caramelised apples and emmental. Better than you think!
Made a stop here before heading back aboard the Stennis. Service was horrible! There wasn't even staff here to seat me! I had to come inside by myself and even cook in the kitchen by myself! By far the worst service of any restaraunt I've ever been to.
I thought my GPS was sending me on a wild goose chase. Ended up in a subdivision in the middle of nowhere, but found heaven. The ribs were fabulous, and the brisket was almost as good as mine (of course I'm biased). The employees were great...Nice, courteous young men.
Really good food! I am surprised to hear about poor service as our server was friendly and our food came out SUPER fast!!!! We will definitely be back!!
Clean, nice room a bit far from the strip.
Great food. Great conversation (Joe, get back to work), terrific value.
stopped in for a few pizzas with the fam. Pretty good pizza, nice local little spot. we had this pizza with meatballs and pepperoni and a margherita. Both were pretty good. Maybe next time I'll try a sandwich. solid 3 stars
ok, I like the atmosphere, prices, and the staff is very friendly. chimichengas are good! salsa is that kind with all the big chuncks and celantro. (i like my salsa thin and no celantro).  they have good rice too
The ice cream isn't that great and the workers look like they're half dead. No smile, no thank you, nothing. The tangerine sorbet also tastes like chemical ice.
Stopped in to get a quick coffee between meetings at CMU. The staff is friendly, the space is nice and casual, and the coffee is hot. Espresso drinks available, along with regular coffee, pizza, and sandwiches.
Don't come here if you're in a hurry! Slow service, and food takes forever. The pizza itself wasn't horrible.
This place has decent sushi, nothing to drive far for but their happy hour is great and for some reason I love there chicken wings.
Drinks were nice and strong. Waitstaff was very cool. I felt the food was a bit overpriced for the portions. Nice decor. Not much else to say here. View of Vegas was great though. Good place for a first or second date.
OMG!!! the best place ever! cheap eats and bomb a** food. especially late night.
If I could give it a no star I would.  Who wants to sweat while you eat.  I don't care what the food and beer is like.  Turn on the AC ! It's 110 out!
Great food and coffee. I like that they can replace regular milk with almond milk .
The Presidential penthouses.  \n\n4 rooms, a gym, piano, super sexy bathrooms. \n\nThis is the way to do Vegas.\n\nSuperb.
This a a quinsential hole in the wall. But the food is really really goid, as are the beers.
Ok, the previous dining experience must have been because we were partially hung over or something. The quality of the food was not as good this time. Variety was all right....
Poor poor service, then they finally show up and then away they go to have long conversation with some friend. Door is just OK
Bartenders are awesome Q, and booze are the shit!
The lunch service is absolutely horrible.  I work in the building so my co-workers like to eat here.  Soda is always flat and service is very inconsistent.
We both got the Philly Cheesesteak and it was pretty good. Nothing to write home about or even a review but it was ok. It's in a good location so if you're in the area it's worth a try.
Yummy cocktails and great to go if  you want some good sushi on the strip
Great indie music store and wonderful staff - they are really attentive and they make recommendations based on your taste if you're unsure on what to get . More than their personalized service that keeps me coming back, I can spend a whole day in here just listening to records as well.
great view of the bellagio waterfront. \nhad a brunch here, and the food was excellent.\ngreat service!
Great job
Good food, fun menu, and pretty good service. No real complaints here...it gets hectic when its busy...but the employees make up for it in kindness and competence :)
Over priced crap hole!!!\nCops watch this place so watch out!!\nCrappy service with attitude \n\"isn't it $11 dollar beer dollar night?\"
I have been taking my English Bulldog here since he was a puppy. I like the facility - Its clean, large, indoor, and secure. I also like the fact that they let me into the back & the staff is incredible. The rates and hours are really reasonable!!
Good sandwich, quick and convenient. One of the better cheap eats on the Strip!
Average Sushi Shop. Generally everything is pretty fresh. Take out lunch combos are a pretty good deal between $7-12. Nothing fancy and not what you would call \"authentic\" but reasonable for a quick lunch.
Mac&Cheese is off the chain.
The ice cream machine is Always broken after 9pm AMAZING, this is 6 out of 6 attempts AMAZING.  This is at the McDonald's at the entrance to the airport, really the Ice-cream machine is Always broken after 9?
Great place.  The drinks are excellent.  It's what I would call Alsatian fare, so if that's your scene, Sardine is the place for you.
I just want to give a HUGE thank you!!!! This place by far exceeded my expectations!!!! You guys are all so great and you truly do stay true to your words. I will definitely be coming here from now on. \nHands down the best place to go
Great Happy Hour, music,  wine and appetizers. The atmosphere was amazing,  very relaxing.
I love five guys. There food is really good and they give so much fries. Fries taste awesome and burgers are awesome. Everything is awesome. I highly recommend going to any five guys if you have never been to one.
Great Brunch in Vegas.  sit out on the patio over the strip and people watch
Honestly the food is not bad at all and very short wait time and portions are large but I always get it to go since it always stinks in there which is very unpleasant they need to remodel seats are torn walls are dingy
Great Place to Decompress, If you can't get along with the owners who are always there and treat you like Familia then don't go to Chicago,Forget about it.... stay away. The food is great, the service is great, I bring the family and have not  left unsatisfied.
Old school steakhouse with great views and friendly service.  Lobster bisque and steaks excellent.  Quiet, relaxing,  pleasant.   Get there 10 mins before sundown and watch the city slowly light up.
I was downtown sunday morning and drove by this cute cafe. I'm glad I stopped in. The breakfast sandwich was delicious and the coffee warm and satisfying.  The people behind the counter were very friendly. I will be back and may become a regular customer. Try it out!
The service sucks. Nobody seemed to know how to speak English. Their dim sum isn't the best. I usually don't do reviews but if you really want dim sum and some service, don't go there. It's worth the drive to spring mountain.
The best Vietnamese I have tried in Pittsburgh. The Tufu lemon from the appetizers was just perfect. I found the place from Yelp.com and I would definitely recommend it! Very inexpensive too! I really like it!
Bar food. Not the best. If you think this place is good(why?) try Hickory Tavern. Food is better and the people are great.
This is the only $0.99 store I will go to. It's clean and the cashiers are friendly. They have tons of items even though I don't want them I still buy them. And their seasonal aisle has gotten much better. I also noticed that their shelves have gotten taller which helps with them adding more items.
Nothing's good about this place. The staff isn't friendly. Last time we went there they charged us heavy gratuity. Price Not worth the quality of food.
Had way better bone-in ribeye and foie gras in other cities. But the female help is very good looking. Management knows what they're doing.
Busy spot.  Usually crowded and especially at the bar.  Great drinks and food.  We ordered: Caesar Salad, Pizza: Margherita, Pepperoni, and Meatball.  All were super tasty.
I have gone here twice in the last year. Once for my brothers high school graduation lunch and a second time for a meeting. The food is great along with the location. The restaurant is clean and organized. I don't have much to comment about the service because I didn't pay much attention to it.
This place is a great place. The pastor is great!  This place feels very comfortable and the people are very friendly. A great place to worship!
Ann was very professional while I was standing there practically (or totally) naked!  She made me feel very comfortable and always offered me the best deal possible.  I had never had a spray tan before and visited her multiple times.
Yum hmm Yum tastes like the homeland. Authentic but modern with a relaxing ambiance. Great prices, high quality and good service. Thanks lunch specials are awesome. Musicians at night for a great eat and relaxation.
Huge selection fairly overpriced horrible customer service try to exchange something with a receipt was told I need the complete original packaging which was a piece of cardboard definitely will spend my money elsewhere. .
I really don't like this place.  I had a burger with way too much fancy stuff.  I think I had an onion focacia bun and it just sucked.  Overpriced and not good.
I love getting my full set here. Jasmine its amazing at what she does and my nails are always looking good. She can do almost any design cheaply. My favorite acrylic nail shop
Went here only because it was featured on diners, drive-ins, and dives. A big disappointment. The chicken was dry, the pork BBQ was decent but the buns were uncut and way too small. Cole slaw was flavorless.
First time back to this place in several years.  Also one of the first times I've had a beer that was essentially undrinkable.  Fun environment, but I wouldn't go back again for the beer alone.
Best pedicure I have ever had, hands down. She massaged my feet for 30 minutes!  I recommend this place over all surrounding places.  I used to go to Scottsdale Nails, but this place is much better!!
A coffee joint down the street recommended  this place. And since I love the coffee joint, I thought that this must be good. WRONG! We were right by the door, cashiers area & had the worst service! The food was blah!! I will NOT return.
I loved all my freeds cake, 3 so far, I have always worked with Elia, she is awesome,  im all the way in Texas and she was always so helpful and full of suggestions,  what a class act.
Very helpful, I  got exactly the  car I wanted  faster  than expected. Everyone at the dealership was friendly and answered all my questions quickly. Thanks Jarrett and Chris.
Met a friend in the Sky Harbor Airport last month.  She suggested we have lunch.  OMG....the BEST pizza ever (along with a pizza catering business in El Paso, TX).\nI would fly into Phoenix just to eat there (if I could afford it!!!).
Excellent service, great margaritas and fantastic food! The most authentic Mexican in Charlotte. The pork and pineapple tacos are a must have. My new favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte.
This place was awesome. Good food fast service great staff. This is the first place I have ate in a long time that was this good. It is only a few minutes off the strip and worth the drive. I ate a Noodles in the Bellagio the day before and this place was better with bigger portions and about 20 dollars cheaper.
Come here instead of D's if you need to buy cases of beer. They're cheaper than D's and everything is easy to find. Thanks to the peeps at D's for the referral.
Wife and I loved t!! We stayed here 2 weeks ago for our 18th honeymoon ;) The guy at the desk and the bar were very welcoming. The decor is very nice and our room (free upgrade) was excellent. They even threw in a bottle of champagne. We'll be back!
AMAZING!!!! You must stop by for a delicious craft beer, delightful conversation and they support other local artisans! CHEERS to our friends at Crafthaus!!!
Some cute and affordable stuff. They are very helpful here. In fact, the staff is almost too helpful. They hover a bit and try to get me to buy some membership discount card. I do not appreciate the high pressure pushing. I just want a new top or a cheap pair of shorts.
Empty on a Friday night. Good music. Very laid back. Good place to get couple of drinks before heading uptown.
The food was amazing, personally I didn't like the service. Definitely will be back for the food.
I love this place!  I've eaten here twice and both times have been tres magnifique.  Both times I had the skate which was unique and well prepared.  I can't wait to go back.
I'm a fan of Italian food. And I'm willing to pay for good Italian food. Not that Lidia's isn't good. It is. But I've had better for less $$, like Piccolo Forno in Lawrenceville.
Great food and dessert...total scottsdale snobbery atmosphere.
Had a lovely kale Caesar salad with chicken. Flavors  were good, but chicken was slightly overdone and salad was overdressed. Loved the ambiance and our server was terrific! Think her name was Marcela. Yummy flavored shaved ices for dessert!
Best taste of Hawaii I've had in a long time. Looking for something that's somewhat authentic head here. It is bombDOTcom!
Meh, I didn't eat here so I can't attest to the food, but I didn't have a pretty mean margarita. The server was a little sketchy and the decor a little frightening (creepy fat people paintings... weird!) but overall it wasn't an unpleasant experience.
Best pizza in AZ hands down. My family has been going here for years and wouldn't bye pizza anywhere else. Zippilies are a must buy!
Great atmosphere and location, very average food, nothing unique or appealing in the menu. Missing orders, dishes missing parts of it, nothing to rave about.\nNever again.
The owners are awesome and let you try all of the different flavors! Ended up deciding on the cookies n cream. Very good!
We had a delicious meal and the price was more than fair. Definitely recommend the papaya salad and the noodle dish.My boyfriend & I were practically fighting over the last Bakpao Gapit (Steamed buns + braised pork belly)- a must order!
Very very average with snarky tourist fatigued service. Skip it and head to art:brgr. Excellent cider though.
Don't believe any bad review! These guys have passion! The level of detail and care that the Clean Freak team spends on every part of the car is nuts! I haven't seen anyone work this hard or care this much about a deep clean. I am very impressed.
I love weiners! The pastrami is pretty good too!
Basic perfectly decent quick italian-ish food. Authentic? Nope. But good enough to do the trick. Seems to be a family joint. Lot of crying babies when I was there. Comment si dice \"earplugs\"?
One star for the gelato. The rest of the food was not good and the RIo hotel is in bad shape. It was recommended by Worldmark, and I am unsure why. We went on 7/6 for breakfast and there was no line at all. No wonder...
Awesome! I got the Grapefruit Hibiscus flavour, and it was amazing. The guy working the cart was extremely friendly and made me more excited about the company when he said everything was handmade and fresh. Plus I found out you can order a box of popsicles on their website!
My first time having Whataburger. Tried the jalapeno burger was decent but the green chili burger is overrated in my opinion.
Love this place, my favorite is the chicken machaca tacos with hot salsa and a side a guacamoli. Messy, but absolutely delicious =) \nService is quick, people are nice, place is clean and the food is fresh and good quality. You can't go wrong!
Decent Italian food in a good setting.
I went back here again last night .  I ordered the catfish dinner and got two hand breaded fillets of fresh catfish that was perfectly seasoned and absolutely delicious. It was served with fries and only $8.99. It was the best fried fish I have had in a long time!
Mmm! Delicious French Cappuccino Macaroons!
Chase field provided a fantastic background for filming footage and stunning photographs. Everyone should take time to take in a game or just go down for one of there tours.
I had high expectations but I was let down . The chicken was dry and could have used a bit more flavor. Price wasn't bad though.
The short ribs and \npork belly bites are fantastic!  Great atmosphere and good service!
Trivia is an absolute blast here on Monday evenings. \n\nThey also have a super awesome cheese burger. The cheddar on it is to die for. \n\nIt's a great place to go with friends.
Excellant service by people who care.
We were not greeted during the 5 minutes that we browsed the store while the salesmen were on their cellphones behind the counter, so we walked out. Prices of safes 'on sale' were outrageous.
The place is pretty pretentious. There are for instance dancers. Many guys wear suits there. Screens all around the place display fashion shows... You got the spirit!
This place is OK. The only dislikes about this place is that the servings are pretty small. A must have is the mango with sweet rice. One thing that Archie needs to add to their menu. I prefer Archie's Thai restaurant. I would recommend this place if you are lazy to drive to Archie's.
I have been to this location twice in the past month and each time they mess up our order. Either they put two pieces of nuts I. A whole large ice cream or completely don't put in any item at all! I won't be coming to this location anymore.
I came here with some friends while in Vegas and it was REALLY good! Rio is a seafood lovers dream place lol. There's raw seafood as well as cooked seafood and the workers are extremely quick on cleaning out trash and getting refills. Check this place out if you're in Vegas!
They are either racists or they have no interests in selling their shoes...
A cute, colorful little coffee shop catering to the indie and punk set.  A punky clothing store/head shop shares the second floor landing next to the cafe.
My girlfriend and I wanted to learn how to sew and stumbled upon Donna online. She is a great instructor and also very fun and flexible. We thoroughly enjoyed our time with her and learned everything there is to know about sewing! She even went to the store with us and helped us pick out our machines, tools, and supplies!
Extremely friendly staff.  Checked this place out today for lunch and there is a a breakfast all day menu and lunch menu including coffee and teas.  Nice place to come to enjoy a quick meal.  Seating is indoor and some tables outdoor.
Glen is an expert in electrical work. I like his great attitude and follow through. I think he can do anything you need both residential and business and would trust him with my home.
What a great experience! Jill was super professional, very wise and clearly knows her craft. She provided great conversation and a seamless back waxing, which for some guys can be brutal. She's def my go-to in the future and would recommend to everyone I know. Thx Jill!!
AH-mazing pizza!! I ordered their pepperoni and my husband ordered an artichoke, olive, onion, mushroom\nTo die for. Really good. Crisp edges and scrumptious! A+++\nExcellent service too
Cool location but I found the pizza to be kinda average. The Italian hoagie was good. Parking was a nightmare.
Stopped on the recommendation of a local and the reviews on Yelp.  Shared a garden salad which was fresh and crisp and then we had a thin crust pizza which was outstanding.  Place was pretty empty at 7pm on a Friday night.  But they had red wine and we were happy campers.  Would certainly eat there again.
The service is friendly - they treat you like family here!  The atmosphere is traditional yet modern and the restaurant is clean and sleek.  The food is fresh and delicious!  The have a great variety of dishes, but the tonkatsu here is an absolute MUST!
Ummm...so I have to bump this place up to 5 stars. I was here 3 times in a 24-hr period last time I was in AZ (Friday night, Saturday afternoon, Saturday night). So yeah...
This place is a dump. What happened? They could not even provide salt and pepper shakers. Seriously! And the bathroom stalls did not lock. Gross.
My husband and I came in today for lunch. We got amazing service from a bartender named Katie (I believe). She was very attentive and she knew the beer and menu items to the full extent. The food is amazing too. Ask about their weekly special burger. We will be coming back!
see the absinthe show!   it is awesome
I was not impressed with this restaurant at all. The food was extremely disappointing. My husband didn't finish his meal because he thought it was gross and my daughter had a hair in her grilled cheese sandwich. I have paid less for a much better breakfast.
I do not like this place. The store is pretty and clean. But taste is awfully. I've had my shares of frozen yogurt and this place lacks taste.
If only they spent as much time on their beer as the did their decor... Didn't really care for the atmosphere, way too many roaming dogs off leash.  Not a fan of the beer but hope they'll get it right with time.
I go here all the time for the fast quick and delicious vegetarian lunch! That Catalina is pretty bomb!
I stayed at here for two nights and there was mold in the tub and the shower drain was \nclogged.  The swimming pools were nothing to get excited about. I won't stay here again.
Best homecooking and BBQ
Horrible, almost inedible food.  The sushi absolutely is not sushi and nothing tasted good.  I will never eat here again.  The one behind walmart is much better.
Love the food especially lamb kabob and chapli kabob,staff was extremely friendly and the place was clean..Everything was fresh and the quantity was generous.Will definitely go again.
We Came to the here on our casino walk. We played a couple of slots and took quiet a few pictures of the world famous beam of light and was fairly impressed with how well themed the place was. No, I did not see Cris Angel.
Love the rooms here. Very modern and clean. This is great for a staycation for a one night getaway! :)
Ok so Yelp won't post my \"short\" review, so I'm going to put some filler before my actual review, which by the way sums up my experience at Le Bremner. Here goes...\n\n\nI wept.
If I could give this zero stars trust me I would. We had ordered Garlic Shrimp and Three Cups Chicken which both were supposed to have garlic flavor. The food came in 2 minutes indicating that it was not fresh. The food has no flavor of garlic.
Closed in Kitchener
Great food! The pho dip is amazing and the dragon fries are a must! Bring your appetite!
Monday nights are the nights to go. The pool is free and the owner orders a couple pizzas and some wings to share with her patrons.
They SUCK! Pay the extra $30 and go elsewhere!
The hostess was extremely rude and told us that if we didn't want to wait, we can just leave. We were quotes a wait time of 45 mins but waited for 1.5 hr. Very rude service!!!
Crossroad Cutters. Best Cuts in town.  Surprise Az.
For a steakhouse, the steak was just okay, i ordered medium rare and portions of the steak were either medium or just rare.. The service was great and the sides were perfect, especially the twice baked potato. Just really wish the steak were better.
I called and spoke to the receptionist at North Phoenix Eye Care. She had a bad attitude, and seemed confused on which Insurance companies they accepted. Her bad attitude alone, was enough for me to continue my search for an eye Doctor.
Everything a dive bar should be. Love it.
For those of you who are familiar, this feels like a wanna-be Duke's, but lacking style and food follow-through. I wanted to like this place as i was really craving some good fish, but left disappointed with my jerk-prepared butterfish.  Even the sweet potato fries seemed a little mushy.
The service is ok, but the staff always seem put off or distant.
Way overrated! Other than the raw oysters and stone crab everything is pretty salty and normal. \nSave the $63 and go to wicked!
This place started out good, but has gotten to be so salty that the food is inedible.
Very tasty northern Chinese food. The service is warm and friendly, as is the general atmosphere in this simple but delicious restaurant. One of the best places to eat dong bei food in America. Highly recommended
stay away yuck !!!!!!!
Not so great !! Over priced food that would probably take you 15 min to make at home. And the waiter and waitresses look like they hate there life work there especially the hostess. Fish n Chips not good and not worth the $30. Lazy dogs fish n chips better.
Last week 7 of us went,found this on Yelps ,regrets never read the review clearly,        Rating NO STAR\n  Service LOUSY,NO EXPERIENCE
Whenever I have extra time at lunch, I cruise over to this place. I love the spicy coconut soup with added veggies or the peanut butter chicken. Service was great as well. I have no complaints about this places so i gave it a 4 star.
I got a small vanilla chai tea latte to go. The cup was just the right size for me, and it was delicious. The only negative would be that it was $3 for such a small size.
Tired of boring old Hollywood remakes?  Want to see something original?  This is the place!  Small intimate space with a variety of programming, focusing primarily on local filmmakers (for now).  A couple of interesting film festival coming up that are worth checking out.
Mmm yummy yum! I love the special C the slice with boneless wings and a drink! Great value. One time I got sick from the wings, but I decided to be brave and try them again. I haven't had any problems since but...that's my only complaint. Love that its relatively fast.
Outstanding! Best burger in the East Valley! Server (Byron) was one of the best servers I've experienced anywhere.  Food was delicious and well prepared.
nice selection of flavors. my personal preference are the dairy free choices. toppings are fresh. love coming here for a sweet treat.
Average famestop, nothing spectactular.  Coming from someone who games on all mediums, done sales, frequents online steam purchases as well as gamestop transactions, as well as a former employee.  Overall my thoughts of this spot is, it's not too bad to get it games from here
For the price of a Happy  Meal, I absolutely enjoyed an incredible 4th of July lunch at the Bistro Buffet. Grilled shrimp! Beer! And a special shout-out to Katrina, my server, who made sure my cup 'o' beer was always full!
It's nice to have a good cup of coffee without having to go to  \"S\" word.  We really enjoyed our specialty coffee.\n\nWe didn't have time to sit down and enjoy the atmosphere, maybe next time.
The food was pretty good. The service was funny I never had anyone curse at me who was a waiter! The hats were out of this world! If you have a sense of humor go here if not move to a different restaurants. It is called dicks LAST resort!
This place was good. The pizza was good but I was most happy with the service.  They were really great and we stayed past closingand they were nice about it.  I loved the pizookie you just can't go wrong with hot cookies and ice cream.
Combo plates are a good size but need more selection for a korean style place. Miss my long rice on the side  instead of a plate. not bad tho
Had stone crabs of course and oysters on the half shell.  The oysters were so smooth and chewy.  Service could have been better, however they were super crowded.  My husband had a filet and was very pleased.  I had Joe's scallops and they were quite good as well.
My friend from Thailand took me here, I figure he has to know good Thai food right?  I have been going back ever since.  The red curry and green curry are both excellent.  The service is great and the place is clean.  The pad thai is above average.
This orange Julius is absolutely terrible.  The service is good but the drinks are just overly sweet sugar water.  I always get the strawberry original Julius, and this time was such a disappointment.  I'll never get a drink here ever again.  It's also more expensive than normal. Don't get anything here unless the management makes some changes.
This is my first time coming back to Lo-Lo's since it's been renovated. I really liked the grungy, homey, non-corporate feeling of the smaller location. The food seems to be about the same but the ambiance changed it all.
Clam chowder Fridays is the best!! With a side of curly fries. Usually do take out, but I have eatin inside a few times, service was good
Sushi was good, decor was great, service was solid..BUT the price was silly! I expect to pay more in Vegas, but double...Other than that it would warrant four stars, but all things considered its a solid three.
We went for lunch yesterday and really enjoyed the food and service, but found it a bit pricey. It was four star good, but we had to knock off a star for horrible water. It is hard to believe a place of this caliber does not have a filter system for drinking water, or does not at least offer a slice of lemon.
Love: hot turkey sandwich, cheese curds with ranch, tap beer selection\n\nNot a big fan of the wait times, so go at an off-peak time!
What a wonderful hole in the wall place! It was perfect for my boyfriend and I since I wanted breakfast and he wanted lunch. The omelette was delicious! I'll totally come here again, the decor is super cute!
Was too tired to drive from hotel to a restaurant so tried Jack's! Had \"tasteless\" Cattleman Chicken; advise \"drive to a real restaurant like Montana's!
It is a great place to go for a happy hour (half price is affordable).  Great Belgian beer selection.  The food is good, but I highly recommend the bar.\n\nTheir fee for the private room is a little unreasonable.
The staff is nice, but their product is consistently terrible and watery for whatever reason.\n\nThe seating looks like a nice enough place to chill, but given the alternatives I've never been particularly driven to do so.
Yummy I really really really liked their bread! That made a huge difference! I had the Caribbean jerk sandwich and I couldn't say what I didn't like about it. It is also fast and cheap. My friends recommended all American as well.
This place is the best bakery in Madison!! People are friendly, they have a nice outside space when it's warmer outside and of course the baked treats are amazing. They have sweet and savory choices for whatever your mood! I love it!!
Great service and great pizza! Came here with my uncle and mom for a late dinner and it was pretty good! Sat at the bar and the bartender Jill was very personable and took of everything that we needed. If I were ever back in the area, I would definitely come back here again!
Whoever the new owner of this branch just lost a business. We used to frequent here for the all-you-can-eat promo from 2-9pm 24/7 but with the new management and staff, nah. Meh.
i am giving 4 because its my savior in charlotte when it comes to indian food..\nBut can be improved a lot..
I had a reaction to the Pancar Salatasi; no doubt to the canned or tinned beets. You would think for $6 for 2 bites of beets they could use a fresh one?
I go there a few times a month and i never get tired if it. Great food, friendly staff, low prices for quality foods.
If you like lighter version of Monta ... This is the place... A little bigger space also... I tried the miso ramen soup. Not bad...
Staff was friendly, but portions were small at there price and they wouldn't give a refil of nan (pita bread) and that's a first.... Lunch buffet is the only way to go. IMHO.
We read good food reviews, but we arrived to discover: very dirty bathrooms, grubby menus, sticky/dirty table tops, and very uncomfortable chairs. Our silverware was greasy, so we left without ordering.
Wherever you are, eat where locals eat... this is not one of them...service is terrible,  and food is a long way from being 100% French... just another tourist trap....
Had the gyros sandwich and Athens fries which were great. I also tried a couple appetizers which were awesome. I just forgot the names of the dishes. One was a pita with cucumber sauce and paprika and the other was a hot plate of sizzling cheese. It was very good. Service was great too.
Ordered two pies to go for an impromptu lunch with friends. Pepperoni and Mushroom and the Pear Pizza. Loved them both, as did our guests. Excellent crust and quality ingredients!
Super expensive takeout for really dry food. Takeout 2x and always the same problem..Feel like I could buy all ingredients and make it better.
Pizza here is the same you'll get at any other pizza hut. but some days there is a cashier that just hates her job. Poor customer service. Apparently there is a really good cashier with great customer service and there is another that just hates her job.
Just finished my best dinner ever in Las Vegas at the new Giada's .    Everything was amazing from start to finish.  This is a must do when visiting .   Nothing else on the strip compares!
Great service, eggceptional food.  I wish we had such a breakfast place in Salt Lake City. Carla too amazing care of us, and our meals were prepared perfectly, even though the portions were too big.   \n\nIt was my second or possibly third visit here, and it is consistently great.
These guys were great!  Arrived on time, professional and didn't leave a mess.  Will definitely hire again!
Prices reasonable and quick service.  I had samin, which was really tasty and received a good portion. I would have preferred it served in a bowl to enjoy at the location than a deep styrofoam cup.  And Hawaiian music would have been nice to hear in the background.
Screwed up my order on multiple occasions, im def not going back anymore. The one on Eastern is way better!!
love it
Excellent hem done quickly and beautifully!  Highly recommend
Beautiful Products. Gifts for everyone. Great quality, nice people.
A-OK.  Food was just ok.  The decor was cool.  Server could have been better.  Food was just OK.  Wouldn't come back but it was cool to experience it once.
I felt the prices here were fair and the selection is better then expected.  I'll add this to my regular grocery store mix.\n\nI don't eat a lot of variety and Aldi was missing a lot of stuff I usually eat.  Not their fault as I eat some wierd stuff.
One of my top favorite places to be in Vegas.  Extremely beautiful gardens and nostalgic museums.  The art and architecture is impressive and the staff has always been friendly.  The annual membership is completely worth it as the park changes with the seasons...and the festivals are always fun!  Perfect place for any age with or without kids!
We just got back from our wedding in Las Vegas.  We ordered the flowers ahead of arriving and cound not be happier.  Rosy did an excellent job.  They were beautiful, fresh and exactly as described.  They were very afforadable as we gave them a specific budget and she worked with that very well.
Just ok. Nothing worth the hype. Def not worth waiting in line. You're probably there to just experience it and call it a day! Super cute inside and staff was friendly. I will say I didn't try the sweets, only breakfast food. So maybe that was the issue.
A-OK
Shockingly bad food and service. We were with a private paryt upstairs so maybe that was the reason for agonizingly slow service but there's zero chance of me returning.
This was my first time here & it will probably be my only time. The fresh spring rolls were good, the Pho was OK but the service was really bad. There were only a few people there but they still managed to forget our coffee. Not a good first impression at all.
This place is great. Cheap rooms. Great location. Join the players club and they always send you free room offers. IMHO the best place to stay in Vegas for the money.
bleh. i hate this place with a passion and avoid like the plague. i'm happy to pay marginally higher prices elsewhere to not have to set foot in this place. this particular location is slightly better than most i've seen, hence the 1 star but that's all it has going for it.
A great store to find wine and various other alcohol related items. The employees are all helpful and the selection is massive!
Very nice. Got the whole chicken and some dates wrapped in bacon and sausage along with crispy polenta. Service was great. Kind of pricey but hey it's Vegas...
Tried to go to Redbrick last night and found out it closed nine months ago. So if you are in Vegas and want GF Pizza, you gotta look somewhere else.
I spent 1.5 hours at the live jam. Open mic. Played the drums and had a blast jamming for about 1.25 hours. These guys were fun! I sang and played everything from voodoo child to journey to eagles. Great group of guys & gals.
Mmmmm!! Yummy pizza - New York style!! Good spot near Fremont St!  Good price And nice place to chill and break away
These guys are just as likely to get your order wrong as they are to get it right ... especially in drive-thru.  Interesting that when the orders are wrong, they are always short and you never end up with anything extra.
Great service, got the seafood crepe and a glass of champagne, really love this spot! Beautiful view of the strip.
They took 1\"-2\" off the tips off our girls hair, no big deal. Did a complete wash before the cut. Twelve buck each, guess I can't complain.
Love this place for breakfast or lunch! If they offer you a slice of white chocolate blueberry bread, get it every time! They have ahhhhh-mazing sandwiches, of course, it's the bread. My favorite sandwich is the Spicy Turkey. And I can't leave without a chocolate chip oatmeal cookie.
Best Chinese food and dim sum on the Eastside. Dim sum is fresh and has good choices. They have live fish and sometimes live shrimp and other types of fresh seasonal Chinese vegetables (eg: snow pea leaves). It seems their management has changes a few times, so the service levels and servers change from time to time.
The peanut butter and jelly cake is to die for!!!!  The cookies are good, but the savory items on the menu are hit and miss. I try and stay with to-go desserts.
Flamenco dancers and incredible guitar makes this place awesome. Sure there's room for improvement on the lighting and sometimes food - but you'll still fall in love with this place.
Everything was delicious! The service was fast and friendly. We had dinner and decided the teppanyaki show would be fun for the family. The chef was very friendly and fun, he cooked everything great. His name was Gary. Definitely coming back again.
Bento tastes really good, especially for east asian taste. \nSushi is ok, though a little bit expensive.
This BWW always manages to screw up the order if you call it in to pick it up. Why Bdubs doesn't let you order online like their competition, I'll never know but it gets really old having to wait everytime you go in for them to fix the mistake and deal with poor customer service.
The bagels & treats are delicious, coffee is good and the staff is friendly. \n\nHowever, the egg whites ordered as part of the sandwich was a measly little egg white patty that was barely there. Next time we will take home & make our own egg whites. But I highly recommend this place other wise.
This was good pizza.  You have to work a little to find it.  But the wait isn't long and the pizza is top notch.
Great drink choices and quality food. Try and get there for happy hour (before 7pm) for good food and drink deals.
Twinkle Tan is awesome! This is not my first spray tan, but it was my first by air brush... I will never go back to booth spray again!! I highly recommend Twinkle Tan! I feel amazing....
Great place to stop in for a late night snack and escape the high prices of the strip.  It was very crowded when I went, but true to the fast food industry name, my order came out very quick.
When the world ends, I want the the last flavor on my tongue to be the scallop tacos.
This was the worst customer service ever.....the owners son was extremely rude as disrespectful.....Will never go back!!!!
Great service and nice staff.  We had the pizza and cheese panini...it was fair at best.  Many other better pizza options in the area.
I like the fact that there's no bad place to sated and seed the band,,alot of good musicians come threw there,its usually hot and stick floors in there w drinks that are priced fair,the horse and hound is next door for really cheap drinks.its club house,what do you expect
The food was pretty good but it's really the experience you are coming here for. The most interesting dining experience I have had in years. Highly recommend to try it once. Go on the weekdays when it's a little less busy and try to stay in smaller groups. It will make the experience a little easier the first time.
Went there for breakfast.  Didn't want to shuffle around in a line and wander through crowds to find somewhere to sit.  Other reviews say service was bad, ours was fine.  Food was good.  It's an airport restaurant which means expensive but overall had a fine experience.
Another best kept secret! GREAT food, great price point! Service was a bit wonky, but you better make reservations!!! This place is a challenge for parties larger than 4, it's REAL intimate but the food is worth the wait! I will definitely return!
This is a kinda in between place.  Not as large a selection as Total Wine.  Prices aren't as good as Phoenix Wine around the corner.
So disappointed\nI have been going there for years\nIt is time to close the buffet and start over as soon as possible\nYou lost my business and every one I know\nReally people \nMaybe the staff should try eating it hmm
Nobu is always perfect.
Tony and his amazing staff continue to impress over and over again.\n\nThe arrangements are gorgeous, delivery was swift, and I couldn't be happier. \n\nI have MY florist in the Valley, that's for sure!
Very disappointing.  Wanted a quick \"light\" dinner that ended up taking 2 HOURS!  Slow service and letting us know they were out of what we ordered after a loooong wait.  They did end up giving us more food than we ordered to try and compensate.
I've been smitten by the Jameson and Ginger Drink!!! Whew!!! Still have the best Fish and Chips!!! Suppose I should venture and try the other Irish Dishes! :-) I'm sure that I will not be disappointed!!!
the best of everything here, food and service, you will love it.  You never know who you will see, yankess, hockey palyer, basketball, movie stars, etc.
Absolutely amazing food, great service! Better than a lot of the curry houses in town. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. I watched a woman hand dry the dishes after they were washed one by one. It shows they care. Please visit and enjoy!
No joke, easily the worst Jack In The Box in the state. Dirty tables, rude employees, bad food.
I give it high marks.    An outstanding dive bar.   I spent a weeks vacation there in December of 04.  I have fond memories of this place and the rugged female bartender.    If the Phillies play the Diamondbacks in the playoffs which is very possible I will make my gallant return!
The name is fitting because that's what practically covered the joint. This place was empty when I visited. I got tumbleweed stuck in my hair. We had to invent people to talk too!\n\nNot the staff's fault, they seemed very nice. Just not a popular place anymore.
I love this Starbucks because it's close to my casa & they have great service. I can get in & out or hang. Yeah it's starbucks not local but nothing is close to me.
food is okay but not impressive.  The price is high. tip is enforced. One time we three friends just ordered regular dishes, costed 25$ per person , higher than average here
Not much seating inside of this place. Has a TV and a couch up against a wall. My tea was tasty and we ended up wandering down to another place to sit outside.
The chicken liver pat\u00e9 is delicious -- any time I'm over that side of town I make a detour to pick some up.\n\n\n On the other hand, their bread which they claim to be the best in Edinburgh is okay but overpriced.
Every trip to Vegas at least once a year we try to find a off the strip diner to have breakfast and always end up back here.  Generous portions, great coffee, friendly locals and reasonable prices.   I always get an omelet and pancakes, usually the biggest plate I've ever seen for a side.....
Happy hour makes this a good find.  They have a big margarita for six bucks.  Not bad.  Good flavor definitely not watered down.\n\nI gravitate towards the Jack Daniels menu items.  The ribs are 4 out 5 stars and they salads are definitely worth a look.
Everything served in or on styrofoam, tasteless, overpriced.  My refrigerator has a bad smell in it from the leftovers:-(
Definitely not a good place to eat with friends, especially on a budget. There are cheaper and better Lebanese food out there. You are paying for over priced food and lack of service.
This was the slowest place I've ever seen! 25 minutes and 2 people in line. I finally gave up and asked for my money back. The staff has no motivation. Never again! I hope a general manager does something about this slow ass place!
This is my favorite place to eat lunch in the strip...  Try to go about once a week.  Friendly staff and great food, fast.
Cool place.  Good food.  Great tv screens and friendly service.     Try the Philly Cheesesteak :)
The food was very good, but the service was less than par! I really think it was the server assigned to us because the other tables seem to be having prompt service. Food was worth the money
We went there in the winter when they first opened because Picolo Forno had too long of a wait.    The service was slow, the food came out cold and the prices were double what they should have been.
This place does not meet my standards for a Montreal brunch. I thought the food was only so-so. There are so many other great brunch places in Montreal and this one just didn't do it for me. The menu is not that special. Dishes are mostly potatoes, eggs, and cheese based.
Promoter was given my ID for cocktail waitress.  They ended up losing my ID! Really annoying. Pre paid $1000 for one of their beds/table area's and got $1000 towards alcohol and food.   It was ok time.  Had 10 guys for bachelor party. Pool is tiny.
The worst lunch buffet for the price on earth. I think panda express have much better selections. Monte Carlo, extremely disappointed! Breakfast and lunch are exactly the same!
the rocking chairs in the middle is pretty neat. very southern... only airport/place in the tri-state area that has jamba juice.\n\nfree wifi if I remember correctly...
This is a steady option for sushi in Madison.  The prices are fair and it's a consistent good experience.  The service is top notch and if you sit at the sushi bar you'll always get a treat unless they are busy.  Spicy, crunchy yellowtail is one of my fav's.
Yogurt Builderz is the top of the line build your own sundae, Yogurt toppings bar. The toppings are varied and fresh. They have many different flavors, including the Only 8 variety, which is 8 calories per ounce-- and lactose free. Delicious!!!
Wow, San Diego has moved up the 15 freeway.\n\nGreat food... need more seating.\n\nTo die for.
This place was crazy deceptive.  When we walked in we were really apprehensive but holy crap the pizza was amazing. Since we moved to PHX we have been looking for a really good pizza place and this place is it!
Excellent food, but everyone is right, slow service. I had the southwestern salad; the chicken breast didn't have one dry spot in it. Everyone at our table was happy with their food and drinks, and per suggestion of another yelper, the sweet potato fries ARE good, especially with the curry sauce.
My weekday swim hangout.  Big, clean, and kid friendly.  The year round heated pool got me here.  Understandable, it was trimmed back a few months.  It's still great.
Best baseball/ softball park ever, I love the people that work there and play there everyone is like family. The beer is always good to have when your playing with friends great park.
I use live by the original l&l in Hawaii on liliha st.now that was some good grind these franchise one it ait the same:(
This is my first time at this location and it was only through the drive thru. But tho the line was long I got through the line with in 15 min. The staff from taking my order to giving me my order was very nice. My order was CORRECT!!! That is a gold star in my book :)
There breakfast is good as well as the lunch and dinner. I would like to see more of a selection on there menu . There deserts are  big!! It was average as far as price
Yuck!! totally not going back. Mcdonalds way bette than this. and I'm shocked someone compared this to In N Out...no way! I wish it were in n out
Eclectic, chic, clean & colorful. Oh yeah! & their Chai lattes are comfort in a cup :) \n\nLocated between Glendale Ave & 58th Ave, behind all the cute boutiques. Just follow the signs with arrows, you can't miss it!
Service is sketchy. Happy Hour prices require their gaming club card which is bogus. The pizza used to be delicious and now its not so much. Since the quality of food has decreased, the prices should decrease accordingly. Happy Hour drink prices are pretty good.
Place smells like butthole but they make a damn delicious shrimp burrito. If you choose to eat at this sketchy joint make sure you get that order to go.
They have a great building bar.
Best flavor chili chicken wings when not overcooked. Delicious with ranch. I keep going back just for these! Could do with providing finger tip bowls or wipes though, the sauce gets all over your face. Yummy!
Pad Thai Chicken is AWESOME! Only downside is that delivery time is usually an hour plus. Worth the wait though!
Nasty. Terrible service, hotel food. Save your money or go to via de los Santos up the road!
They fixed my iPhone 5s screen that I shattered a few days ago. The facility was nice, a bit busy so I recommend going first thing if you want to get it back in 30mins, mine took 90min. The staff was really nice and helpful and the service and speed was amazing.
I had heard really good things about this place but I have to say I was a little disappointed. Yes the food quality was perfect but I was expecting more of a selection.
Great ice cream (Perry's, which is especially exciting for me since I'm from the Buffalo area), great flavors, great service and for a great cause.  I'll be trying to earn that 11th free ice cream!
I have always liked ru sans, but they messed a few things up last time I went. Of the 5 things we ordered, 3 of them had notable quality problems. Nice people and a fun place to be in Charlotte, but I get a sense that quality is starting to go down.
This place has great ambience and service is always excellent. The crab cake is amazing! The lamb chops were really good as well. Overall however the portions are somewhat small and the prices are too high for my pockets.
The other Zipps locations seem to be a lot better in terms of service / food. The service was neutral at best. The onion rings were terrible...dry, cold, and hard as rocks. If this location makes it another year I will be thoroughly surprised.
Very good food but the service is slow.
ate at the one in North Versailles. floor filty, all young kids running the place, poor service, poorly made sandwich, very bad overall. The should have a manager on duty. I wont be back. thanks
Love this place! We first discovered it in TN and thought it was only over there. Luckily it's all over the valley, we love it!
Growing up my mother cleaned houses for a living, so my whole life I knew exactly how a home should be cleaned. And I must say, Irene and her team do an UNBELIEVABLE job! I couldn't be happier with the service and it is well worth the $$$$!!
Food is amazing - authentic French food! You can choose to dine inside, dine outside for some Kierland people watching, or they have a private patio lit with lights and candles for a more romantic setting.
Terrible service and terrible food.  It took the 1 hour to deliver food to our table and 20 minutes for 2 glasses of water.\n\nWould never recommend to anyone, a total disappointment.l
The sandwiches are okay. Don't taste that fresh and the bread is super hard
The subs are great and this shop is owned by Doug- a customer service oriented guy full of energy and positivity; there are not that many people like him around. He's also a metal fan, so you know he is legit!
Been here a couple of time for the lunch buffet and for dinner. Always satisfying food and very friendly staff. Most recently I had Lamb Shank Curry as my entree. The aroma's of the spices/dishes contributes substantially to the flavor and all around experience of your meal. The prices are reasonable, and I will return,
Good place for a wide verity of food and a nice family hang out spot.
Bachi Burger is one of my favorite burger spots in Vegas due to the fact that it is completely different than most places. I have been here several times and I still haven't been disappointed.
I don't know which is worse blasting out on to Fremont, the karaoke or the hip hop. They try to compete with the, usually,  good bands at Mickie Finns
Restaurant review only: This place is certainly divey, but used to have ok bar food.   Now the food is bad (stale, cold, etc) and the service is very slow.  \n\nStay away!
Just average Chinese food. The Hunan beef was pretty good, but there was nothing special about anything else. The hot and sour soup had a strange taste. I didn't know the portions are family style and I ended up ordering way too much food. I will try somewhere else before ordering from them again.
This place was not good. Not terrible, but not up to my standards. The enchilada sauce is strangely sour tasting. The service was alright, although the hostesses were absorbed in their own conversations. In AZ there is no reason to go to an 'alright' Mexican food place, there are too many terrific places close by.
Out in the middle of no where and dated decor. Pool is AMAZING and great golf course. I got a great deal on this place (compared to others) and now i see why. Not bas place if you are playing golf there but I probably wont stay here again.
Excellent, quiet, family-style location. I enjoy the food and the service!
The gang here is awesome!  Great energy and super service. Thanks!!!  Oh, and the food is great!
Kennedy's is a very nice neighborhood sports bar. I am particularly happy with the service. I have never been to Kennedy's without being welcomed by every staff person. I love that they invest in live music. Food is normal bar food but well prepared.
I give this place 0 stars this office is a total scam. The dentist doctor Lior Berger and hygienist Jenna Fahey will always recommend a deep cleaning no matter what. They will not honor their group on coupon that they advertise for 19 dollars for an exam x-ray and cleaning. Stay away from this place.
Very good food, somewhat limited menu, service sometimes good sometimes slow, can be very noisy unless you sit in the back, somewhat pricey, parking can be difficult.
Everything was done wonderfully from beginning to end. Arranging the service was convenient and the driver came promptly. Excellent service all the way around. An absolute referral for future customers!
overpriced and poor quality food. the service was slow. We had an hour for and had to get to go boxes once they finally gave us our food. was never given a drink refill in the hour we were there.
I love their ribeye gorgonzola. Good price, beer and food.
Clean, Tidy, and promp with service and hospitality. Getting from gate and gate is efficient especially when you go from the main ones over to the far end for flying out on the much smaller jets.
Dropping a star. \n\nService was blah, more like whattcha want?\n\nGyro was mushy, the meat was not cooked enough, i think there was an issue with the spit. The bread was not cooked enough, the sauce was darn near flavorless.
Best Pizza in Vegas hands down! I had the Guinea Pie! If it is your time this is a must have!
samosa had stale potato. sambar was stale.\nExperienced Staff members are very rude with newer staff members in front of guests.
It was a last minute search to find a Thai restaurant nearby and I was so glad to have found this one!!! The Pad Thai was absolutely delicious and spring rolls as well. Definitely coming back to try out other things on the menu next time!
It's now \"$3.49 Cleaners\".  They do a decent job but I finally realized they're the ones stapling the return ticket to the garment itself.  And I don't like little holes appearing on the fronts of my dress shirts.
My boyfriend introduced me to this place a few months ago, and it is the best.  The curry dishes are amazing.  Service is great they know our order by heart.  Tucked away in a random strip mall in Goodyear you would never know it was here.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
Go if you want to have drinks on the patio on a nice day.  Just expect to have to go to the bar to get your drinks because the service is not great .  The food isn't great on their normal menu and even worse on the spring training menu.  It's fun to have drinks at and play games outside.
Sushi was good but not amazing and for the price it should have been spectacular. Good service and decent crowd. Really expensive!
The yogurts ice cream is ok, but didn't like the cinnamon pretzel, too dry, the didnt even have anythibg to dip them to make them less dry.
Best local hot spot. Perfect place for a quick lunch, happy hour or late night fun. Great prices, friendly staff and fun atmosphere.. All age groups enjoy Jjs!
One of my favorite places to see a show.
The food was fine. Nothing really stood out, but it wasn't bad either.\n\nThe interior is in desperate need of updating. Everything looks worn out and tired.
Didn't disappoint! After a long day it hit the spot. The cashier was kind of rude though. I also ordered an extra garlic butter they forgot to give me so check your box.
um no thanks. expensive and not worth it. don't waste your money on this buffet-- the food selection was boring and mostly flavorless in my opinion, I would rather pay the same price for one exciting meal at a restaurant. upside though...bottomless mimosas/champagne for an additional charge.
This place is awesome.  We got right in when my son had croupe. The nurses and doctors are so caring.
Awesome! I was here a few years ago and it was just as fun.  It's a large open space with a huge dance floor and the people there were awesome.
Remarkably beautiful building with a stunning view. Those alone are worth a trip for dinner here.  Food was better than the average, but could be better for the price.  Hard to get to if you are unfamiliar to PHX. Valet the only way to park, otherwise, you have a long walk. We will eat here again.
Amazing show! Just saw it tonight and I as well as the crowd were laughing from start to finish. Well worth the price. You also get two free drinks included in the ticket price.
I didn't realize this was a franchise. The sandwich was okay. The live musician in the corner was unexpected. Parking is horrible. There's only a little lot, but they offer valet (which I always don't have cash for). Probably won't be back.
I've been here a couple of times for lunch and for dinner. The food has always been good, the service has been really good. It is a bit spendy for what you get and the interior is a little over the top, but I've been there three times so far so that hasn't stopped me.
What more can I say, it's Chili's nothing more or less. Basic bar and grill joint great for just hanging out. This location is usually busy because its on LV Blvd , however is close to 5 min from home. All in all its a nice place.
Sushi Mon never disappoints. It's a nice, casual sushi restaurant. The sushi is fresh and the rolls are good. The servers and sushi chefs are all very friendly and nice. Prices are decent.
We love this restaurant!  The food is simply too wonderful to describe.  Our goal is to sample every item on the menu.  They all sound wonderful.  If you love seafood prepared with style and imagination, you should check out this place.
Pharmacy service is the WORST! Don't even attempt to go through the drive through to drop off or pick up. It's no way faster or convenient. I get they're busy but hey don't be rude. Better off going to surrounding pharmacies for better service!
Horrible place they're thieves! Was are regulars downtown and would always stay at the El Cortez (im talking twice a month) until I walked in to security in my room whom had stolen a personal item out of my overnight bag. I highly recommend not staying there stay at the 4queens the dont change a resort fee!
Love this place! Fresh eggs, homemade hash browns, fresh squeezed orange juice, delish thick bacon, very reasonable prices....
Poor service!  I personally would recommend going anywhere but here. My group ended up leaving before we even ordered.
Good food Good service Good price\nCan't go wrong with that
Nice location, great service, clean, reasonably priced great sushi & dessert!  We want to try lunch specials.
My husband and I enjoyed our meal (El Grande) We recommend the tres leches cake. Yum! The flavor of the food all had a simmilarity and I think it was cominos or cumin powder. Even the beans were seasoned with it....hmmm. Otherwise, a flavorful experience!
This place has a unique gourmet menu.  My kids said the cheese pizza tasted like cardboard.
Service was good.  Food was terrible, from bread stick and dips to artichoke/goat cheese ravoli to seafood risotto.  My companion ended up with food poisoning, think it was the clams!   Would not go there again.
Not bad at all.
Nowhere else can you get Nars blush and a French Connection sweater at midnight, all while consuming a behemoth of a margarita without interruption. And a beer. And some gelato. \n\nI love you, Las Vegas.
I think this might be the best Applebee's in town. I have bad customer service problems at others in town but this one always seems to have great staff.
Too long to walk from one side to the next...how do you find the exit.
My first time here and I have to say I was quite surprised how nice it was on the inside. Customer service was excellent and very attentive. Music selection was huge and up to date plus the rooms are nice. Definitely coming here for my karaoke fix.
We either got the waiter's first night or they need improvement. It wouldn't have been that bad, but the food was over-priced for the quality, which was exacerbated by the service.\n\nI think it has potential, but a little ways to go.
It was another dinner in a pinch evening and this time we just got the pepperoni pizza. It was wonderful and reheated beautifully (microwave and then put in the over at 350 for about 7-10 min). GO JOE!
Very nice environment, with good view to the music fountain. The service was nice too, the a little bit pricy.
It was a year ago since i've been to Black Bear since I was just visiting in AZ. I ordered the steak for breakfast and it was fantastic. My bf and friend's orders were delicious as well. The food tasted great and when the bill came, I was shocked because it was half as much as I expected it to be.
Great bar area, specialty cocktails, and attentive service.  A long-awaited return... And will definitely be back soon!  Go and try the unique schochu infusions...
From the outside, this place looks normal enough. When you walk into the lobby and see the condition of this hotel, you might want to stay somewhere else. Rooms are cheap but you'll get what you paid for. The staff is friendly and courteous though, the owners need to invest some money in the quality and appearance of the place.
Sniff!  Cigarette smoke!\nThrill!  Gasp!  Electric fire!\nNouvel?  No!  Old-vel!
Recently moved here from East coast... and that means ALL new doctors.  We are very happy with Dr. Cohen and his staff.  They are extremely accommodating and go out of their way to please.  This was a great match for us.
The place was fairly easy to find, we were greeted and sat immediately despite the rush. Did take a while to get our drink order due to short staffing. Otherwise, the food totally made up for it! A nice, and much needed spot in the Mesa area!
I'll have to come back for a proper meal, but just had my first cup of pour over coffee (a medium roast of Bolivian origin) and it's an early frontrunner for best cup of java downtown! Staff is super friendly and place looks great, looking forward to brunching there this weekend.
They are quick and available to work with you on same  day appointments... the work performed is great there were no issues
The only good thing here is the hot soy milk. But the soy milk was room temp today. Service wasn't so great. Waitress sorta kept ignoring us. The plates and utensils were dirty. Again, try to come here for breakfast only for the soy milk.
Truly the worst service and most overpriced food on the planet!  Avoid this total disaster!  Wynn should be ashamed of himself!
fried chicken.. meat is moist but a bit bland.. skin has a nice, light crunch and good flavor.. the wasabi honey that comes on the side is just ok\n\nOxtail fried rice is good but unspectacular\n\nfriendly service
Overrated ..food was ok ..Dissatisfied with people saying its the best no its ok milk shakes tast like  McDonalds nothing big..
Not sure why such a backlash, this is one of the better pizza's I've in Vegas or anywhere for that matter.  The Sicilian style is my preference and one slice will do you just fine.  I seek this place out every trip to Vegas after a couple of adult sodas.
New owners errr! Don't even speak English !\nI showed her the picture and she still brought me the wrong dish !\nThe food is not fresh like before it tastes like dog , This place has no customer service skills.\nI will never return !
I had the fish tacos, which I used to love. Tonight they were meh. Service was okay. My friend had the warm pear salad and enjoyed that
Solid beers on tap (dogfish head 90 min, chimay) great cocktails and excellent service. \n\nThank you Daniel.
I have been trying to get some answers from Dr. White's nurse for weeks now. I've tried calling her directly, the billing department and have left messages with the office staff. How can you have a doctor's office that doesn't ever answer the phone?? They have lost another customer. Terrible customer service.
This place has a great menu and is also a great time too. We basically had appetizers and dessert while we listened to the band this time. But the food is delicious too!
This is just very bad bbq and poor service.   I have given it several chances and nothing has changed.   Will not be going back.
Great service and atmosphere.  The food is good - comfort food for the soul.
We love the pizza at Barros. The restaurant is always clean which is a pretty big deal as well!! They are usually really quick with the order, although on a friday night when it is busy you might have to wait a little bit, but not too bad. I think the price is pretty good as well.
Zipps yes everyone's been before, but this ones new clean and HUGE. Same great food and zipperitas. Make sure to add a shot of chambord.
I have been here quite a few times when I visit Vegas. This place is AWESOME!! Food price is very reasonable. I have tried different items every time and have yet to be disappointed. As well as there great customer service and prompt waiters.
9.90 for a cold wrap with tax. So much for street prices. The wrap was ok but the price is more than most of the better restaurants
You can not beat the steak and eggs special before 9am !\nNever had a bad meal here, Breakfast Lunch. Never ate dinner, only open on Friday evenings.\nStaff is attentive and friendly.\nVery casual Diner type atmosphere. Huge booths for big parties or privacy.
They're open year-round and they have the full DQ menu, though I rarely stray from the onion rings. I used to come here so often that I started to get paranoid I was becoming known as \"the blizzard guy.\"
located at Neonopolis, third time there, no disappointments,  fun, decent food, and they pour heavy!!
Food mediocre. Trying too hard to be a roadhouse.\nOur server lindsey was a bright spot, she deserves better support.  Too many other better choices in the area. We prefer Harolds Cave Creek, we should have stuck with that, but wanted to try something new. Oh well.
This Red Robin is ok, but that's the best I'll give it. They advertise bottomless fries but somehow my table was never offered any more orders of fries by our server. Guess you have to ask. Wait staff is pleasant but the noise level is a bit too loud.
2 salads, 2 iced teas, and the new  Moroccan Flatbread= Best Lunch in town.
Yummy food!!!! Period!!! Sandwiches are great!!! Customer service is great!!! I was at the counter while ordering, i was asking about the cake, they had on display and the guy gave me a free slice o cake cuz it was my first time there!!  cool place, good food.
Amazing food! Some of the best curry we have had! So craveable & authentic !!
Gotta love a good panang curry!\nI think I'll try the massaman next time and update. :]\n\nWatch out the medium is hot! Same as the thai basil a few streets over.
Been coming here for 10yrs. Dale and his team are best. They always go the extra mile for me and are very honest about their price. Thank you for the great service
Love them!  I first had them at the Farmer's market on Cactus and we ended up having them at our wedding as little \"sweet\" gifts for guests to take home. Everyone loved them:)
Excellent service! I couldn't have asked for better.
Bartenders are excellent. They flip bottles, perform magic tricks are attentive and make the out of town visitors feel at home. Crazy Mike is crazy and awesome. Food was good, not awesome, but good in general, and the prices are on par.
I applaud the healthy approach, but no taste at all.  If I am going to eat ice cream I want it to taste good.  I tried three different flavors with my kids and we chucked them all in the garbage after only a few bites.  Nice try, but this place is horrible...sorry!
It's okay, not a big airport but it gets us to where we need to go. The concessions are okay and the planes are usually on time. The staff are helpful when needed. it's easy to drive to as airports go. No complaints.
Hookers a plenty. Do not stay here!!!!! The room was dirty. There was a condom wrapper on the floor when I walked in and the gaming floor was swarming with prostitutes.  Do no stay here.
Fun place to hang out with friends. Pretty popular and very busy on the weekends. Had a lot of fun there and would recommend it.
This company is the bomb. One of the most creative and efficient  artists I have worked with. Amanda whips out amazing work faster than I have ever seen while still giving you that special quality experience. She has true vision as an artist and is so much fun to work with. I recommend her for any and all events you may have coming up.
We've gone to this Walmart a few times. On our last visit the store was in such disarray that we couldn't find what we were looking.
This place was terrible.  There aren't even words...
I had the Groupon for this service. It left white splotches in my car (even after it dried) and took an hour longer than he said he was going to. It is in the ghetto and there is nowhere to sit while you are waiting.
The worst food I've ever had. The meat was boiled which gave off a foul odor! I got beef fried rice and tofu pad tai! I'm hoping it wasn't boiled horse meat! \nIgnore the one star! It wouldn't let me post without!!!!
Decent sushi. Their unagi (BBQ eel) is terrible and that's my favorite. The salmon and other rolls are good.
The food is pretty good. The atmosphere leaves something to be desired.  \n\nI liked the potatoes quite a bit, and the sausage.\n\nI didn't like the overcrowded nature of the place.
This was my 1st show in Vegas, it was soooo worth the $$$ !!! I like how this cirque show doesn't travel and is particular to Vegas! Make sure you are in center, 1st or 2nd level for best seats! A-mazing performers!
This place is the best Mexican food I've ever had! Easily the best Mexican food in Champaign.  My only complaint is how small this place is.  They really need to expand and serve alcohol.  Also, since they're so close to campus,  the crowd can be a little unbearable.
Was worth every penny. Grapefruit and hamachi was my favorite dish. Can't wait to go back when squash blossoms are in season.
Best chili relleno in Charlotte. Love 1/2 price margaritas on Wednesday !
Excellent late night dining menu. Can't wait to go back during their regular hours. Service was great. Steven was our server and did a great job. Great margaritas!! :)
Chipped beef on toast, corned beef hash, biscuits and gravy and eggs maximillion all excellent!
***Closed***\n\nThis place wasn't bad but it is always sad to see a locally owned eatery close up shop.
So good!   Just got takeout, the grilled skirt steak and vegetables were incredible!   Looking forward to future visits and trying more of the menu!
I have never hated a company more than cox. The worst service and customer service of not only cable companies but any company in general. Everyday I think about just going without cable TV so I won't have to give this horrible company any business. If you have a choice, never ever choose cox.
Favorite place in Vegas. Must go everytime I am here.
Great food. The gumbo is excellent. The atmosphere is relaxed. Definitely going back.
My friend and I happened to walk in one day and loved our services. She got a full set and I got a gel mani. The workers are all friendly. Tina did my nails and she is really good. I went today again and I'm planning on going back to her in the future.
I love coming to this blimpies. Cal, Neil and the rest of the staff are so sweet and the food is always amazing. Wayy better than subway.
Nothing special about the food here.  The burger was mediocre (patty is thin and dry), the buns are way too thick and overwhelm the burger itself, and the fries are way too greasy.  You'll fare better going to Johnny Rockets for a burger just a few stores down.
It's pretty pricy for the crappy food, they have a bar, so you pay extra for the alcohol, \n\nI don't really have much to say, it kinda sucked to be honest
My husband and I went here for lunch during the week and it was terrible. The portions are small, the service is well below average and the food was not good. We ordered the pulled pork sandwich , and it was extremely dry. The burger was ok, but the fries were burned and salty.  Never Again!
Great food. Wicked slow service.
I have been here a few times and have always liked both the food and service.  The food is so good that it is difficult to avoid ordering more than I know I can eat in one sitting; I always have to try different dishes.
It isn't a trip to Vegas for me without dinner at Todd English's Olives   Our meal was excellent as always.   A draw back is the restaurant is noisy so if you are looking for a quiet dinner for two, this will not be the place.   If you are looking for a fastastic meal you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu
Fresh, hand made dough and high quality toppings make for excellent pizza, and these guys serve it up every day. I usually get a slice and salad combo which end up at about $7-8 depending on toppings. The owners are good people, they provide a high quality meal and good service too.
Would give 0 stars if I could.   Bed bugs in this hotel . Yes BED BUGS. ROOM 16350 has bed bugs. Will not recommend staying here. Its like gambling if you will get bitten or not!!!
Pricey, but I've been coming here for 10+ years!! lol
the place gets the best ratings when it comes to the atmosphere. The service was mediocre, the food was mediocre, but the atmosphere and the selection of beer was incredible.\nmight be a good place to hang with the guys and do a fantasy draft?
40+ years in business at the same location can give you an idea how consistently fresh and delicious the food is. You won't be disappointed so go and try the whole menu!
I have gone to the salon for 2 years.  Everyone is excellent.\n Tina is fantastic.  Kathy, Joe and Diamond  are efficient and friendly.\n The salon is very clean.  I love going here for a relaxing pedicure.
The saying goes \"Let's just go to the Vig\" always seems to apply. Just can't go wrong. Good food, good people, good times.
Cool for sure, great design and staff. The dishes are great however the quality of product is meh. I like being there, i just feel ripped eating there:/
I like their selection of soy sauces including brands such as Kikkomen. They also have several variations of bulk rice at reasonable prices. One of the biggest draws of this supermarket are all of the Asian specialties - most of which I am unfamiliar with.
Decent timely service for a tolerable price in an uncomfortable, loud van.
Good food. Pricey.  Service wasn't very good considering it was slooow.  If I was craving a burger I would go there again.
I feel like nothing beats Road Runner for speed so I guess that is the only reason I stay with them. Other than that, I feel like the price goes up every year with out any additional value. The service is okay at best.
I remember Arby's quality being better about 10 years ago. The sandwiches were filled with roast beef and the prices were great. Now they barely put roast beef in the bread and the prices have gone up too much. I used to enjoy it a lot, but times have changed
Amazing sushi! Made with love and plenty of flavors! Fresh, affordable with great personalized service from the twin chefs....it's the perfect joint for a cozy dinner or lunch or even take out. Fusion at its best! Ask for the specialities of the house - you will love them!
3/5
Whole foods is great for natural/organic specialty items, such as health and wellness items, but for everyday grocery shopping it's too expensive. I would choose Trader Joe's which is located right down the street on McClintock and Guadalupe for everything else.
They've checked my wife's car before when I went out to LV to visit family. Gave me a great deal on an oil change that I needed. If you're visiting LV and looking for an honest operation, check them out there.
I often go to the subway with my children. Every time I eat there I get stomach issues. They are mishandling of their meats or something is just not right with the food. I am not going here again. I don't have this issue with other subway locations.
Reviews are 100% correct.   Food is outstanding and very authentic!!!   Beware that the place DOES not look that impressive from the outside, but rest assured the Food is outstanding!
The foods are suck. We expect a good quality food but it did not happen in this buffet. TAKE YOUR MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. If u want to eat crab with ice, then enjoy.
Great food for the money and the service was excellent.  The lunch buffet had a nice assortment of diverse flavors. Although the Pad Thai was a little bland for my taste, everything else was very tasty.  I am looking forward to my next visit!
These guys have an attitude that smell for miles.  Will never go there, no chance even if they give me significant discounts.
The food here is always delish!!!! Good pricing as well for the amount of food! We enjoy it a lot!
Good pizza, good wings, great garlic knots. A good garlic white sauce is available on the pizza if you want. Tyler is very friendly and accommodating, he even gave us a couple of cinnamon caramel knots for dessert. We will definitely be back.
They served left over pasta. Yes it came out of portioned zip locked bags. Sauce was absolutely not fresh, nothing was! With the amount of great restaurants in montreal that serve fresh food, it hurst to pay for less than passable food. Stay away!!
Great happy hour! Good food!
they closed!\n\nnooooooooo...where will i get kimchi from now  :(
This bar is a beautiful mess. Absolutely hilarious and a must-hit spot on any bar crawl. I would recommend making this your last stop - it's always better at that point when you have no idea what you're doing anymore.
Just give it a try. Anything I say will not do it justice. A perfect special occasion go to. This place will be on top for a very long time.
Great tv set up. Comfortable food. When the new owners took over and remodeled the inside, not sure why they didn't Change the kitchen, the food is a 2/10 at best. Great for all sports, food strongly not recommended.
Meh.  Sure to please the gringos looking for bland Americanized McMexican fare.   A couple extra touches would help, like warming up the chips. I didn't try the drinks, so no comment there. Location and atmosphere are nice.
Over priced, food was not anything special, bad service.\n\nDoes have good atomosphere, that is about it
THE Salon is such a great place to work! As a hairstylist I love the idea that we are more of a family then co workers. The people I work for are passionate in their work and their creativity shows it. Clients leave happy and have a great time when they are here. THE Salon is a hidden gem no doubt!
It is exactly what you think.\nBe prepared for a crowd.
Alittle disappointed they were out of our choice beer for this meal on a Saturday! And the pizza seemed greasier then I remember it:(   \nMaybe I just need a break from eating regular pizza, gluten free dough treats me well. \n4 stars-Still a great Italian place for the price.
Love shopping here.  I do wish it wasn't so crowded but I guess that keeps everything so fresh. I've always been able to find whatever I was looking for.
Lei has done an incredible job!  The simplicity, creativity, style, and taste is unmatchable.  The store is very nice and clean! Plenty of room to sit and enjoy your creation!  I Totally challenge the skeptical to taste them, you'll be hooked.\nKeep up the good work!
The music great but the drunken crowd was horrible...everyone was pushing and shoving. The whole time I was there I asked myself where security was to regulate. I didn't like the atmosphere and security needs a whole lot of work.
YogurtLand is my #1 spot for frozen yogurt, but Swirl It is coming up pretty close. They definitely have more toppings than YogurtLand. Pretty chill spot, we sat outside next to the lake, I love the location.
Felt it was a greasy pit of processed food.  Really let down with all the other reviews i read... it was nothing what others described.
Had a great experience here the other night. The curry scallops were amazing. It was nice to see managers talking to guests on a busy night. Sometimes nice restaurants leave out that personal touch. Will def. Come back my next visit and try new food.
A little gem on Carson!
Egg Sandwiches sucked, i was visiting AZ on business i only went in because it was next to starbucks,  place kinda smelled funky too.
My boyfriend loves this store!! There are old, rare books that you won't ever see nowhere else. It's a very cool place to stop in and take a look around!
Trend sucking expensive pizza, come on now 22 bucks for a medium 3 topping pizza.  I especially liked the counter dweeb taking 10 minutes to scan the two twenties I gave him.  Must have had a rash of middle aged men passing fake 20's.  I pass.
Looking to play? Look elsewhere greens are like bubble wrap. I was behind a group of six. They were so slow a group of eight caught us. We trees off at 1:50 and it was too dark to play by the 12th hole. Stay away don't be fooled by the affiliation with Troom golf.
if you are unsure of your travel plans/might cancel a flight, don't do spirit.\nnonrefundable, no-sympathy people at the phones, they even offered to cancel my $75 flight with a $125 cancellation fee. what...?
The hotel was clean and the hotel staff was very freindly and welcoming! The only problem I had was that the walls are pretty thin and you can hear people in the next room.
The food is very good, but very slow. I went for lunch today and it took a very long time for 3 sandwiches and soups. I would not bother going again.
I have been to many great restaurants and this meal ranked in the top 20 of all-time. We had the tasting menu and I highly recommend it. Great restaurant with a fantastic view1
Solid player in the wing kingdom.  Probably the best in LV.  The owner was very accommodating giving me 4 flavors to try for my order.  All food was hot & fresh.  Odd locale but I can overlook it for the food.
Stopped in accidently.  Great food!  Pizza, yum, meatballs, yum, Eggplant, yum, cream puffs, yum.  Eddie and Shirley, yum ;-)
Terrible!  Turkey sandwich with hardly any turkey. Nice place but what a rip off!  Even the free yogurt was lousy. Ok, the chips were OK. First time and the last too.
A solid pub fayre\nDrink specials during the week\nCentral location
As a non beer drinker it is nice to find a pub that places as much emphasis on its food as its beverages.  The menu contains items that have just the right amount of creativity and comfort.  Well done Mr. May.
What happened to you Outback!? We have been frequenting you for years and the last several times we have been there - were very disappointing!  Food served cold, steaks not cooked to order, and one time we had a very rude Server, (female). Goodbye Outback.
Good stuff, could use more flavors thought. Many toppings nice staff but a bit expensive for what you're getting
Always nice people here! Pretty fast full service carwash (even on busy days) comfortable waiting area indoor & out! Tv is always on sports Bonus!
I'm sure there are many ways to say \"it's fine,\" mediocre, ok, so so... You get the point.  It's a functional meal.  I was hungry and now I'm not, but I won't remember this meal by tomorrow.
The Doctor is Great!
Went for breakfast there a couple weeks ago with friends. Good food, good service. Will definitely go again.
Great family friendly place!! The atmosphere  was really nice, whether you sat inside or outside. The food was great and the cocktails were delicious!
Very impressed with the food, prices, service and look.  Great family atmosphere with really good stuffed burgers. I recommend the Firehouse Burger with sweet potato fries.  I also had the Dry Rub wings and will say they are hard to beat.  I'm very impressed and will definitely recommend this to my friends!
Over priced and over hyped. You'd be better off going to a high end fancy restaurant if you want to spend that much money on ice cream and desserts. At least you know you're paying for the quality.
I went back again and this place it's still great. The best hamburgers in Las Vegas for a reasonable price
I love Pita Jungle always fresh and delicious.
Amazing combinations of out of the ordinary things and flavors, our server was very knowledgeable and attentive. A+ from beginning to end.
It can be good, it can be bad. Never attempt to order food for delivery from here. It will take well over an hour and be ice cold and mushy. There is much better drunk food. There is much better sober food. \n\nChipotle is better than this Qdoba
Bartender was rude. Girl w/short hair in particular. She was NOT friendly towards my friend and I. But as soon as some dudes sat down, girl perked right up. Second BWW I've been to, with TERRIBLE service.
no servers inside.  no one checked to see if we even wanted a drink.  left to try something else.  530pm
Everyone else enjoyed it, so I guess I'm on my own.  It was just OK.  It went too long for my tastes, so my friend and I ditched out after an hour and change.  I think it was close to over, but we had seen enough lip syncing for a night.
5 for FREE internet access everywhere; 3 for very loooong trip from checkin desks to the actual gates! And no special lines for elite members. Everyone in the same long lines.
I don't get this salon.  I went there after work on a Tuesday and the salon was dead.   I asked for a pedicure and was told I couldn't get in till Friday?  They need a new business model.
Best. Buffet. In.. Vegas.\n\nEven. For. Vegetarians.\n\n:)\n\nFree shuttle there too from the strip since it's a few miles away :)
a cozy breakfast spot similar to dennys or kings minus the shit your pants feeling you get from dennys or kings.  ive only eaten breakfast here cant speak on the other foods but if you can make a bomb breakfast lunch and dinner should be similar.
It reminded me of an expensive Dennys.  In no hurry to go back.   My hamburger  was supposed to be medium came rare and since the waitress was originally pleasant and quickly changed the 98 dollars we spent I would have been happy to have at least service w a smile.   The manager kept staring but not one word was said to us.
My fav mall???? No, but it has two stores that I do adore and when im in a rush this place is the one to stop by since you can get in and out relatively quick. It a mall, but not the greatest but nonetheless still a mall.
The truffle corn!  This is my personal steakhouse, though there are many to choose from in Vegas.  You can also get genuine (non-poser) Kobe steak for $42 an ounce (last I remember).  I haven't had a bad experience here yet.
This has become one of my favorite midtown places. Food is top notch. The first few times I went there the wait staff was a little crabby but for about a dozen times since they've been super friendly. Breakfast is stellar and the local ingredients make a big difference in the taste.
Obsessed with everything I had during my visit. The Reuben was so delicious- they don't skim on any of the ingredients. The matzah ball soup is THE BEST I have ever had. From la to New York, nothing beats the matzah balls here!
Consider the destination on its own. As far as food goes, it's decent. Service about average.
This place is Yummy. Must get a cheese crisp, with your meal. The only down side is that they take cash only. Wait that's a good thing, because their prices are so reasonable. My friend highly recommended it, and I also highly recommend it.
It's basic clean and fulfills te purpose of a gym rather than an annoyingly overcrowded show off social hour. Was surprised to see one of the trainers being aggressively impatient with an elderly man but not the gyms fault he's a jerk.
The worst place in Las Vegas for service. It sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!! They train their people to not make eye contact. Takes forever for food or drink. Lard ass bartender is a joke. Tall and stupid . \nI would not recommend this place to anyone.
A great spot to enjoy a nice dinner and hang with your friends!  tip: ask for \"Roman\".   This guy is awesome!  Probably one of the best servers you'll have.
Just had my car jump started by Naji. He was so fast and professional!!! Thank you 777 Towing!!! :-)
FAIL.  Something made my stomach uncomfortable.  My buddy's food didn't look good either.  There are some cute girls that work here but I probably won't be back unless its just for beer.  I went to the bathroom and saw most of the staff at the table playing cards.  I don't think they care much.
Packaged pastrami individually packaged then microwaved??? Naaa....no thanks. Charge me 11 for a tiny microwavable? Double no
Store is closed down and no longer there. It has been bulldozed
4.23.2011  My car was vandalized here last night.  No parking lot cameras, no security.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  I am a Platinum Elite member and really disappointed in the overall handling of the situation.
Wow...one of the best burritos I have ever tasted!  Good service, nice, cozy atmosphere and downright tasty food.  We enjoyed the pollo burrito and are still talking about it a week later...it was that good!  We will definitely be back and you should get yourself there quickly too.
tried to go there the other night and it was closed-they recently got into trouble hiring non-licensed therapists and all locations are shut down because of it
Love this place! Drop in any time and spend 30 bucks for an awesome hour massage! I try to swing by once a week after a long work day!! Go treat yourself!
This is great anytime of the day.
Disappointing compared to Thai Elephant which is about a mile away.  I was disappointed with the Chicken Peanut Curry.  It was like getting a bowl of bland peanut soup with chicken and dry vegetables in it.   \n\nThe spring role was good that came with the lunch entree.
Terrible bloody mary that took ten minutes to get. Service was slow, watched manager come out and apologize multiple times to dissatisfied customers.  Food was mediocre at best.   Beautiful building and decor is the only thing this place has to offer.
Food was amazing. Wait staff was very nice and helpful. Outside seating had a very nice ambiance
We went to Shucks for the first time yesterday for breakfast.The food was delicious! My husband had the crab and lobster omelette and it was sooooo good! The prices are great and the service was great! We will definitely be going back :)
I wanted to like this place, but the food wasn't very good. Don't come here if you are a vegetarian.
The only stylist that was really good no longer works here so I won't be going back. Had someone else cut my hair and it was definitely not right. This place has gone downhill
My experiences with Avante Print Center are always pleasant.\n\nSince the beginning of our business relationship they have helped me customize and maximize my marketing efforts with no hassle whatsoever. I will always go back to them for amazing prices, great customer service and the wonderful \"family owned and operated\" feel.
Service was sloooooooow. Asked for(twice) and waited for our bill for 30+ minutes. Hard to enjoy the dinner with frustration after the meal.
Mmmmmm...Had their Croque Monsieur. Was delicious. The chocolate croissant? Not so much. Bread is fresh baked and so are the pastries. I would definitely go back again.
Solid. Fresh and delicious. Get the original! The beef is delicious.
terrible experience - food, service, everything.
Great food! I was lookin for something to eat that was close to where I was workin and I found Jimmy G's. Had no idea it was here but very happy I found it though!
If you want \"waterfront\" in the desert, the the Chart House is the place to dine.  Situated in McCormick Ranch on a man made lake, this restaurant is nothing too special.  I started with the Chart House Salad which had a little too much dressing on it
Definitely a new favorite.  I had a small with wedding cake flavor and it was awesome!!!  it had a hint of coconut.  next time I plan to try it with the creole cream.
this place blows. how many shoe and embossed Jesus picture dealers do you need? if you're in the market for bootleg stuff and grey market goods this is the place. Could count on one hand how many used stuff dealers there were. save your $2.
Is it just me or is every CVS extremely slow in their business? There are never any people behind the registers so every time I'm here I have to find someone to check me out. Then when I finally do get someone, they are beyond slow. It takes forever to get in and out of there!
Cute restaurant, food is delicious, though not amazing. Great for a quick bite. Southern Italian cooking. Dessert menu very small. They do feature an item from the NFL Chefs - Taste of the NFL Hunger Challenge, which is really cool!! Atmosphere okay. Plenty of parking.
The food was good.  Not awesome, but good nonetheless.  The bread is  awesome.  And the garlic dip for the bread is extremely tasty!  Compared to other brazillian steakhouses, the  meats were not overly flavorful.\n\nThe cocktails were very generous and tasty!  Overall a good dinner.
Great and friendly atmosphere. Seasonal and regional menu; very accommodating.\nOpen for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I got to meet the 2 owners; brothers, who are very friendly. Menu changes 8 times a year. With time, this will easily be 5 stars.
Just bought a pair of boots at Sabas and had great service.  Very knowledgeable lady helped me.
SImilar to cheesecake factory\n\n+1 open late\n+1 great food\n+1 servers are tolerable of all the drunk people\n+1 HUGE servings\n+1 decent prices considering its a touristy area
The sole employee working there was very sweet and helpful.  The store looked very clean but the selection of popcorn was wanting.  I have been to the Popcorn Girl many times and am a fan.  This place is smaller and actually more expensive.
Good but nothing extraordinary.  Stopped on my way through Vegas.  Employees were friendly.  Pizza is better than the chains but not off the charts great.
This is the worst nail salon in Vegas, they are rude and speak in some foreign language the whole time you are there, your servicing americans, speak our language which happens to be English.  The prices are expensive and they act like they deserve more then they give   Speak English Ban this place go to English speaking spas
We went last night.  The owner is lovely, friendly.  Excellent service and great Thai food!  Very pleasantly surprised.
Very entertaining and tastefully topless show that has something for everyone!  Includes vocals, dance, aerial silks & aerial hoop.
Hmmmmm, multiple employees and no one wanted to help, we finally received help and she tried really hard but was unsure of what was what and had to keep asking other workers (who didn't want to help her).  Not the place to go when buying gas long inserts and custom surrounds!
I didn't wake up as a doctor.
Great atmosphere. Good food and service.  Even getting kicked out didn't damper the festive mood.  Or maybe that is why we were tossed.  Anyway, thanks to Ed, we made an earlier than planned departure, but the party just finished at his house.
I was nervous about going to this place because of how it looks from outside. After reading the review I decided to go and I am glad I did because the donuts were SO good I will definitely go back!
We had a family dinner here. The food was fine but a bit overpriced. Nice dessert selection and the service was good.
Dinette is fantastic! Great wine, great coffee, incredible pizza and salads and of couer the dessert is good too. The atmosphere is casual, trendy. Our wait to be seated was long, but well worth it. Much to love about Dinette.
Very spicy BBQ! Great place to hang out and watch the game.
Started with some salty crab puffs and some excellent chicken egg rolls. Nothing to rave about. Wouldn't go back.
good service, OK food, feels like another america food place...nothing special. Asked for a M burger and got well done. hate it when it happens.
No stars.. We just walked out. Terrible service. Different menu than online by like 10-15$.. Just not very good. \nHave to give discount ticket to EVERYONE before even ordering.. Suspious... \nProbably never do back
Overall, the food was delicious and the atmosphere and the service was great! Just two things: their Pisco Sour needs improvement (it was missing some ingredients) and they need to incorporate the Peruvian Cebiche! Trust me, I'm Peruvian! Other than that, I would definitely come back again!
The dining area is freezing! I kept my jacket on and I'm still cold. Had the Chopped Salad. The arugula was wilted, but otherwise it was good. Not sure why they use dried corn instead of regular corn, though. Kinda weird.
A helluva a good time.  Very different and unlike anything I'd seen before.  Other reviewers have a lot of detail so I won't bother, just wanted to get my 5 stars in.
Sushi bar was such a bad deal. Definitely not the best sushi I've had in my life...in the US...or even in Arizona. The sashimi dinner plate is acceptable, but again, the quality of sushi here is pretty low. After a while it just tastes watery.
Favorite restaurant!!! Mmm. White bean chili soup is the best I've ever had, loved the steak, fried chicken, fingerling potatoes and more! Can't go wrong
The sushi was awesome. The Sasa handroll was great. The service on the other hand was not.
Brunch was delicious!  I enjoyed the scrambler - all components were cooked perfectly.  Loved the beer bread.  Others in the party recommended the omelets as well.  Generous portions, reasonably priced and fun atmosphere.
Wouldn't even rate them one star. Worst customer service ever. Plus they tell you one thing and when that doesn't happen and you call back they tell you something completely opposite. Happened to me three times. Do NOT use Cox!
Ordered: Lobster and eggs.\n\nMiddle school tater-tots\nDidn't taste the lobster in the eggs\n\nWasn't worth my $10 :/
If a neighborhood Chicago bar had gambling, this would be it. The low-limit tables are the only asset I can see. Go for the people watching and to practice without losing a fortune.
I was very impressed with the quality of food.  A great destination for those who are looking for an organic, very tasty meal.  I'd definetely go back.
Dirty, service sucks, and music horrible.
We were at the Wildhorse for a fundraiser a few weeks back. The course was in phenomenal shape and the team running the Wildhorse was up to par! We had massive requests in which all were fulfilled with a group of 400. A great place to attend a round or organize an event
Way too big!  Not intimate! It seems they jsut tried to make a giant-gaudy club.  They succeeded.  The only positive is that the place is beautiful and if you do want to escape the packed, smelly dance floor, you can go outside and just relax.
I love the concept, I think it would be cool to see some good barmaids/dancers entertaining the crowd but... all we saw were big fat asses girls in need of attention and free shots. The Coyotes themselves don't even know how to move, nah, this place is a dump.
Great prices, great products, great variety, great staff, decent beer selection... I love Trader Joes.
passionate and friendly service, delicious healthy food at a very fair price. I'll definitely be back soon!
Wow.  Amazing cakes.  Massive portions. What's not to love? Hmm, the price.  The lunch portions were good but the price, it's set to rival the posh hotels in town which is why it only gets 4 starts instead of 5.
This is a dive bar in a rough neighborhood. Good strombolli sandwiches and tall drinks/shots.  Cheap.  Filled with locals.  Can't smoke in the restaurant side. Aging waitresses who have seen it all, yet deliver decent service.\n\n2 TVs on sports channels and some video poker inside.
I completely understand that this place closed shorty after its opening. \nIt was the worst Indian food I've had in Canada.   Flavourless.
Waitress (jen) was nice but we waited very long for the food. Food also not too tasty. Ordered the chicken crepes and were cold when they came out.
Courteous, helpful and knowledgable about their products. Can sometimes feel a bit pushy about products. Enormous and magnificient collection of hats and scarfs, however small collection of gloves, but all of very good quality. Highly recommended if you are ready for quality. Stay away if not.
I can't think of a reason in the world NOT to go here !!   food was great - server was genuinely responsive - cute place with a good vibe - excellent happy hour prices.   Check it out !
Food is decent but they allow smoking in this place. Last I remember you aren't allowed to smoke in bars. I won't be back because of the smoking. Too bad because food was good enough to go back
Fave chocolate brand. Helpful staff. Beautiful displays. Gorgeous, giftable truffle collections. Recommend the Oaxaca, Black Pearl, Naga. Love Vosges founder Katrina Markoff - inspiring entrepreneur, fantastic visionary.
Saw Mike Tyson! Hahaha Sweeet
Watched their while they were at the Harrah's Hotel and Casino.\nA lot of fun. Hard to imagine while Australian guys can perform so well with their tribute to Motown.
Nice clothes but a little pricey.  I was able to find 3 tops at a half off for around $13.00.  I would not buy unless it was a sale price.
Yummy, grilled octopus, fresh fish, warm bread with amazing Taziki. Lovely hostess (maybe owner), whenever we land at YUL, straight to Ella Grill. Not commercial, NO GYROS...high quality GREEK food, with Montreal ambiance !
Yum. I love this place and it's staff. I always come here when I'm in Vegas. The sandwiches and other plates are huge. You can easily share one item between two people. Even their soup, one order is 3 or so bowls.
Love this place! My wife thinks I'm crazy but catfish, eggs, and grits are the best! Everything was tasty and the service was good as well. They are out of the way, off of MLK, but worth the drive. Their coffee could be better too, but not bad.
The pane caprese salad is amazing! The bar staff is super nice and provides quick service. Wine list with interesting selections- they even offer tastes if you would like. A great addition to the options here up in North Phoenix.
You know what you're going to get: delivery/take-out pizza. I'm not expecting gourmet anything and I'm not disappointed.\n\nThey're fast, efficient and consistent. I usually order online and pick it up -- the people behind the counter are always pretty friendly.
I love Total Wine, but am disappointed by a rude employee there. John is rude to customers and other employees and he has no clue about customer service. I will not be returning to that store because of him.
Not authentic mexican food as advertise, disappointed.\nBurn beef, hard to bite commercial flour tortilla, nothing to be excited about, maybe the only mexican is the owner, sad.
I went to this place because of the good review on Yelp. I'm not disappointed! Hair and a bit of my beard for $20.
This use to be my favorite boba spot, until I kept getting drinks with funky tasting boba. Honestly, the last 2 times I went the boba tasted so disgusting I couldn't even drink the milk tea.
Salon Faith is a great place for all of your hair care. They are very friendly and helpful. My 14 year old daughter gets the best treatment ever at this place. She love the fact that she gets the full hair treatment every time she makes honor roll at school. She hasn't missed honor roll yet!
Great place to get ur car washed. Great friendly people. Best of all a clean car!
A bit apprehensive going in after reason some past reviews but ended up pleasantly surprised. Katsu chicken was crispy outside, moist inside. Sushi tasted and looked fresh, especially the salmon nigiri (my fave!). Lunch was 20$ and was filling.  Would come here again.
This lounge has CLOSED.\nBlush has taken its place.
Sad news...the salon has gone out of business. Any suggestions for a quality style and cut downtown?
Will not ever go back here, very bad service, and the femail manager is obviously unhappy with her position there because she does not practice customer service. We were personally attacked for not leaving tip of 20% or more to a waitress that was not doing her job!!!!
yes,,you will enjoy.eat a sammy, grab a bowl a soup..yinz will be back
If you are looking for beer selection - great place, but food is not so good. Fish and chips - fish not crispy and chips very greasy. Beef sandwich with au jus - high sodium.  Fried pickles covered in oil. Waitress - very good stopped by to check on us at just the right time.
I recommend the happy hour or reverse happy hour for drinks. The pretzel with beer cheese is also amazing. That's about it though. Service is meh. Pizza meh. Prices meh...
Good steak burritos and tacos.
Gave this place two chances.  The first in Santa Barbara and was just ok. The 2 nd time here and there was absolutely NO taste to the meat.  I'm over it and back to other establishments.
Well all my friends recommend this place so I tried it.  20 bucks to run it through the machine after he lightly sprayed it with a hose.  Once it cleared the wash a dude wiped it down quickly.  Maybe the interior wash is more detailed but not worth $20 for the outside and quick wipe.
It rules, I love the Hoegaarden as well as the the salmon, and Lamb Vindaloo pasties.  This is probably my favorite restaurant in Tempe.  There is one really good pasty but I'm keeping it a secret.
Super disappointed with the seating. If your going to offer movies in the crappy theater rooms. Have more show times
I an rating this 4 stars because the turkey and brie sandwich was one of the best I've ever had. The cannoli, however, was borderline terrible.
Simply the best chinese take out I have ever had. the steamed vegetables with tofu are not only healthy but also delicious. Very surprised! PS: You will love this place if you are from Taiwan like me.
The pepperoni 's tasted stale. I couldn't believe they would send that nasty pizza out. My family could not eat this horrible pizza.
What an amazing concept, such thought goes into every burger and it shows. Try every burger, trust me it's worth it.\n\nPS: Shakes are an added plus.
The staff and members are super friendly and eger to help. I've always feel welcome.... I can't say enough good things
Isn't Wolfgang Puck known for his pizza? I ordered a pepperoni pizza, which you would think was simple enough, and it came out looking like a grease pie. It was covered in that orange grease and the plate was soaked with it.
Had a wonderful breakfast today.  Pecan wood smoked bacon, eggs and a biscuit.  Next time I want to try the bacon sampler platter.  I must have seen 10 of them go out today while e were there.
Won't be back.  Food was bland, coke was flat, & 3 shrimp on the salad.  $50.00 lunch with tip.  Service was excellent.  Typical bar joint...nothing special.
The jungle curry rice bowl is absolutely delicious. Actually all of their rice bowls are great. Also love their tacos, veggie burger, sweet potato fries and all of their tropical drinks.
I had the breakfast Cabo burrito, it is delicious and served on a plate with thinly sliced apples, it is a great way to start your day!
Good place to see dance. Steep rake on Mezzanine seating
Don't waste your time or money on this place. Message was good. I was there with my cousins and was paying for everything and they completely forgot about me in the resting area. They had already finished they're pedicures and quite frankly could care less.\nI am in Vegas quite often and I would NEVER go back.
Only federal park in the state great for a walk with honey, dog or self to clear off the Vegas aggression. 4 lakes to stare at and relax in nature great place for a picnic.  No trash cans so pack it in pack it out
Meh. I've experienced better. The food is mediocre and the service is slow. For better pad thai try Spice Island Tea House.
Zoe is a great baker and all of her cakes and baked treats are amazing! She can take any idea and make it into a masterpiece. You are amazing at what you do! :)
Cheap eats in a fantastic hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Long lines on the weekend evenings but worth it. Get your slice and a PBR draft then settle into the lounge area out front and watch some pool, foosball or just people watch.
Great atmosphere, nice food, great portion size for Tapas, staff is extremely awesome, very sexy uniforms, got to see the most expensive leg of Proscuitto explained to us by a local chef from Kihei!
This location has been under new ownership and very well run now. The place is very clean, customer service has been top notch, and they have been more than generous with their toppings. I'll visit again and again.
Great little sushi place. Everything was great and the rolls were very original. The Leo roll was great!
Very good food! I tried it after the article about 21 best sandwiches in Phoenix. The Reuben was good, but looked nothing like the picture. Great place to enjoy a great AZ day
One of my favorite Sushi places. We go here for lunch quite regularly. Monday's by one get one special roll deal is awesome. Get the Poppin Roll - you won't be disappointed. The Dirty South is also a favorite. If you want an appetizer - get the garlic edamame.
I'm not a fan but I enjoy drinking at the bar area. So if you're coming to drink ... not so bad. If you're coming to eat ...  ah you might think again!
Staff working in the handbag/accessories department was super friendly. She and I bonded over the Dead Kennedys and Interpol -- made the shopping experience fun! Really fits the Barney's New York standard.
Great gluten-free choices and like the new menu options!  Our server Patrick was great!!
I like it a lot. pastor and  carne Asada  burritos are bomb.
If you want fast food Mexican, go to Taco Bell. The food is good but I can't give them 5 stars. EVERY time I order they mess something up. If you order from the menu no problem but if you want something take off like tomatoes they will still be on there.
Dinner tonight was terrible! Salad was not fresh , calamari and baked potato were not warm. To their credit, wait staff was pleasant and manager took the food back and removed it from our bill. I think if you are coming to drink and watch a game you may have better luck. Just don't expect quality food.
Favorite lunch spot. Love to come here and watch the planes take off!
Perfectly fine place. Don't have to high expectations. Priced right and clean rooms. Seems removed from Vegas being it's  kinda far from the strip. Overall not bad w limited frills. Casino seems brighter than most, no real atmosphere.
I am a fan of Z tejas, but it IS a chain. It is very good for a chain restaurant, but hardly deserving of 4 or 5 stars. Decent casual southwestern inspired food. Service is is hit and miss, and the food is tasty, but average.
Very small 'hole in the wall' place.     Took forever to get our food.  The food was authentic, but I don't think worth the wait.
Compared to other buffets in the Strip, this place is definitely sub par.\nThe dining area looks nothing like a resort standard restaurant.\nVery limited food options and poorly presented. The only two things that were worth the money were crab legs and prime ribs and theyre not even seasoned well.
Pricey pub-grade food with an Asian twist. Decor is great but service is tense and slow. Cocktails are watery at best (we tried 2). \n\nSeriously, I don't get the appeal. \n\nAvoid.
Very creative food options for those who are vegetarian, vegan, raw, etc. Love that they are organic and make everything fresh! Many many options as well. Love the feel of the place! The vegan cheesecake was so delicious! That was our favorite! Love to support healthy, local places!
Worst Dairy Queen. They didn't know what butter pecan ice cream was. They also refused to sell a blizzard in a waffle cone like they advertise on TV. Long wait at the drive thru.
Very lively, comfortable spot. The food is great and well worth a visit while you are in Scottsdale.
Place was good enough that i'd come back. Chicken was just a little salty. Really enjoyed the fries with that fry sauce. The dude who was runnin the desk seemed like good people, other than being a Cubs fan lol. Gotta support local mom and pop joints like this though!
With the addition of WiFi, this cafe now gets 5 stars. Great service, great food, cosy atmosphere, able to work from there too now.
The good service and cleanliness cannot overcome overcooked and stringy lobster and king crab legs. First time, last time.
One elevator, stairs lead to fire doors, no goodie bag though I am a Priority club member, no fridge or microwave. Bed was comfortable though. Stayed in better HIs. Won't be back to this one, let alone this part of Phoenix again!
Nice decor. No entertainment.  Enough said.
Easy simple access, cozy casino and mid strip convenient.. No frills..
Great food!!! Cheap prices!!!! I can't believe this place has been here for so long and I never eaten here. The service is good and the food is delicious! Way better than IHOP, Dennie's, and Egg works. Just make sure you get before 3pm.
I remember loving the Isobar back in 2005/2006, but these days it's seems to lack any real character.\n\nThe staff are welcoming enough, and the drink selection is pretty good (and well priced), but the place feels a little sterile.
This place sucks compared to newer hotels.  The air filters in the room looked like it has not been changed in over a year. For the 3 days I stayed, I kept smelling cigarette smoke, probably from the last person that stayed there and my room was supposed to be for non-smoking.
I was really looking forward to going here, what a let down. Nothing special about the food here. The burger I would rate average at best and cold fries. Nothing special about this burger.
Best pho place in az.
I've only been here a few times.  \nBut I never feel cool enough when I go.
;( RIP Chuy's
One of my favorite places for an easy, casual breakfast, brunch, or even lunch. The staff is consistently friendly and the food is tasty. Wonderful options for vegetarians (like me) and vegans (try their awesome vegan french toast!)
Great atmosphere, friendly staff, nice walk in humidor, comfy overstuffed chairs.  Place was nice and quiet, sat and read a book. Without interruption.
Couldnt have asked for anything better! Lots of love to the staff. They made me feel special and like I was the only person they were there to care for all night!  I wouldnt have had our wedding anywhere else
Not really fast, but good! We had the chicken souvlaki \"sandwiches\" - they come with tzaziki instead of honey dijon.
Great food and amazing beer selection!! Quick service, plenty of seating both inside and outside, and decent pricing.
Ok food. Nothing special, very bland. Got lamb burger and the lamb Shepard pie. Good service, but disappointed in the food. Drinks expensive!!!!
food isn't cheap. but they have great coupons! Good food!  Killer salads!
This Mc Donalds is no better than any of the other  Mc Donalds that are out there.
Here's everything you need to know about Terry Fator's act:\n\n1. He's a ventriloquist.\n2. He's not a very good one.\n\nThat's about it.
Just nothing good to say. Grilled salmon and grilled veggies swimming in oil and the salmon was burnt. Server never ask if ever how it was. I guess I shouldn't leave out that the rice tasted like it had been sitting around in a warmer for days.
Great food. I had the special, chicken stuffed with pepper-jack cheese, bacon, and turkey with squash and potato sides and the boyfriend had corned beef and cabbage. Both were excellent. Def will reccommend this place and return soon!
I had a very special project in mind for an engagement ring. Doug was able to design what I had in mind on a computer and conceptualize it with a 3D printer! Great quality with a very fair price! The perfect ring was made.
Your money will fly so fast. The games are so weirdly priced,  and the prizes are a rip off... the machines kept not working and had technical difficulties on like five of them.
This was our 2nd time here, we came here on our last visit to Vegas April 2010 & was so impressed we came back.  This time service was lacking.  There was only one waitress and she was overloaded, I would not recommend if time is important but the food was still very good.
Poor service - Dirty tables and they waited until after my order was in for 20 minutes to tell me they didn't have the item I ordered. I have to request a menu to order something else and then they told me there would be a wait because their kitchen was backed up. The food I did order was not very good, very inconsistent.
Very fun place a few bad things are the walk back through the mall to get to your room if you are staying in the hotel and to charge for tubes when you are charging me 300 a nigh for a room is insulting!
I wouldn't recommend the chandelier.  The place is crap.  The drinks are too sweet and cough-syrup awful.  The sage 75 drink is a $12 glass of maraschino cherry juice. The service is worse.  There are better places to go in Vegas.  Don't waste your time here.
Everything you think it will be and more. Enjoy! The guys who run it will help you with tips and are super friendly. Have fun playing new games and the kicker is the challenge of playing enough while you are here. Plan 2 trips to the this gem.
Would not go again...I guess you get what you pay for, but I have never seen a patty this thin. Burgers were awful, chocolate shake tasted like milk, fries were ok.
Nice looking hotel rooms. Polite staff. Clean room. Will stay again next time I'm in Tempe.  Dog friendly hotel.
Place was nice and clean but the ladies bathroom had no soap. The food was good. I got pad thai the flavor was yummy but hardly any chix.
Sad to say, this place is going down hill. Hard to believe an Italian Restaurant that doesn't offer penne or bow tie pasta. Also their prices have gone up, like they weren't already high enough. Hope they wake up before it's too late.
A show with Australian, nearly naked men dancing and drives women crazy with their bodies. The men are good looking and do they know about it too. Sometimes you get shocked even though you know what will happen. Funny and sexy!
Vegan Nachos are awesome! Large tequila selection and good margaritas. I have always had great service and like their bar and patio. I just wish they were open later
Not as great as it used to be but still some of the better Mexican food you'll get in the northwest valley.
Walked in, place smelled like a cigar shop...walked out, went to Chipotle instead.
Good quick convienant coffee location. Service is good and friendly
Should be called last place. French fries tasted like they were cooked yesterday. The $9. hamburger was greasy. They had big screen tv with the Diamond Backs on but interrupted the game in the second inning to play trivial pursuit. Fourth game of playoffs, must win and they want to play trivial pursuit?
Grew up on east coast and miss NY style pizza after years in Minnesota. Crust doughy, sauce bland. Reminded me of Dominos. A crime to call this NY style pizza.  Never going back.
Great value for quality food. Reasonably priced beer. Long lines.
Food is good and bread is fresh. But the bathrooms are very dirty. Makes me wonder about the kitchen.
Updated from last week. Finally got the money  back. I left for work this morning after putting my acct on hold to find another delivery. Had to call the bank to put a block on my card so they can't access my account anymore.
Loved the reclining chairs! First time I really enjoyed a movie while relaxing felt like I was at home in my living room watching a movie. Will be back!
Had a great time!  Jason is a great waiter, knowledgable & gracious!  The cabernet blend delicious, the green juliene tasty.  Definitely a \"repeat\"
Not bad. Not outstanding. Super fast service. Very run of the mill without being a disappointment. Tastes a little pre-made. Could dim the lights a little at night to add some Don Juan ambiance. Warning: Heavy on the raw onions if you go there on a date :)
I've stayed here before, many moons ago and it has definitely changed.  The rooms were spacious and they didn't smell like smoke.  The casino was okay and I wasn't happy with the food options.  But free is free!
The best selection of entrees and meats for buffets!\n\nI luved the herb crusted prime rib, beef wellington, lamb roast, chicken marsala, chicken picatta and yummy pizzas..\n\nThe deserts were excellent and the service was outstanding.
Not bad. I have stayed here a few times and the last time we stayed we got upgraded to a suite free of charge.  Rooms are pretty modern.  Hotel is away from the strip, but they do provide shuttles to and from the strip.
Excellent, fast and friendly.  Clean restrooms and easy to navigate
Slow service. Food usually upsets my stomach but great beer specials and reasonable prices.  Great place for later at night to sit around and play darts or watch the game.
I wouldn't trust or recommend Eunique Rodgers, AT ALL!
Everything about this hotel was top notch! The service truly was outstanding and there to please any way possible. Thank you for [providing everyone of our requests and making our stay very memorable
It's always a pleasure to go into the best hookah bar in Montreal. Amazing staff, wonderful selection of top quality tobacco and a fun environment where you can have some drinks, or even some delicious teas. \n\nOverall an exceptional experience for anyone looking for a relaxed environment!
Overpriced but everything looks so damn pretty & the things that I have tried were pretty good..\n\nDon't waste your money here, maybe only on super last minute presents. Spend your money elsewhere or just use it at the blackjack tables..
Food was decent but the service was terrible. Do not go to this place if you have a group larger than 4 people. They refused to split our checks. The whole process of paying our bill took as long as it did for us to eat! WILL NOT be coming back
This was the first time I got Greek food, and since I got there the service was great, they explained me everything and Nick (the owner) was there talking with every customer in the restaurant... Very friendly environment, great food, and I will defenetely recomend this place to my family and friends!!!
Lunch specials looked good but orange chicken was 75% batter. Maybe 2 ounces of meat. Egg drop soup tasteless. The staff was very cold and not friendly. Food was just okay.
Its nice to finally get some new restaurants in QC. I enjoy coming here because everyone is friendly and the food is good. I like to get the veggie. My kids love getting the fire hats and they love the soda machine.
Cool place. Totally dig the neighborhood pub vibe. \nUnfortunately, the service is absolutely awful. The bartenders and waitresses are pretty rude and generally pretend like they didn't hear you when you've asked them three times for the same thing
I popped in here when I had a bit of time to kill waiting for the STM photo studio to open. Place is clean and staff is friendly. COFFEE IS WEAK. No flavor and hyper-watered down. Skip this place unless you're just looking for wifi.
Pho takeout!  The meat wasn't super rare but the fact that the onions and cilantro were already in the beef stock made it so flavorful (other place I go included that in the bag of \"stuff\")
Employees are extremely kind to customers and their 4-legged friends. They have a large variety of food, treats and toys and soft serve for your pooch!\n\nMy only gripe is that I wish they had larger section for the kitties!
This old time casino located in the heart of Henderson. Although run down and very old, this property is or was owned by the Peppermill company so there is that signature neon light running throughout the inside. I wouldn't make a trip here necessarily but it is definitely something to see, as someday with all things in Vegas it will be gone!!
Great and flavorful salmon burrito!!!!
This is my Lowes and it's not a very good one.  Really terrible customer service.  The best thing about this place is that the clearance items are in abundance.
My wife and I love this place. The owner and the staff are awesome. The friendly, outgoing owner is there everyday and the quality of the food is excellent. The food is always fast, fresh and delicious. You can't go wrong eating there.
Not so good. They''ve expanded their dining area but the food is still mediocre at best for Thai food.  But then I'm spoiled I lived in Thailand for 8 months.
Yay, gotta love the location and the food! The Thai is spicey and tasty... and the bar is a nice place to sit at if you want to talk with a small group of friends.\n\nOver all my experince here was joyful and tasty
Great people who are very good at teaching yoga and helping you get the most out of your practice. They also provide great workshops to help with hard poses. I highly recommend them!!!!
Highly over priced for Red Lodster style food.\nI paid $22.00 for 3 shrimp and 2 scallops. \nSerously better food Joes crab Shack.
At the end of the message it was time to pay we did paid  the $20 for the message service,  but the man told us we HAD TO PAY $10. TIP . I DID NOT!  I gave my masseuse a $5. tip .me and my 6 girl friends will not be returning
Very entertaining, Funny and you'll scratch you're head and thinkin how the hell did he do that... Until today I'm still thinking how did he guess the guest names and stuff about them. Again worth the money!
Wonderful service and even better experience with what was being served. The pumpkin spice goat cheesecake was ridiculously good.
preety ok
LOVE veggie tofu soup. I always order the spicy ones. The price is reasonable.
This place sucks EVERY time i go here they mess up my order. I talk to Ben the GM to day about this he then told me that they are not a 4 star place and if i do not like the way they do things then go somewhere other then here.
Love this spot!!!! Football is the best here!!! Then you can walk over and have some seafood real quick or some bomb ass prime rib!!! They have it all
The management at this zipps needs to be more engaged.  If I order take out or eat in, the food is always sitting at the window for long periods of time.  It's not the same experience that I have at other zipps.
Super good food and almost overly attentive service. I have nothing bad to say about the place! I had the Sea Bass and it was outstanding. Several persons in our group had the crab legs...they were pretty damn good. I tried one a bit of the filet...not impressed.
Love the store! Awesome variety of things :)
Worst. They are rude and awful people. The owner is a giant douche and seems to hate the world as a result.
We looove you, burrito drive! The sheh-meh-nah burrito is amaaaahzing!
Food was fine the waiter was nice but the duration for food drinks or anything is unreal- stay the hell away and it's way to expensive for what you get... A waste of time and money I will tell all my friends and family to skip this over priced Denny's
Staff is incompetent, service slow and food was bland and cold. Upon request to have salad and apps served before the meal it was not done. Will not be back. I have never written a review before but my experience here was just so disappointing I had to do one.
Very very good bar. Service is great, and so is the menu. Quiet happy hours during the week and live bands on the weekend so you get the best of both worlds. Enjoy the beer selection as well.
Terrible!!!! The moment I walked in the workers looked at me like I was trash, they were super rude. I went in to pay for my sisters nails and since I payed ahead of time, they did a terrible job on her nails. I even left a tip ahead of time!!!! So Disappointed.
2nd best gin martini w/blue cheese olives I've ever had (1st = my brother, who runs 300 east restaurant in charlotte).
One line open?!?  Visit this store and be prepared to wait in line for a longgggg time. 6 people deep, chatty associate = long wait.
garbage. ruined my army dress blue uniform for a simple dry cleaning. it's awesome because I'm wearing it for my own wedding this weekend. thanks a lot. --- obviously you don't know how to run your business.
Great restaurant! Excellent service, food, drinks and talented musicians!!! I love the environment and would definitely recommend!
Bartender was great and service was not terrible! The steak came over cooked and my husband and I both felt the bill seemed tacky and the waitress response was a tad more tacky! Bottom line, would go again but don't expect an apology if you meal is overcooked or a credit.
Food was great and the employees were great.  No free beverage refills though.  I was hoping id get a little more pork also.
You can't go wrong with anything you order off the menu. Happy hour is a great mix of the Ahwatukee crowd. Very efficient wait staff. Great restaurant for date night!
My new favorite neighborhood restaurant!  Pernil Asado is absolutely to die for as are the mashed potatoes.  The short ribs are a super close second.  I would suggest going with a friend and splitting the two plates, although you'll still have plenty of leftovers.  The atmosphere sitting outside is fabulous.
LOVE THIS PLACE!! This area has half off sushi on tues and thurs. If you want to turn a friend on to sushi this is the palce to take them!
Great customer service and good bar food . Definitely will be back
Friendly staff. Great food. Clean restaurant. My family and I really enjoyed our food.
Abundant portions of good food and never ending supply of red and white wine and garlic bread. Can't go wrong. Also this place has got character in excess; an adorable old man plays the accordion and chats with you as he did once with Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, and Dean Martin.
Went to the one on Bell about 5 years ago and it was great. Revisited this place last weekend and something happened - It wasn't good at all...\n\nSorry Valle Luna
Came here for a last minute dinner and I wasn't too impressed. The restaurant is beautiful and so is the view of the lake. The food is only okay and the service was a little slow. I feel like I should try it again during busier hours to make a better judgment.
The Taco shop has great burritos and tacos (and so cheap!) \n\nThe best burrito is the chili verde (pork)\n\nI live near by and eat there all the time.\n\nAsk for the Habenero sauce if you want spicy.
My best and I tried the Margherita pizza w/ the Mister Mister. -- Couldn't go wrong. I'm a fan!
AMAZING FOOD! I had the chicken pesto sandwich with house salad it was to die for. Will definitely go back!
Quality salad. Had to go back for the mixed berry and chicken salad. The berries were fresh and plentiful. The chicken had a tasty flavor, not too much nor too little.
Best place for Dum biryani in Phoenix.\n\nIn fact best biryani I have even had in this country. Unfortunately other restaurants all have their own versions of biryani and call it as traditional dum biryani.
Went to go see the Grand Canyon IMAX show.  It was so good!  3D and everything.  I keep telling all my friends to go check it out!
There is the old school Denny's that have been there forever and then there is the new Denny's. This is a new one. Very clean and modern. Always full. Always friendly and fast service.
We're ex-Anise Customers (Anise was a classy place that recently closed). Pho Ao Sen is a great place in the Anise tradition. Great Chicken Soup (#21), Bun (#27), and Vietnamese Coffee!
Read the reviews on here before calling & I wasn't disappointed. The crispy honey tofu was yummy!  Lots of vegetarian options too, which is always a plus.  Hunnie & I were both very pleased with the combo meals. The delivery man was really nice too. We'll definitely be ordering from them again.
Great spot for after hours drinks and bathrooms are awesome. Pizza is great and salads are good. Seating is okay could be better but very cool downtown spot.
The service is great - very nice staff.  \nThe food is okay - probably some of the best in Madison, but not excellent.  We usually get the chicken makhani - which is the best dish we've found.  The tikka masala is alright - not great.  The naan and paratha are good.
This is Cheesecake Factory's better sister concept. The food is great, the portions large, and staff is very talented.
I'm a BBQ lover and Mac's is top notch! We got the 4 meats 4 sides platter and it was amazing! Everything was cooked to perfection and the assortment of sauces was great for the a variety of tastes!
Tons of classes and equipment. Indoor and outdoor pool and hot tubs. Great food in the cafe. There are saunas and all kinds of other amenities in the locker room. Can get busy during peak times.
Good place to drink but don't bother eating here. Overcooked burger, overcooked scallops, standard deviled eggs but good butter lettuce. \n\nThe cubby service bartender is not friendly so stay away. \n\nWorth going for drinks...
Yuck. Grease infested grossness.  Really bad.
Ordered something from the midnight special menu.  I can't read Thai.\n\nDefinitely an interesting spot to eat at especially on karaoke night.  It can get pretty loud so be prepared to turn the dial on your hearing aid down a few notches.
When I was kid, we would go to the symphony on almost a monthly basis. They have really great guests that rotate through fairly regularly. \n\nThe hall itself is simply beautiful and very comfortable, its certainly a great aspect of the city and worthwhile thing to make a point to experience.
Place is in the middle of a makeover outside. Hopefully, they get inside soon. If Hash House was here I wouldve never entered the building.
Marlene C. is awesome. Always asks me what I want on each visit. That is VERY important. Your stylist should NEVER assume they know what you want.
Food and wine really great... Sadly the service was lacking. Hopefully it was just an off night.
The service is good but everything else is mediocre at best.  The sauce and meat had little to no flavor.  I had the brisket and the other person I was with had the pulled pork sandwich and neither of them stood out.
Great place for after dinner drink!  Service was excellent!\n\nUpstairs bar was nice place to relax and have a good drink or nice glass of wine.\n\nHad some brick oven pizza and wings and they were great!
Fast Signs were so accomodating and very quick each time I needed to order something. Within hours, I received an estimate and the customer service was top notch! Ask for Karen! She is the best!! Thank You Fast Signs for helping to get my new business going as quickly as you did!!
Love the atmoshere and desserts, it is such a cute little place,I felt like I was in a magazine as a journalist.  The prices are reasonable as well. I will be visiting many times.
Ended up coming here as part of a bachelorette party. I was disappointed to see that this place is more of a restaurant than a bar atmosphere.  The dining area was very clean and quiet. The wait staff was awesome while we were there, willing to let us play our scavenger hunt madness. My cocktail was delicious.
Thought I had left this review already but I guess not.\n\nIts basically like eating at 7/11
Amazing customer service. Very clean. Their buffet is good and is in the vegas top ten list of good buffets. Idk i just love this place
I was a pleasure working with Dan and results made the recipient very happy. Dan went out of his way to get me Calla Lilies and got the flowers delivered in record time.
this is the worst company ever!! be aware everytime you see quest diagnostics you better run!! they send you bills to your address and if you dont pay they have a terrible collection agency but im going after them with my lawyer! be careful!
Me and my fianc\u00e9e drove from our home in Kitchener today to share a lunch buffet at Stone Crock.  I must admit the food was mediocre at best and they make you pay additional for sandwiches and desserts.  For $14.99 a person, your money is much better invested else where.
Can you say SUPER EXPENSIVE! $20 for 2 drinks! Yeah no I rather walk my @$$ to CVS across the street and buy my own bottle of whiskey. It's way CHEAPER!
Average bar food and incredibly over-priced for what you get. The menu items are not as described. Great atmosphere, stay away from the food, go for drinks only.
Worst car rental location in the history of car rentals.  Rude and lazy employees.  Is it just Vegas or are all Payless locations like this? NEVER again Payless.
Love this place !\n\nFood is spicy and always cooked just right.  Menu changes every so often and have nightly specials too.  Service is great.  No matter what night you go it is busy.\n\nit is a great little find.
Had their guarana.  Had their all you can eat meat.  Price was expensive.  I wanst impressed at all.  My only reason for going back would be to......oh wait, probably wont be going back.
Do not order the fish and chips, yuck. There was one sliver of fish which was like jerky and the rest was greasy batter. The place was over the top noisy. I would not go to this place again.
Just stopped here. Zero customers, food took forever. Cold fries. Filthy restrooms with no paper towels. No napkins in main lobby. \nBiscuit was good though. My boyfriend wanted me to add that.
Bluecorn enchiladas were fantastic.\nYou pay for chips and salsa that are supposed to be made when ordered but mine weren't. Pricey but good.
They did their best to help me with our disaster of a tenant and transition me to a new property management company.
This place has gone down hill lately. The boba is still made right, which can be hard to find. But the drink quality has been weird. Today, my coconut almond milk tea tasted like our sugar water. Bleh. No thank you. \n\nThis used to be my favorite spot, but not anymore.
What a refreshing change in Matthews. Great atmosphere, great wine selection, casual, and comfortable.\n\nThe owner took quite a bit of time to suggest wines, share upcoming events and to ensure we were enjoying ourselves. I will be back!!
Great food and very attentive service. Martinis are always awesome. Next time I may try to save room for one of their desserts.
I am going to start with the decor, I like the set up and the the star lights everywhere very cool and different atomospere, I LOVED blue burrito but the flavor is missing here, its not BAD just BLAND! nothin to brag about!
Nothing but great things to say about this steakhouse!  Gotta love the stellar service and the great people working here, also the food is amazing!  They do something special with each dish, each and every time, the bar is classic with my pals, Tommy and Craig who just know drinks and know how to have fun. 5star stuff here
My husband enjoyed his Hawaiian burger.  The barbeque burger was Ok except the barbeque sauce was very sweet.  The server was good but was very touchy feely and kept calling me pet names like \"babe\" and \"sweetheart\" which made me uncomfortable since he was at least 15 years younger than I am.
Sadly the food has decreased in quality since my last review. I thought it was a fluke the last time I was here but it seems to be true. Unfortunately I think the decrease in business has led to the decrease in quality of food and this cycle is very hard to break out of.
What more could i ask for? nacho cheese mmmm. chili mmmmm. crispy fries mmmmm. and piled high with all its glory oozing out of the now invisible boat it comes in- AWESOME.  oh i also had a side of hotdog which was damn good.
For Mexican food, it was oddly sweet. I had the beef enchiladas and the red sauce was very sweet. I like my Mexican food with a little more bite! Their margaritas, however, are delicious.
real yummy
How can a yogurt shop not have any vanilla or chocolate??? Not any version of either??? Very poor. Cleaning out the machines is not an excuse on a very crowded Sunday night.
It was alright, I didn't really like it... The wallpapers are nice and comforting to me, but their beds and blankets.. Those must go..
Good cappuccino. They brew Commonplace coffee. I liked the bird in the cage. Overall nice place.
Awesome alternative to starbucks.  The service was good, and the two drinks I got (chiller mocha and tropical temptation smoothie) were excellent.  The prices seemed a bit high, but it was made up for in quality of their product.
I always have the beef and egg or ja jang meinn!!one of my favorite take out places for Chinese food in madison!!
Good but not great.
Really friendly staff, nice mini raw food selection, and pretty good pricing. \n\nReally yummy green juice bar, make your own too!
Misleading advertised pricing, multiple broken ticket machines, arrogant attendant, exorbitant pricing.
Chicken salad sandwich! They bake all of their own bread and you can taste it. Will never go to subway again.
It's ok. The tables they have are awful but the food is decent avoid the $8 \"garden salad\" aka small $1 house salad. Lobster grilled cheese was tasty.
The beet salad with goat cheese was sweet and had perfectly blended flavors.  The atmosphere is okay as it is in the middle of a shopping area; our table was right by the escalator.
I love the busted rack ( lamb) any the riveted is great. I've never been disappointed
Great food!  Love the tacos!
Friendly staff, and awesome selection of ice cream, their shakes are pretty darn good too.
Says they are open til 7, so why when I walk in at 6:30 they are going to turn my business away... Never going back here
Chizona's is awesome. The atmosphere is great, the staff was really friendly and helpful the first time we went in, not to mention the pizza is a delicious traditional Chicago style, which is hard to find around here. I have yet to try the chicago beef, but it's next on the list. Fantastic spot.
The rooms are nice, its not too far from the strip, and parking is convenient. The only bad thing about staying here would be the clientele. On my way down stairs I walked past a super shady dude with a bloody nose and black eye, and a group of what looked like crack addicts.
Do not purchase video games here! Used games are ridiculously overpriced selling for more than double the price of new.
Food is decent, however the customer service is absolutely great.
I see Heather for the Brazilian Wax.  I have tried one other person and I have to say, Heather is really good! She is knowledgable, professional and takes a lot of pride in her work. Personally for me that means a lot and it keeps me coming back as a \"regular\" customer!
We ordered the shoyu ramen and fried rice.  I did enjoy the soup but I felt the noodles were a bit al dente.  I've had better fried rice, it just had tons of chunky onions in it.  \n\nA quick fix to my ramen craving in Vegas.
Best lunch EVER! The grilled goat cheese and cartelized onion sandwich and roasted beet salad with nuts and watercress were to die for! Again, best lunch ever!
Bad food but Good beer and good staff. While a couple items on the menu are palatable, the majority of it is unfortunately awful and disappointing. Again, the beer is great and I enjoy most of them, but don't go there hungry or you'll be disappointed. Fix the food and I'd give you a 4
Reallyyy slow service, rude employees and very over priced. But what can you expect from Vegas casino. I wouldn't come back here again !!!
The location is a pain in the as*! The service is great, store is kinda old but clean. It is so hard to get in and out of the parking lot. Also -1 for having no drive thru.
First time here. Super staff took care of me better than most high dollar places. Cheesesteak sandwich and tater tots were avereage but fine.
This place is hands down one of if not the best pizza spot in Vegas. Meatballs, mudpie, apps, don't get me started. Staff is super friendly & on point. Come experience it yourself. Ok, back to eating I go...
Cold fries and best of all, a customer came in and ordered. The table he wanted had some kind of white creamy junk on it. He went and told someone and they handed him a rag. Lol
This location only, the staff is rude. The waiters/waitresses are slow. My last experience at this location was for a birthday. We had 7pm reservation everyone was there we still waited an hour to be seated & then another 55min to get our food! The 63rd ave and Bell location is amazing & a much better option!!
Looks like a cool place but it's just average... With average service and average food.
Front desk was less than helpful checking in. Lobby area is nice but hallways by our room on the 3rd floor was dirty. Room was not great and the sprinkler in the bathroom was covered with tape. Not very safe!
The worst. We have a maintenance agreement with them which is a complete scam. They are unprofessional and do not respond quickly to emergency situations. Stay away!
Bad service. Bad drinks. Bad food. Go to the one in Cancun instead. No comparison. This place should not have the senor frogs name.
45 mins on a wait for a banker? \n\nAll bankers are with customers talking about their life stories. One was on the phone acting like she was working until it was her lunch time and got up and dipped. Longest wait ever.
Ordered delivery, associate on the phone said it would be 20 minutes. I called when it was about an hour later and still no pizza. He said that they should be there any minute, and they were. BUT, PIZZA WAS COLD! Never again, poor customer service, who wants cold pizza!!!
Loved this place. Excellent service by all the bartenders.  We were waited on right away in this busy place.  Excellent beer selections andthe bartenders make a mean old fashioned.   Our food (the fish fry and the pork shoulder sandwich) were both very tasty.  Makes me sad that I don't live near Madison.
I have tried their wings many times, I have finally given up. If you like your wings well well done then this is the place for you.
I highly recommend the Buffalo Chips.  Otherwise wasn't a huge fan of the food, but in all fairness what I ordered was something our server said was not that good.
We came to eat there great chimichanga to our disappointment they took it of the menu  so ordered the Carne asada tacos not  good to much fat on the meat, the chicken enchiladas were good .. Service was good
Yummy!  I love their signature dish, the lobster pot pie.  The sauce was to die for!  Definitely will not be disappointed with that dish.  We also ordered the foie gras  and salmon tartare for appetizer and the sole with crab entree.  I also really liked the casual yet formal atmosphere.
eh it's chili's..
Ordered a grande white chocolate mocha in the drive through, come home and come to notice that they only filled my cup half way with coffee. Very upset I paid 5$ for a grande but received the amount of a tall.
Been here twice and that's enough for me. First time was for drinks and hummus at the bar. The hummus was flavorless and definitely over priced. The second time I sat on the patio for 15 minutes and not a single sever came over. The bartender noticed we were sitting there and did nothing. I won't be back.
Nice place to hang out and have breakfast or lunch. The ambience is pretty and food is excellent. Crab cake is a must have.
Bleck. Avoid.\n\nEtouffee was...brown. Crawfish were overdone. Seasoning was wrong.
Enjoyed a GREAT cup of peppermint tea here this afternoon....also bought an interesting book I couldn't find elsewhere...great place. I'll be back!
Worst cocktail service for a Friday night--been here over an hour before anyone finally came by.  Even called for \"service\"--did not show up for another 20 minutes.
I had lunch there on sunday and the sign on the window said they will be closing on the 1st of the year, apparently they didn't  renew their lease. 10 year and now they are closed. Strange, since they seemed to be very busy on the weekends.
The monday menu isn't the greatest.. But every other day is AWESOME.. very unqiue prime rib.
These guys rock! Super fast, very inexpensive and they rent all kinds of cool toys! A+ all the way!
Hands down my favorite sushi spot in Phoenix.  I don't even GO to any other sushi restaurants! Try these rolls: \"Booty Booty, Maui, and Lion King\" DELICIOUS!
Came here with high hopes but ultimately left a little bland. The pretzels were pretty good, the food was aight, but it wasn't anything super extraordinary. Wish I could say more, but sadly wasn't very impressed...
I was there on July 9th 2014. Walked in, paid for two, tried the food and walked out immediately. It was very bad. Nothing was fresh. Don't go there. Save your money, I was very surprised. Another Vegas buffet that went down the hill.
Lame....all of the containers are designed for women.  Not much candy as advertised.  Walked out.
Solid three-star pizza.  I got delivery; took 30 minutes, no extra charge.  A bit greasy and heavy, tons of chewey mozza-cheesefood-type product.  Average crust and toppings.  rational-sounding bilingual phone guy.  Two mediums and drinks for $20.  Exactly what it should be.
Love this place! Destiny, Charity & Boston Rock! My food is always awesome and the beer is cold...what more could a girl ask for? Oh yeah Nate's stories are always a good time! Let's not forget 'Handsome Mike' who works otb booth :)
Totallly worth it! If u are a foodie than this Is the place to go in Madison and u won't walk away hungry!
I'm back in town for a two day trip and had Cappucino latte, Mocha latte. I loved both. My friends in Charlotte thanked me for showing this place. They have now become regulars here. It's very uncommon that the locals do not know about good local places.
Delicious Sandwiches! I've stopped here twice now and both times it was sooooooooooo good!! Friendly staff and fresh food. Keep doin what your doin!!
Jerk chicken is unlike anything I have ever eaten. Be sure to get a breast and a thigh!
This place is really good, they offer huge burritos at a very good price.  Their se\u00f1or burrito is so big it needs two huge tortillas and its less than $8. It can feed 3 adults.
Me and my husband LOVE LOVE Nello's! We have been going for years and it is by far our favorite place to go for a night out!
Food was not good and took over an hour and a half to arrive. Poor food, poor service, very disappointed. We will not be ordering l from them again.
I had teriyaki wings...sauce very salty.  Hubby had steak burrito with green sauce - sauce had way too much flour cause that was all you could taste.  Service OK.  Probably won't go back.  My favorite wing place closed :(
The meal was pretty good.  Good quality food.  Good service.  A little pricy, but for a special occasion its great.
Really good stuff, I've never had ice like this before lol. Me and my friends went here like 2 weeks ago, we usually drop by the yogurt store like 3 stores down but decided to try something new and glad we did. The staff was nice and the flavors were exquisite I guess you can say.
if you i can give this negative rating, i will. bad customer service. dirty food. don't come here.
Panera is great. Food is spectacular. However this location is horrible. Customer service is non-existant here. You are made to feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order or providing your food. go to another location or restaurant. This one is BAD!
Average old-school dive - it feels like something from Ohio (which is what some people love). DJ's is an \"oasis of normality\" in the middle of some of Scottsdale's clubiest clubs... Go here to drink and drink a lot. $2 fireballs!
Follow the recommendation beer-meal.
excellent place. great for lunch.
This Goldilocks shut down and is no longer in business.
It's a very close distance to ny my hotel where we were staying. the prices are great. They have gluten free pancakes which is awesome. The food is really good compare to its price range. Nothing fancy but practically good.
Friendly staff and food is stellar.  Second time in and had the nuts and berries salad with chicken.  To die for!
Great little weekend breakfast spot that isn't full of snow birds (not yet anyway). Decent menu selection and food is very good , service is excellent . It's basically their bar area that the turn to a restaurant on weekends so you have sports on quite a few TV's but it's not loud or crowded.
Great food!  Burgers are unbelievable, chef salad the best ever!  Wings with Mexican adobo beer sauce are a must have. Best of all --- beer is cheap!
Good prices but this location is a disaster.  No organization whatsoever.  Will stick to the red white and blue thrift store.  I shouldn't have to search 6 aisles for a black pirate t-shirt.
Rip off they lied to us on free beer all night. \nNever comming back. \nThey stole our money
This place is a local chain that started out years ago in North Phoenix. Happy to see Barro's prosper. This location is now serving beer from San Tan Brewery. It's all good.
So glad this wasn't my first time here. The waitress this time was so dismissive and awful, my friends said they'd never come back. Asian girl w tattoos, do not sit in her section. Beer and wine variety great, food great, she ruined it tho.
The location is quick and friendly but let's face it, it's taco bell.
They are really nice people, They offer me water, and I felt welcome But there was a guy around his 30s a little bigger then Steve. He does a horrible job at doing nails. He really hurt my ring finger, and my nails were not even. The lady was nice enough to fix it but I'm not going back here anymore.
This was some of the best sushi we've ever had! Its was so fresh & they had really unique rolls. The service was outstanding! We got a lot of personal attention and we will definitely go back! Great ambiance, fantastic food, amazing service!
Yes, prices are TOO high for poor food quality... this is a slot joint with cheap high priced food.
The Longinisa is my favorite the quantity is a lot I couldn't finish my plate and the service is very fast as all the food is ready to go, but It is a little greasy
Reasonably priced. Rapid friendly service. Typical Nth American fare. Nothing too spectacular or original. Worked for our family of six. Was convenient for the theatre and got us in and out in plenty of time.
Loved this place. Very charming and the food was great. I had won ton soup and cashew crispy chicken. They were both great!
Love this place. The view, atmosphere, service and food were phenomenal. Prefix menu came with lots of compliments from the chef as well. On point, probably one of the best restaurants in vegas... and the bathrooms in the back are a definite bonus.
The worst food in Vegas awful service. The fries were soft, oily and were tasting burn,\nThe cod for fish and chips was good but 28$ for a fish and chips??? And 10$ for a peroni? Little too much. Horrible experience.
I started going to this nail salon about a year ago and I really like this place and Amy.
Cute atmosphere, a few good beers on tap, good sliders. The waitress was kind of a snob and looked \"busy\" even though there were only like 4 other people at the bar, so that was weird.
I live near this shop. The reviews guided me to this establishment. I tried to call before going and much to my disappointment YELP CONTAINS THE wrong number. The correct number is 702-434-9333
They always have healthy options and you can buy a refill (regular coffee) for $2.80.
They are building an ikea across the street.  Construction starts at 6am Sun thru Sat.  My car is constantly covered in dust every am.  They should issue a hardhat when you sign a lease.
This is by far my favorite restaurant in all of Scottsdale! I love breakfast food and this is the place to be for the best breakfast! The pancakes are beyond amazing, the eggs are the fluffiest eggs I've ever had in my life, and the hot chocolate always hits the spot! Plus the service is great!!!
Even if you aren't hungry, this is a great destination!  But who could come here and not enjoy the fried chicken?  Crunchy on the outside...moist and tender and full of flavor on the inside!  You'll need a friend to help eat the strawberry shortcake!
This place is good for a decently priced meal. Nothing too spectacular but still nice. I personally like the fundido sauce. Just try not to down the chips and salsa in 5 seconds like I do, since you don't get a free refil on them.
I'm a HUGE fan of this place, but its probably because I'm slightly obsessed with the Fez burger--best burger in town! The service has always been decent, and I love their martini selection. Great patio as well...lots of fun to people watch when the weather is nice.
Don't buy the Silver Spur Babyback Ribs OMG. Shitty wouldn't even feed my dog these. They are like eating rubber boot. In fact a rubber boot would be a lot better. Don't do it buy something else they suck. Drop Tyson Foods for distributing them.
Indeed, internet is free at this airport. I flew US Airways today and this place was really packed, so packed that there was not really anywhere to sit. Food choices within the US Airways terminal was lackluster and so was everything in general. It looks like this terminal needs a makeover, pronto!
Don't ever change your Verizon wireless plan at this location they lie about the change then your stuck with their screw up... Also calling the Verizon costumer service does nothing they are just as useless as the rep in this store....
Food was nasty for a Vegas Buffet. The people were rude and demanded more money if we wanted to stay for dinner. Avoid it's not worth even if free. I'm never coming back.
Adrian did a great job on cleaning my backyard. Pulled up all the grass an raked the yard nice.. Will call him for future jobs!!
OMG do not, I repeat DO NOT waste your money!\nIt was literally a walk thru museum.... Couple 5 min 3D simulations but nothing more than the vibrating chair at bed bath and beyond.
Tasteless.... I come to this place all the time because of business travel thru NC. The food is fresh but needs salt and flavor!\n\nWhat can I say... it's the only Chinese food here to go.
Always will get my tires at Discount. Service and prices pretty much are hard to beat. The staff is always helpful, friendly and knows tires. HIGHLY recommend them!
Very good double steak burger and I must say the fries were really good, food was still hot when I got home!
Bonne cha\u00eene avec de la tr\u00e8s bonne viande fum\u00e9e, ici seule notre serveuse est \u00e0 changer, elle \u00e9tait aimable comme un porte de prison !
Wouldn't stay here again if it was the last place on earth. Beware of unkept rooms and nasty conditions in the room. Had to wash all my stuff when I got home due to the room being so smelly and disgusting.
Everything at Fleur is made just right!  The salads have a refreshing flavor while the Wagyu Burger was delicious!  Top these off with some Sangria and chocolate dessert lollipops and you're good to go!  Excellent and friendly service as well!  Be back soon!
This place is great. The ambience is very casual the prices are very low. The menudo is well worth your time. All you can eat for only six dollars.
Awesome breakfast! Great service! I had the chili cheese omelet. Best omelets around. This is my new favorite place for breakfast!
Very lame portions at this location. It's almost as if they have a game going on how little they can put into bowl... Very disappointed! Totally killed my experience at this entire chain...
Its a buffet. Everything is mediocre. Nothing spectacular. Good for large groups. Very big and lots to choose from.
Y'all are crazy.  I don't know how this place has so many stars.  I was not impressed.  Maybe I just had different expectations of what the food would taste like.  Korean and Mexican...I'd expect some spice.  Everything tasted sweet to me.  I don't think I'd try it again.
This dog park is AWESOME!!  I love the lake, I love the giant, grassy field next to it, and I love bringing our labs here to play and swim.  They are soooo tired when we leave, too.  I just wish we lived closer, otherwise we would be visiting every day : )
Worst Chinese buffet I've had in town. Got a flyer in the mail and the picture and price was attractive and decided to give it a try. It was a big disappointment! Food did not taste good, alot of dried up dishes. The place is in desperate need of remodeling. Would not come back.
107.9FM ricks.
a must go to spot after a weekend of drinking!  the server is def funny.. came over and started to ask if we were hung over.. the food was ok.. of course sgv is better.. it's is def expensive..
We were very disappointed with the seafood options, especially shellfish. \n\nVery dark inside. Take your money to the Ocean Club instead.
You get what you pay for. Please read Stella C.'s review. I was the friend with her.
It's nice to have this place close to Wynn, Palazzo and Venetian to load up on those essentials like snacks, water and sunscreen!\n\nAnother plus - it's clean and new.
The wife and I go here when ever we want sit down Mexican.  Everything I've tasted has been OK at the worst.  The \"Tour of Mexico\" is awesome with enough left over for lunch the next day.  I like chile verde the best.
Great food for the price.  I enjoyed their vegetarian options especially the pad Thai. Love the inside. Great service as well.
Absolutely love the coffee here. Great staff & good selection of cigars. Fantastic place to relax from all of the hours of shopping.
I threw up after eating here. Very unpleasant.
Been going to Deb for 13 years. She's the best (and funniest) manicurist in town. I love her and wouldn't go anywhere else!! I highly recommend her - and she's great at both blingy nails and the plain nails I usually like.
Pork belly baos=delicious Duck rice=tasty Short rib grilled cheese=best grilled cheese ever!!! Definitely a must. Although, I wish they had a better dessert menu.\"
Went to eat at HOT N JUICY CRAWFISH the night after I ate California Crab just to take the bad taste of Calfornia Crab's FROZEN crawfish out of my mouth.
This is our favorite Fudds, we almost stop by here before leaving town. The girl working the register, I can't recall her name (very pretty, lots of tattoos) is always very friendly and is a pleasure to talk with. Burgers are always great here.
First of all, burgers have buns, not toasted white bread. 2 out of 4 orders were wrong toppings. No refills on drinks, never once asked how the food was, and it took 45 minutes to get us 4 orders. What the hell has this place become?
This is one of my fav sushi spots in Vegas.  Oysters, uni soft shell crab, poke...yum!  One thing I have found is that you get your food faster if you sit at a table not the bar.  The sushi chefs are too busy to remember what you ordered
This is a great gallery with a wide variety of mediums and styles; glass, oils, acrylic, pottery, jewelry, art to wear.  The people who work there are warm and welcoming, friendly and helpful.  The layout is pleasing.
Great food and great service!  The orange chicken and beef pho are my favorites. I try to get in at least once a week. Love it!
Not much to see here, but oddly cool anyway. The lions were sleeping on top of the glass tunnel tonight with two handlers hanging out in the enclosure.
Surprisingly enough North Scottsdale is devoid of quality tacos.  Juan Jaime's has a small but solid menu that makes for a nice lunch.  I do believe that this place is better served as fast casual concept rather then a place offering sit down service.
My FAVORITE spot for donuts.  \nI often have cravings for these donuts, and I wouldn't even consider myself someone who loves donuts.  I'm more of a pastry kinda girl but these donuts are DELISH!
Decent food.\nBetter pizza than the pizza place in the same strip mall.
This place has decent food. Pricing is average. Not too expensive, but not super cheap either. I will say that the service is wonderful. They are very attentive and friendly. A very welcoming place.
Good frozen yogurt but the management NEEDS to tell their female employees to stop checking out women's husbands. Every time I have been there, every girl will be so sweet to my husband and completly be so rude to me. I'm getting so so so close to saying something to these little home wreckers! -.-
I like the food okay but the service--geez, very rude girl at bakery counter!  If I hadn't wanted the AZ cookie so badly I would've just walked out.  There's better (and closer) bakeries than this one.
The flight of beer was a nice selection. I did enjoy the Jalape\u00f1o Pale Ale. However, the food choice was small and, while very good, didn't fill me up. I would go again, but have different expectations.
This Banfield is a great place. Nurses and doctors are all very knowledgeable, and they love animlas. My dog had a comp and teeth cleaned and they were very nice, they called me to let me know how she did and yes, receptionist did smile :). I give them 5 stars!
Pizza was great, crust was delicious!  Gluten free!!! Sarah has the bar under control!  Great place to meet downtowners. Sarah is an amazing bartender, she makes you want to stay all night!  Oh wait a minute we did.  Fireball!!!!
Love this place!  I highly recommend it. Great service!  Can't wait to return.
Waited over an hour for the food. Cold and dry angus beef (asked for medium well, got well done. Mashed potatoes tasted precooked. Small portion. $50.
Wasn't able to have a full dinner here, but had great appetizers creamy tempura shrimp was delicious will definitely come back. Drinks were just ok.
All I have to say is Horrible .... Worst gyro I have had, pita was soggy meat was microwaved . Dog food tastes better... Sorry no stars neg 5...
After waiting 45-50 minutes for our food, only one of our 5 orders arrived. It was chili cheese nachos. The cheese had already hardened and the portion was small. The server then asked, \"are you waiting on other food?\" Yeah, 4 more orders. That never came.
This place is f,!@cked up. Wow. Great venue. But terrible execution. They need a restaurant manager to fix this place. Sushi not bad but what the F on service. It takes a life time to get food. Shoot this place in the in hind quarter close it down. Rest in pease my friend.
Good food. Good selection. Friendly employees. Menu items a little pricey. Great  shakes & onion rings.
Slow service.  One friend did not get his meal till we were finished eating ours. \n\nBurger was just ok. Not crazy about the bun.
Good place to go for men. A little upset because the barber only did a royal shave and he forgot to shave my husband head. However, the royal shave left my husband's face as soft as a baby's bottom. For lack of attention to detail, that's why they only get 4 stars.
We had a good time here! We ended up here after going to The Caesars. We were already pretty wasted. Luckily we had more girls with us then guys. Walked right in. We stayed there till about 7. Drinks are a bit pricey. Bartenders are ok. Coo spot.\n\n ; ^ D
Came here expecting wonderful food.  ordered the Jambalaya and was so disappointed.  It was a pile of gummy rice with a few pieces of sausage and about two small chunks of chicken.  The dish was so salty I couldn't eat it.
Particularly bad food in a neighborhood that sells good food. Weird unseasoned fish tacos and bitter plaintain chips. Yuck. I would not return.
Meatball parm was like ground beef in a ball shape that tasted like meat paste. No stars this go round if I could. Stomach says -1 star.
It was nice of the sommelier to come to our table to tell us about the wines & give us samples,  but after like the fourth time he disrupted our dinner I was ready to run. Too bad too because the chicken parmesan was really tasty.
Good food, fast service, sort of noisy environment! Great experience overall
I got food poisoning from eating here. Ended up puking in another restaurant because of them.
Not as nice as other hotels i don't think it deserves  the stars it was given in any of the web sites my bed sheets had yellow spots on it obviously it was not properly washed i am not sure if there is any supervision from government and health authorities in nevada on these hotels?
The room is huge, the inside is pretty and the people\nBad internet and AC\n\nNot super centrally located on the strip either so getting to the other casinos can be a bit of a pain...but i guess that's their goal ;)
It is always fun but the comps are terrible.
Just went last min. for an oil change. I have a BMW and they quoted me a good price and it was very quick and very professional I would go back.
I will never eat here again, the service was poor and there was a piece of cardboard cooked in my chimi. I got my meal for free, but I didn't eat any of it anyway, so what was the point of the comp?
Ran out of biscuits before the end of breakfast hours, and that's not cool.  Staff was reasonably polite about it though.  Quite a bit of riff-raff as far as customers go, but maybe that's just the area.  Ton of pepper in the eggs.  What the heck?
Very expensive, burgers were rare, fries were cold, onion rings were gross and way over priced! Wouldn't come back here again! Not a fan at all of this place and I'm mad that I wasted my money here! Never again...
Great service, good price and excellent food recommend you go here especially if you live close to this location. I go at least, 3 times a week and have never been disappointed.
We ate here because of convenience and location. We were at the lake, hungry, and not ready to go home yet. They have an okay menu selection, but I would never go out of my way to go back.
Bought a group coupon to this location and I wanted to use it today.  This location is closed down.  Called the Frank Lloyd Wright location and asked whether they would honor the coupon.  Was told to call back when the manager arrives @ 5pm and ask him.  Hopefully they'll honor it.  Have to wait and see.
Probably the best pizza i have had in North Carolina. But it does not get 5 stars because that's the only thing i will ever have there. The dinners and appetizers are very sub-par that i could bring this rating down to even 2 stars but because the pizza is that good, it remains at 4 stars.
Very tasty food. Sirloin chili was very flavorful and a different texture since it had steak in it. Pierogie options were fun and creative. Ravioli special was fresh and delicious. Crab cake had jumbo crab meat.....very impressive. Myers lemon souffl\u00e9 was creative.
Two words - \"Breakfast Burrito!\" They are cheap, huge & yummy! Don't forget to ask for the red sauce to heat things up a wee bit.
Very disappointing!!!!!  I ordered a chicken chalupa and received a lettuce chalupa. Must be something new. Lol!!!!
This is no longer a Baskin Robbins, its only a Dunkin donuts.   Went here for some ice cream but was disaapointed to see its only coffee now.
What did my friend get me into?\n\nEverything bagel with veggie cream cheese and 2 slices of bacon.....\nIts amazing.\n\nThanks a lot Kay! lol
We have received EXCELLENT care at VCA Nellis. Dr. Roehr is a very caring and profressional Veterinarian.We treat our dogs as if there were our children, giving them the best care possible is paramount. We have found it here at VCA Nellis.
Chili's Too is nothing special. They have many of the same items you'd find at a regular Chili's restaurant but caters to faster items to get people fed and on their way. We ate here earlier in the week and the service and the food were in need of improvement. I would not recommend this place.
This place blows anus.\nSmall portions, awful service, and just the worst. If you like sushi come to francisco and I'll take to the best spot in town.
Great sandwiches, great service what more can you ask for.
Went for lunch  closed   All signs are off the building no notice. What happened?   Pfft gone!
This is the place to gp!
This place is wonderful! Excellent customer service and the waxing service is amazing. If you like Brazilian, this is the best pain-less experience ever.\nI have been going here for months.
If you want a great Chicago hot dog and a great Italian Beef go to Lukes. The fries are good too. Friendly, quick service and great food combined with Bears and Cubs stuff everywhere. How can you beat this. This is the best comfort food Phoenix has to offer. Go here, eat and be happy.
No complaints... It is an average Chilies .
Went here a couple weeks ago to watch a friend play. I must say I was pretty impressed. Good atmosphere and the beers they had were great! I shall be back.
Dr. Huynh and Danielle are great! Very intelligent, GENTLE, and friendly. Gentle being the most important quality to me. I am glad I found them!
This location must be under bad management because although the food is always good about 50% of the time they screw up my order and forget something. Like today I ordered a tuna bagel with potato salad. They forgot the potato salad and the TUNA on the damn bagel!
Sushi rolls were very good.  I would recommend the dynamite roll.  Only had one guy helping during dinner rush.  He hustled and did a good job.
Pulled pork is to die for. Excellent brisket and wonderful smoked turkey. Great mess hall atmosphere and the price is right!
Friday night and this place was ...not packed? If anything its the nill to little ambiance that this place has that kills it for me. The food was great and the service was pretty good, but the decor, the lighting, all a little to lunchroom-like for me.
friendly and courteous service! they offer coupon!!! i'm coming back soon!
Great rooms. Sinatra restaurant is a favorite. Rest of the hotel is sleepy with no snack options or place to watch a game without inhaling carcinogens from smoking everywhere.
This place is good. Love the potato pancakes. I like the New York style. The one in Chandler is newer but just as cute inside. The Jewish sliders are a treat.
Really good pho. Quick cab ride on Flamingo, by the Palms.
We went in for Luch on Friday.  It was very crowded, and not as lux inside as it appears from the outside.  The food and service was average (not the best / not the worst).  I would maybe put this on par with the Cheese Cake Factory.
Beans or rice or both way too salty and when meal went virtually uneaten, it was not even questioned.  Also ridiculous  price for a bean and cheese burrito -- $10 bucks -- are you kidding me??   And the chips were completely stale.
Second delivery second problem.  My girlfriend ordered wings and I took the order.....no wings.  \nWhen we called, she was informed that we did get the wings.  Evidently, they are invisible wings!!!\nPizza was mediocre BTW
Never got pizza here before but for take in bake it was pretty good. I'm from the east coast and pizza in AZ isn't great but this was pretty good. Easy to follow and the kids take n bake was cute and my dd really got into it. Hawaiian pizza was great.
Quarter pounder was really dry and bun was like a cardboard. Had to wait for workers to stop playing around in the back so someone could refill our sweet tea because they we out at the refill station. Only gave it one star because the place was clean.
Food was excellent. Wine list very nice. The atmosphere was very cool. Service was outstanding. Very pricey though!!!
Michelle at the take out register has a bad attitude . Giving it to everyone too. Either she need better training or get better costumer service. Told someone in a ride voice , \"number 15? Yeah I've been calling that out for a while now\" smh.
I came here for the fish tacos... but likely won't be back. I prefer mine lightly battered and these were pretty heavily breaded and fried. The first two bites didn't even have fish in them, just breading. They do have different varieties, so maybe some of the other kinds are better?
Best Stromboli in Vegas.  Always friendly service.  Mario the owner usually there and does an outstanding job taking care of his guests.  The crust for both Stromboli and pizza is outstanding.
This is a must stop at least once kind of place.  It was a great burger $3.50 with cheese.   Limited menu but what they do they do well.  If your in Charlotte you have to make the Brooks pilgrimage at least once.
Not good.
It's tough sometimes to not know what is actually wrong with your vehicle, but I felt safe at Meineke. Sure, they did their best to upsell me on other products, but gave me a fair deal with excellent customer service.
I'm not to big a fan of rye bread, but I love Zoe's Gruben. The egg salad sandwich is also very tasty! Most of the things on the menu are healthy and light, except for the chocolate cake (which is VERY hard to resist)!
Very nice location but food was awful.  Had a chicken salad yuck.  Service stunk big time!
Not the place it used to be. It has turned into a \"bro\" bar. Now it's a college bar, which makes sense for the location. Still, it used to be better. So sad.
I gave it another try and noticed some improvements.  So I've gone back several times afterwards.  Really appreciate the follow-up to my review and it shows that they care about customer feedback.  Fired Pie has become one of my favorite places for pizza.
This place had TONS of great looking food!  I ran straight to the Sushi to start, & it was slammin'!  I liked everything I ate, & it will take me a few visits to get to everything that I wanted to try.  The place was clean, all the food looked fresh, & I WILL be going back again!
Got a tower suite for 5 days. For the price, the room, service, and overall hotel were very good. The bed could have been more comfortable, but we were very happy with our stay.
WAs next door getting my car checked out, and had time for a slice or two  of pizza.\nIt was really good... Nice crust. Sauce was good. and the cheese was perfect..  What more can one ask for.
Parking sucks at this casino!!!  But the hotel itself is quite nice inside.  I thought the beds were way too soft though, I woke up with a back ache cause of the lack of support.
Everyone is nice, the bar tenders thoroughly explain the menu offerings and make you feel welcome. Fast and friendly service every time my wife and I eat here. The tortilla soup rocks!
The focaccias are great and Kendra is great. Our go place for after kid's games or to watch U of A.
I think the definition of two stars sums it up perfectly - \"Meh. I've experienced better.\"  Everything we ordered was decent and edible but nothing was fantastic, nothing stood out, nothing will bring me back here when I know there are better options around.
I have been sending all of our business printing projects to JC Printing for more than ten years. They provide great prices, excellent service, fast turnaround time and the quality of the finished pieces is perfect. When I need suggestions for maximizing the value of my projects, they are happy to help me get it just right.
I'm not a huge ice cream fan but I really like Gelato. It's lite, flavorful and half the fat of regular ice cream. I highly recommend the coconut so good!
Les saveurs sont \u00e9patantes. Le poulet au beurre est remarquable et le pain nan un incontournable.
WOW!! Super fun event ..Ate lots of great food, drank some great drinks, jammed with great tunes and partied with great people!! Thanks to YELP and all the companies in attendance!!
Drinks are overpriced & the server was kinda boojie (stuck up). Not impressed..will not be back.
Aaron is best cashier this side of town fast and friendly
These cupcakes are AMAZING!! The lemon one is to die for!! Well worth a trip to try em out!\n\nSeriously the BEST!! Love most of their flavors!! Can't go wrong :)
Vegas nightclub with a Mexican disco inspired d\u00e9cor.  High: cheesy over the top delivery of $$$$ bottles to peacock to the crowd. Low: The DJ and $8 mini water bottles
Great bar.  Maybe my favorite.  Try not to live over it.
IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE ANY NEGATIVE STARS.. I WOULD GIVE THEM A -2*\n\nthe food SUCKED!!\n\nstaff was okay.. but the food SUCKED...
After seeing the amazing reviews, I was expecting to love this place.  At noon on a weekend, the food on the buffet was barely warm, making the food not very appetizing.  Maybe it was just a bad day for this restaurant, but I would not return.  The service was very friendly.
Great place for a lunch, or as I recently found out...live music on Friday nights to forget about the week that just passed.
i liked my bramble berry =) it was fresh blackberries crushed with grey goose and others.... $12 a glass.... it's pricey, but it's vegas -_-\n\nanyways, an okay bar. it was quite empty
Great place to sit, eat and watch sports!
Everyone here is friendly and energetic. The whole area is clean and new. For only $10 a month, you can work out and take a class. Cheap!
First time here. I loved it! Excellent food. Great atmosphere and friendly people. Absolutely perfect!
The only fatburger I will never go to again. They tried to charge me twice. The bill was $32 for 3 burgers (one was a babyfat burger...smallest Ive ever seen) and 2 orders of chili cheese fries.
Had a wonderful early morning breakfast. My server, John, made it even better with his pleasant, attentive service. Best staff all around. What a great start to my day!
Worst customer service I have ever received in a long time. It took about 40 minutes for an appetizer and another 30 for a wrap with French fries. Don't waste your time. Absolutely no point. After they apologized for the wait, it only took more time to get our meals.
They have a good selection of frames.  They overcharge greatly the cost of the lenses.   Everything is \"premium\" so even with vision insurance they soak you for big $.  A simple anti glare will cost you over $100.  Much better places to go to and save considerably.
Went there for a wedding and we were not allowed to celebrate after to ceremony. Over $30K spent with such poor treatment. Do not go here, especially with any events.
Good burger, found this place on IDine.
The butterfish tataki, salmon sashimi, and pork belly with Kim chi is delicious! pineapple flavored Shochu is yummy
Great hand breaded chicken fried steak and eggs!
Best fast food chicken restaurant. I am always impressed by the friendly and courteous staff, clean dining area, and delicious food. This location definitely caters to families, and even has extra diapers in the restroom in case of an emergency and/or forgotten diaper bag. I loved the food, and definitely will be back for more!
The coffee here is pretty bad and they use plastic lids you can taste. Please wash the carafes. If you have time try cartel instead.
Loved it. Food & service was great, along with bowling and pool!
Wouldn't go anywhere else. Close and easy to stop into, great for gifts, employees BIG plus for being so knowledgeable / helpful
I like this Starbucks location...\n\nThe workers are typically polite and efficient. They are also yet to screw up one of my orders! So I will continue to get my morning coffee here, since the Tropicana and Decatur store is disgusting and slow! \n\nTwo thumbs up!
I used to eat here a lot. Their lunch special Korean rib is really good.\nHowever, under the new management, the sushi roll is now packed with ton of rice.
It doesn't cost any extra to be nice....and everyone is always 'nice' when I go in. They also print a nice sign. However, they have NO CLUE how to give outstanding customer service. Another example of how businesses can thrive despite their inadequacies.
Price is good but never have eaten at a sushi place with all you can eat that doesn't allow all specialty rolls to be offered
The other review is spot on. I made a 9:30 appointment. The eye doctor herself came in with wet hair at 9:45! It was another hour after that I was seen.
First rate sports bar. Service is excellent. Food is very good and their house beers are scrumptious. $2.50 pints at Happy Hour. Made a fan out of me.
We had dinner tonight with friends. This place is great.  Fresh food and lots of it. Service was also great.
yay, they have veggie dogs and a ton of toppings.  Its a nice place to pop into and the people working are always friendly!
The place I tried was on union hills, absolutely terrible..pizza was over done, wings were bad and I felt like a fool spending $30.00 there for a terrible product.
Go to Dunkin Donuts!
Orange juice is completely horrible...there's no juice, only pulp. The rest is ok good.
Was ok until now has this terrible experience\n\nNo
Alright guys you guys are being to harsh in GC sure the food and stuff might not be the best in the world. But think about it what do you expect from a 10 dollar buffet? So overall I was satisfied not as bad as people say because it is indeed a cheap buffet but yeh not the best thus the 4 star.
The falafel was dry and not very crisp. I got a falafel wrap and it was more salad (iceberg lettuce and few tomatoes/cucumbers) than falafel. I only counted 2 falafel balls. Overall wasn't impressed and wouldn't go back unless desperate.
Coffee is better than most places but really not that special.  To be quite honest, I don't know what the fuss is about this place.  The prices are decent for their coffees but everything else (cookies, chocolates...) is overpriced.
Food is suck, I'm whiting my food like 50min then......
I came here with my mother to purchase a wallet for my birthday present. I already knew which wallet I wanted. The staff was a bit snobby, I felt like they were much more cordial to me at Louis Vuitton... and I didn't even purchase anything there.
The food was just so so. The ribs were tough, the chicken was a little dry. Maybe I just caught them on a bad day. I may gp try them again, but probably not for a while.
Very fast and nice service. The menu is a bit overwhelming, but they have lot of tasty options. Possibly the best true Mexican food I've ever had.
Not nice at all, cheeesy. They had a.channel for sound so loud that you could barely hold a conversation. The place looks dated as well as the clientele.  On the plus side, great selection of bottled beer.
I was a pretty big fan of the pizza muffins, the pizza was decent but not outstanding.
My review may be a little biased because my girlfriend had some serious stomach issues the same night we ate there. I am not sure if it was the food or the enormous amounts of alcohol we had that made us feel sick the next morning. the food was actually fairly good. the Margaritas were definitely too sweet and the service was pretty good also.
I don't know what happened to this place. It's gone downhill!!!! I used to enjoy coming here, the food was pretty good. This time it was super salty and not to mention expensive!!! Our waiter was super cool at least.
Good food, if you get here in time for Happy Hour.\n\nAny other time it seems terribly over priced.\n\nServers a great, very personable.
I was banned for life from this bar in the Spring of 2006.
For sushi on a budget, go to this place and eat the sushi because it is delicious.
This was a fun little side mention on our trip along the eastern seaboard.\nI absolutely love history and although not the best historical point on our trip, it was cute seeing the old farm house and the animals.\nmy favorite were the pigs, even though i was bitten by one of them.
Was really excited to see that they deliver and called in with a large order on, but sadly to no avail. I was made aware they no longer deliver and my salivating and dreams of yellow curry and satay were crushed.
This place was surprisingly authentic tasting for being in Arizona.. The food came out quick and the service was good so I will definitely be recommending this place to anyone I know.
La meilleur Poutine a Mtl !!! Pr\u00e9voyez une file d'attente c'est toujours plein mais cela en vaut le d\u00e9tour !!!
This is a great little spot in Old Town.\n\nIt's a small bar inside, but outside is where you want to be.  The atmosphere, people and cheap beers will make you think you're back in the Midwest or East Coast with your college friends having a great night!
Getting a reservation here was a little hard, but it was worth eating dinner at 10:15. The ambiance is great and very comfortable. The decor is classy as well, don't order too much!
Not worth the money. Decent, but for 89-100 a head, it better make me say 'that was AMAZING!'
Love this place!!! This is my second time here! Everything is GREAT! The drinks and food are both great! Quick service! \n\nAsk for Brian, he is a great server
The food is good and kind of expensive.\nThe drinks are a bit to expensive, but they were generous on the alcohol.\nNice setting (two story). Also the staff was nice
You get what you pay for. It is a very clean salon and the staff is friendly. 50 percent of the time I get a rocking pedicure the other 50 percent I do not. Honestly what do you want for 20 bucks though? It gets an ok review from me because it is just that OK.
I ordered for delivery an angus burger and chicken wings and fries. The fries were the only good thing. The meat for my burger tasted undercooked and old. I had ordered my chicken wings hot but I was given plain chicken wings. I'm never going to order from this place again.
Fish tacos are so good after midnight. Maybe cos I'm dying of hunger?
I bought a groupon when I first moved to this area. I was stuck there for 6hrs! My hair was way prettier before I went in there. My hair came out orange/yellow, and I asked for medium brown. And the cut was just horrible, straight across. They also charged me extra for having long hair.
Always try to sell my wife a new air filter or something she doesn't need. Last time didn't have vouchers for promo with my wife. I go 20 minutes later & they have them.
still NO ELECTRIC vehicles to rent in Phoenix yet. Also very few hybrids so you have to use a lot of gas while renting. \nSomeday we will have more choices.
Perfect simple breakfast. I had the classic eggs Benedict with home fries. The hollandaise was excellent, the ham was thick cut and tasty. The poached eggs were near perfect - slightly over done. \n\nFriendly staff and casual diner atmosphere with a French Canadian edge.
Food- taste horrible\nService- 1-10.....it gets a 4\nUFC fights- plenty of tv's to watch the fights.
Good restaurant.  Excellent wait staff.  Great selection of microbrews and the fish and chips is fantastic.\n\nI really liked the relaxed vibe here.  It felt like you were hanging out in a well stocked living room watching the hockey game.  It is very easy to make friends with the table next to you here.
Horrible service. Slow, slow, slow. Ordered white toast, got something that looked like marble rye.  Ordered fruit, received hash browns. Ordered coke, received diet...at the very end of the meal when I only had a few bites left. Food was cold and tasteless. Wait staff was horrible.
Fantastic place for inventive delicious food.
They are consistent and delicious. Definitely ask for the hot salsa, much better than the house salsa. Best Mexican north of the 101 and south of Cave Creek highway.
Mmm one of my favorite places to go! I love almost everything on their menu and it is all very affordable :)
Love the Toyota Care Program. For the next 5 years I will not pay for regular maintenance on my car. The customer service in the service department here is super friendly & my car always comes out on time & sparkling clean - big time brownie points for that!
I love this Pei Wei, Tim the manager makes it a fun place to be.   The Thai dynamite is always good.   I love the black tea.   Mix it up and order the brown fried rice.....
Bread pudding without raisins! Omg, fried with caramel sauce!! I've decided that this is a must order for every time I visit. The food was really great and the service was awesome. I haven't been there for breakfast but the dinner service was great.
This is a great little spot with great pizza, parking sucks though.
Iam a local stayed weekend at Hooters place had great prices took a shot at it been there 4 more time whole family loves it
Really slow. If it was fine dining I would expect to wait :15 for a simple order of chicken strips. But it's not fine dining--it's Burger King.
The only reason why I did not rate as 5 stars was the very slow end service. It took 20 minutes for the waiter to pick up the payment and cash us out. Otherwise the food was great! I will be returning.
We've been here in march 2011. Great pub and we loved the burgers!!! Great place and kind bar staff. From my POV definitely a pub you have to visit in Edinburgh.
I would have thought they would have better service considering the overabundance of staff. Kind of an \"iffy\" location. Not easy in & out access. Parking behind store only.
was here to purchase an audio recorder and the guys were very helpful.  Was offered great replacement warranty and decided to roll with that.  I was in and out in 5 minutes.  No complaints!
Love this place! They've been consistent with their product and I've been coming here since 2006! Still the best one in town - price and quality. Thank you Yama!
food is healthy, good appetizers
Went in for brake pads and was helped by Hector T. So helpful gave me some great tips yhat saved a ton of time. Also brakes had lifetime warranty so tjey were FREE!
If I could give a zero, I would. $25 kobe burger was horrible. $15 slush drinks ..aful as well. Only bright spot was Erik our server.doubt I will get home without getting sick. This local WONT ever be back.. Avoid this place!
Never again.  The cheese steak was bad.  The meat was dry and tastless and the cheese was also tasteless.  The bun got really soggy and gross.
Im wondering why it took me 4 years to finally eat here but man am I glad I did. Top notch service. Enchiladas were some of the best i've had. Really fantastic margaritas. Will definitely be back!
Horrible service. The first time could have been a fluke, but one week later it is confirmed. Loud, crass staff; boxes stacked throughout store; filthy bathroom with no soap; and trashy seating area.
After doing my Yelp research, I went to Europin to alter a dress for me.  I was completely satisfied with the alteration and really surprising impressed with their kindness and customer service.  Very very nice people.  I would absolutely go again for alteration needs that pop up in the future.
It's ok, but they need more signs, I think they want you to get lost looking for the convention center! But you can find the casino, restaurants, stores....etc no problem. Kinda funny
It was very clean environment , they have really good food,I recomend this place whoever wants to to eat  Salvadorian food, the Pupusas are really yummy!
Bug in my food. Need I say more....
we went for brunch w/friends a couple of sundays ago i had the tasso ham benidict w/a small ramican of sausage gravey on the side (usually over the top) it was fabu the service is always great and lunches/dinners also great good beers on tap and good cocktails
Im trying this new place too see if it compares to daily kitchen or greens & proteins. Well I have to say for a true vegan its paradise. But for a person who just want to eat a bit healthy its just too much.
Great hotel!!! Just stayed here this past weekend and I was well pleased with everything there. Service was great, rooms was clean and comfortable. Very quite and non smoking casino. I would stay here again!
Love this place! My friend took me here once and recommended the double charburger, comes with fries and a drink! Food is always fresh and the service is great.
I just read that this place was temporarily shut down by health inspectors for scoring -9 out of 100 on their inspection.  Disgusting!
What can I say, the place was perfect. I was there for the all you can eat lunch. Unlike all the big buffets in town they make the sushi as you order it, it's not sitting out on a lunch line. Great spot!!
They would not accept my yelp offer... Because they are a franchise.. I love Naima she's funny and has great humor. since my friends and I are servers it's nice to have someone who remembers us and treats us like we're friends :)
Really too bad.  Great service, great building and decor, but the food was very bland.  We probably won't be back....
Windy City Beef N' Pizza is a lot of fun. The food is decent. I've never been to Chi-town, but it seems to represent it well. If I'm in the mood for a hot dog or slice of deep dish pizza I know where to go.
Friendly, fast, efficient and affordable. I had iPhone and iPad repaired. :) They know what they're doing. I'll go back to these guys for sure.
I'm starting to turn into a proper wanker who likes art galleries. Had the best time here today with me mammy. There was an exhibition on about witches which was very cool and interesting and some other neat paintings too. The spiced fruit scone in the cafe with cream and jam was totally epic too.
Typical tourist trap. Service was lousy and crepes were the worst I had in Montreal. There are way too many other places in Montreal to go to.
It's just ok... Huge portions tho... I hate to say it but panda express has more flavor..
I am very impressed how the manager took care of us after there was an issue. That show great  customer service skills. I wish there was a whataburger in California and I would want him as the manager. Thanks for a great burger as always.
Every time I come here I get a different price and a different taste in my drink. Nothing ever seems consistent here at this location.
Amazing Italian food... The owner and son make the service friendly and great for families or a couples night out...\n\nMy favorite is veal parm & wife loves about 10 different meals!!\n\nMust go!!
Nope. Nice amenities, but room Ethernet was bad, wi-fi was evidently hackable (my account was compromised while there), and paid thru the nose for everything.
If you just want to beer pong,this is the spot.other than that,its cool.This place waaaaay in the back of miracle mile at planet hollywood.almost got lost but finally found it.the best part all you can drink from 3-6 i believe for 20$ which is cool as well
Went here for dinner on a sat night and we were the only ones in the restaurant.  The food was ok, but nothing memorable. The restaurant had a nice ambience but that was about all..
The food was edible and we didn't get sick, but this was just a terrible buffet. Dried out, bland, and odd-tasting food was unappealing. We wasted our money on this place.
Have a smoothie here- wasn't that wow'ed by it. Fresh ingredients though. The girls behind the counter were NOT friendly though.
They are finally open 24/7!! A pretty good place to good some food after a night at the bars.
Good and convenient for a quick slice of fast food at aria.  There's nothing else to grab fast food in this casino.  Servers were nice and friendly
I wouldn't go out of the way for it. Pizza and wings are mediocre, and the wait time was 1hr from my email confirmation. Ranch was not complimentary with wings nor encouraged to be purchased. Customer service was above par but that might be the only redeeming quality.
Some of the best wings in town! I always get medium but I've tried other flavors and they are all really good!
Great BBQ. They always use gloves when touching any food. Get the sweet potato fries and beans as a side. They go great together.
This time we tried ordering ribs it said on the phone that they are closed until October 1st!!! REALLY???? You are closing down your business for almost 3 months? Thats crazy if you ask me.....
Worked with Stoddart's Lock & Safe to install electronic locks at our new house. Josh was our locksmith and he did a great job of getting everything installed and working without issue. Good folks I'd definitely do business with again!
I'm updating Wildflower to 5 Stars because I'm eating a chocolate croissant from there as I write this and it's making my hangover significantly more bearable. Anything that can make me feel less like stabbing something the morning after a bender deserves all the stars it can get.
Still love this place!__
A real treat!  Everything I have tried on the menu is high quality and very delicious and they work hard on maintaining an eclectic and broad ranged wine program, which I really enjoy.  Great decor, relaxed casual yet elegant atmosphere and a spectacular patio!
Good service, nice patio atmosphere, generous portions, excellent drinks. I would recommend the fish tacos and the house margarita, but skip the ceviche.
You know, I had dinner here  the other night for the first time and the food was good, just above ok but no where near great.  Our server was nice but didn't know the beer menu at all.  Also, It took forever for our main course to arrive. Overall it was meh.
Love the crab--all you can eat. Other items, veggies, great salad bar, soups and a variety of desserts and ice cream soft serve machine. Wait staff very friendly and.efficient. We will be back.
If you're looking for pizza, this is not the spot. Too expensive for the ass tasting food. No nutrition and very not macro friendly. This place is shit.
They certainly could get a little more organized. Worth the wait though.
I just wrote a review, but then had to log in and it disappeared.  Needless to say -- I wasn't impressed.  Bland food.  Cold when served.
If you have a sweet tooth.  Then this is the place to come. But be prepared to wait for a table it is worth it.
Will never go back. Was there 2 hours before closing for an oil change and was turned away because they did not have enough time.  I gladly took my business elsewhere.
I waited half an hour in the drive thru @\n3 am with only 3 cars ahead of me, and all I wanted was a fucking soda. No apology for the wait, nobody could be bothered to walk it out to me so I didn't have to wait. Ridiculous!
Worst service I've endured in a long time. Restaurant was 1/3 full, no excuse. Food was sub par for Patina Group. They have grown too commercial, diluted their brand, and are resting on their laurels. Too many other better options in Vegas.
Grooming dept gets a 2. It is inaccepable for it to take 3 hours for my dog to get a bath. Especially when they quote me an hour which would be a reasonable amount of time. I come to the location cause It is close to my house and they carry the food my dog eats.
Also found out that the day I ordered my pizza ( Tuesday ) they have buy one get one free pizza if you buy a large or Xlarge...but because I did not specifically ask for it, they did not offer it. This is bad business folks..another reason I will not order from them again :(
Love this restaurant! Great food, great atmosphere, and great service!
This place is very very good. The Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna... WOW, Wok Charred Seishido Peppers, and Edamame   INSANE.\n\nLove the hotel, and glad Simon's is right downstairs. Been there about 15 times now, never unhappy!
Used a Groupon today to eat here and they gave tiny portions compared to normal and a sharing charge for one of my little kids.    Food was ok but the restaurant is dirty and bathroom always out of order....Dont use a Groupon at this place as they rip you off on the food portions.
At least twice a week I have to eat my spice wings .First time I came to this place on N Durango .Very poor service .The waiters pass around you and do not even talk with me .As always great food .But this time the most poor service I received.For sure this place I do not come back.
Every single time I go to this location they are always out of plain bagels!  Obviously, if you know that plain bagels are a favorite then you should make some more.  I guess I'll be going elsewhere until they can find the time to toast a few plain bagels.
Had to send back the kids meal and our soups. This was first time we had to send back all our food. On top of that the manager was rude about it. We won't be going back anytime soon.
this subway somehow always makes me sick. i suggest not ordering anything there and making a sandwich at home.
Great apartments. Guard gated, all units come with a garage, washer and dryers, beautiful and clean grounds. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. Excellent location for freeway, airport and strip access.
If you are looking for it, it is called Dino Mart. I don't know if it's pronounced [deeno] like Dean Martin Dino, or [dyno] like the dinosaur. Much busier location so maybe that's more safer.
Very clean . Fresh produce .Outstanding customer service but wayyyy to expensive !!!! Walmart and food for less offer many of the same items at a third of the cost . Food for less is just sooo far
Do NOT order delivery.  I've ordered delivery from them twice.  First time 90 minutes, second time 2.5 hours!  No apology, nothing.  Will not be going back.
The meat is fantastic. Lilly pop does not disappoint, if gotten medium rare. But this place does not take alergias seriously. I have a dary thing, and while the food was fantastic,  the night and part of next morning was shot, in the worst way.
Room smelled like sweaty sneakers.....disgusting!!  Requested a room change and second room wasn't quite as smelly but still had an odor.  Will never stay here again!!
Excellent service every time we go in.  Great food and cheap prices.
Owner is a crook period
Well Wolfgang, you did well my friend.\n\nThis place was great to grab my last meal in Vegas on my business trip.  I enjoyed a salad with added chicken while enjoying a show right outside the dining area.  \n\nThe restaurant is a lot bigger than it looks and would be great to impress a large group.
Bought they're groupon deal for here a while back. Service is awesome, coolest car wash staff ever. And in response to J.S. about the kid, he also helped me out and I thought he was awesome (although I was just self washing my car)
It's like going to see a movie in your own home there. Really really comfortable seats that recline all the way back. I will only go to movies here.
This is a hidden gem!  It's in a bad neighborhood but the food is worth the trip.  It's possibly the best Indian food I've ever had. Our waiter Vick was super knowledgeable and entertaining.
Best breakfast in Charlotte. Red velvet waffles, pancakes, sides, including hash browns were all scratch made. So were the biscuits and the breakfast casserole I ate. All good! My hubby is a coffee snob and he loved the French press. Expect a wait but so worth it.
NOT a huge fan of their macarons like Wolfgang Puck, BUT I loved their sandwiches..
Food wz good. If you want ur food timely, you need to order at least 15 mins ahead of time. Service is slow, especially if there's more than two tables occupied. I like Makinos better. I get what i want, when i want it.
I wish I could say the meal was great for $900.  The service was slow and dry.  The food was only good.  I have to say ... been there done that but never again.
I really love this store! My fiance and I go there every time we go in to las vegas. They have a very nice selection of yarn. I can't wait to go back.
Ate here because it was convenient since we stayed at the Signature.  We should have taken a cab somewhere else.  The cost is ridiculous for the food that you get.  I would have appreciated Hometown Buffet more as far as taste, quality of food and price goes.
A very friendly Temple not full of people in Black Hats, just a bunch of very wise ones that will take you as you are and more great Spiritual Moments to appreciate and share with the person sitting next to you.\nWe all need an amount of G-d choose your dose.
The 2 times I went here were both late around 10P on a Saturday. I've had their tasty and delightful margarita pizza with a sweet white wine. Maybe because I was tipsy off the wine and that's why I felt the pizza and service was excellent? I may never really know.
This store has it goin on, not the cheapest but they have everything if your on the way the airport and need some gifts fast,  Kick-ass hot sauce? Got it!  Cactus Candy? - Got it! ,  Red cowboy hat ?  Got it! - 5 foot long stuffed rattlesnake? - Got it!
I went here because I bought a groupon. The service is horrible! The lady who was doing my nails didn't speak to my at all. She was on her phone the whole time. She did a horrible job. My gel polish which usually lasts 2 weeks started peeling within 5 days. Do not go here!
Awesome lunch, with true value.  Amazing sea bass deftly filleted, head included (cheek meat!), served with perfect fries.  Beautiful walnut cake with the best Greek ice cream (hints of honey and herbs).
You would think that they would do a better version of Shoyu chicken because they are from Hawaii. I was very disappointed.  The chicken was lightly seasoned, barely any soy and not sweet at all. I almost thought they served me adobo.
Ate here as we were at a conference and did not have a bunch of time in between sessions. It is just ok not great not horrible. The free popcorn was yummy and the perfect amount of salt. The chicken fingers I split with a coworker were extremely overcooked and dry. Ok when you are rushing between sessions.
This place is the best. For real. Fish is always so fresh, their rolls are inventive and the staff is super warm and friendly. Definitely a go-to for sushi - never disappoints!
Fast and filling and tasty. I wish the cheese fries had cheese ON them and not served on side. Chili is awesome, love the chili dog.
I'm from Louisiana and this isn't even close...sorry....way over priced for the serving...service sucked....place looks nice....but menu looked old! Don't waste your money here!!
Amazing and fresh food at a fair price. I eat here multiple times per week. Family run and excellent all around!!
Never again! Worst breakfast and service. Burnt food, cold food, incompetent manager.
Food here is TERRIBLE!! I think the price is too much. The oysters are frozen instead of fresh. The sushi rice are spoiled!!!! Unacceptable! I won't recommend this buffet restaurant.
I must say I am very disappointed with the way it's establishment is ran, we had a group of kids (7) some with experience and some not, then they put 3 adults In the adult kart and ran all over the kids and ran almost 36 sec faster, not a safe experience for the younger kids.
I love pizza.  So when I stubbled across this place with my wife, we rejoiced.  This is a weekly staple of ours.  We love to go for drinks, brushetta, and pizza.  Finish that off with their molten cookie dessert... So amazing.
My favorite place in Madison. I really enjoy taking out of town family members here because of their local food items and the beautiful view of the capital. Every time that I come for breakfast, I always order the special which is usually a scramble and it's always amazing.
food was good. but over priced. I tryed to dogy bag my left over food and the waiter tryed to charge me. never saw that before
I've eaten here multiple times and the food is absolutely delicious. Definitely stop here if you love Japanese/Chinese cuisine.
The food is tasty and well displayed. The service has a great neighborhood feel, they treat you like a regular in the first visit. One wall opens to the outside so it has a great indoor/outdoor feel. Best of all, they have live music. Good live music!!! Two thumbs up.
Coffee?  Meh?  Apparently this has to be more verbose to be classified as a review, but yeah not much more to say, pretty standard Starbucks, it is what it is
Tony and Trader Joe's Thank you for showing up on yelp...\nI will have to go by today, btw the 2 buck chuck is good for sangria also...
The location and decor are downscale, but the food is delicious, inexpensive, and healthy.\n\nPlenty of vegan options.\n\nThere is no alcohol served, but the spiced tea was very good.
Great Happy Hour!  3 bars with excellent drink and food specials.  Staff is very friendly.
Awesome view over the lake.. Great service and prices. Come here every time for cross country meets!
Excellent service, refreshments, massage, and relaxing!
Oh ma word! Sooooo glad to have found this gem, their baked goods are so delicious! The chocolate chip cookie is amazing. The croissant with strawberry is freakin delicious too! If I'm Nevada again this place will be a must stop again.
Dollar Rent-A-Car requires you to fill up within 10 miles of the airport and show your receipt.  I used the GasBuddy app to find the cheapest gas in the area, and this Circle K fit the bill!
Damn. Unbelievably horrible. Cab smelled like gasoline, driver appeared intoxicated, and the meter did not work. Asked the driver to let me out 1 block from my pickup.
Possibly the best burger I've ever had and definitely the best chili cheese fries I've ever had. Got the Miso Burger and Oxtail chili cheese fries. Both are phenomenal. Beer prices are decent too. Eat here an you'll be thankful you did.
came here for my first buffet in vegas.  it was mediocre, not much selection as many stations were empty.  ie: the latin food only consisted of guacamole and salsa.  the prime rib there was pretty good though.  but all in all, not much selection.
One of the things I miss most about West coast!
just. delicious. go. here.
I came here after seeing it on the Food channel. The pastrami sandwich was bland and it was difficult to eat with the soggy fries and unseasoned cole slaw. Overall, I would definitely not return.
Both dr Martin and swainston are amazing but they are way overcrowded. I'm a little concerned about getting seen and what will happen when I go into labor. When you do see them thy give you their full attention.
I received a fantastic pedicure here, but my manicure was poorly done. It was rushed. $80 for a deluxe pedi and gel mani. Kinda steep.
The chicken shwarma, kaftta and hommus deluxe are excellent. The garlic sauce is so good I want to drink it. Can you smell my breath from here?\nAwesome staff and a cool store in the back. Try the cookies and the baklava, they're delicious.
Spicy and Extra Crispy\n\nLooking for Cajun style fried chicken.  Staff are friendly.  I had to wait extra long for my order one time, but manager apologized and gave extra chicken pieces and biscuits.  Opt for the extra crispy and spicy chicken.
Naked Girls in tubs covered by rose petals. That pretty much sums up the entrance to Tao. Only in Vegas. The food here was surprisingly good, from the cooked food to the sushi. I was pleasantly delighted with this dining experience and would go back for seconds..on the food of course you perv!
Fantastic food with great service...every time I ate here I have a great time....always enjoyed my food never had any issues
Update: No more big bowl of snow ice, only small cups. \n\nI've tried a lot of shave ice places around town, this one is one of the best. Reminds me of a few joints in California. \n\nTip: Order the popcorn chicken and snow ice.
One of Japanese sushi chef was so embarrassing.. The way he talks makes us want to leave the restaurant.\nVery dissapointing management.\n\nFood was just ok. Another salty Asian dish you can eat anywhere. I would not come back for this service and the food.
Had the Caesar salad with chicken.  Dressing was bland. Service is good..nice atmosphere.
Love love love the BBQ sauce.  Some of the best BBQ you can get in AZ.  I was not a big fan of some of the sides (sorry no 5 star) but the meat was very very good with generous portion served hot..
Hated the atmosphere, if the cast of Jersey Shore was in Vegas and not at Hooters they'd probably be here. But the blooming onion hot dog was pretty great.
I just ordered to go today. Seriously, it was the worst general Tao ever. Very disappointed. It was almost only rice. I also ordered a the padsew and it was bad. I would not recommend this place at all.
Best Thai/Lao  in Madison, hands down. Curried Squash is outstanding.  Slow service at times, but well worth the wait.
I want to give 5 stars but the food isn't that consistent. I usually love their daily chili specials. Nice outdoor seating.
Pretty good but small portions
Only 2 ppl working and a long line. After waiting for 10+ one drink was ready but the other never got made. After asking where the drink was all we got was oh sorry I forgot from the cashier and had to pay again.... Ugh
Quality of food has decreased rapidly: constant change of management. Not responsive to constructive suggestions as simple as food not cooked, food has no taste etc.
We eat at Inca Grill once or twice a month.  We generally go for a half or full chicken with salad and lots of sauces.   Seems to be the best Peruvian restaurant in town... We love it! :)
Great place for pizza while in Vegas. We sat at a table near the bar and experienced fantastic service from both, our server and the bartender. Food came out quick and hot and the beer was cold. The atmosphere is open with lots going on. We will make this on of our regular stops on our annual Vegas trips.
Great bar atmosphere with Chinese food! Good waitress but needed help with our large group! Food Ok!  Lots of beer selections!
Great restaurant. I came in expecting a great steak, and they delivered. The beef wellington is definitely in the top 3 steaks that I have ever eaten. The price is comparable to restaurants like Mastros or Mortons but this place has even better food and service.
Best Chinese in CU by far. Was recommended by a Chinese friend as the place to go and I was not disappointed by the food. They recently added waitstaff to their payroll which seemed to detract from the experience as the table service was weak and I waited a very long time for my check.
Great food. Excellent beers on tap. What more could you want in life? I've been here quite the number of times and always had something new and delicious to try.
I haven't been to a bad Coffee Bean location, but the ladies behind the counter here went above and beyond to accommodate my strange requests. Love this place!
I have to say the Customer Service here is awesome...I love the drive through also...they are always so cheerful and kind
Don't bother eating at the Quesadilla Restaurant located in the Imperial Palace Hotel, Las Vegas.  The food is tasteless, bland & forgettable.  Very disappointed!
Good yummy food. We had chicken jalfrezi, hickey makhani, and paneer achari. Mango lassi was yum as usual. Paneer tikka may have been better choice than achari. Achari was good but had thin gravy.
I went here because of long line at IN n OUT across the street...It took 5 minutes to take the order of the car in front of me,and10 minutes for me to get a FN Berger! this Place is SLOW!  I should have waited in line at IN n Out
My husband and I love good Indian curry.  In fact, most times we prefer to cook at home rather than going out.  Enter Dehli.  They have an awesome lunch buffet that has a lot of curries that are difficult to make at home.  Overall, go to this place for lunch and order the Garlic Naan
Finally found a real barber shop. Great cut, chill spot and reasonably priced. Alejandro definitely hooked it up.
So-so.  Small shop with not a lot of stock on hand, apparently does most of his business by special order.  Guy behind the counter was pleasant.  I'd give them 4 or 5 stars...but the one thing I want out of a gun shop is that they actually must have a good selection of GUNS. :)
Great burgers and fries.
Amazing service and even better food! We got the \"tasting menu\" that walks through all of Chef Ramsay's signature dishes. Everything was cooked to perfection and tasted delicious. Can't wait to go back!
The food was excellent. Vegetarian omelets and banana and pumpkin pancakes. Our server, Mary was amazing, attentive and very accommodating and caring.. We will certainly be back again. Thanks Mary and thanks Original Pancake House,
This was a first time at In-N-Out Burger and it was just as great as I had heard. Make sure to look up their secret menu online to really take advantage of what they have to offer. The prices are good and the food is way better than McDonalds and other fast food.
Average bar with a nice outdoor area. You can go cornholing there which is fun.\n\nWish the beer selection was better.
Another yelp success! It's about 12 minutes away from the strip. We ordered everything that was recommended to us - curry duck and fried ice cream. All items were amazing. If we lived in the area we would be back. Go here, you wont be disappointed.
ok enough doctor but his new receptionist / front office staff needs to be more pleasant.  i was previously a patient but just made a new appointment at a different office.  sign outside says walk-ins welcome but have been to the mall with the office closed a few times.  seems to cater more to tourists now as it is located in fashion show mall.
My wife and I ate here two months after they opened. One of the most expensive places I have ever eaten, and worth every cent. The Lamb Duet, Lamb Chops and Lamb Shepherds Pie was perfect. My wife's ribeye was awesome. Hopefully It's still just as good today.
This place doesn't even deserve 1 star, service is horrible.  Food taste like it came out of a can.  You can find the severs at the bar talking, no managers in site.  Don't bother with this dump, huge let down.  Lazy staff.
Awesome place for a casual date night. Amazing ice-creams and tasty appetizers. I'm not a fan of the price but I can over look that for a special occasion.
Great menu, great food but they're horribly understaffed. Hopefully they can hire some people and keep up a level of service that matches the quality of food.
Top quality furnture - if you are looking for the best of the best, shop at Red.  Also, the owner is very nice, and is always willing to help.  It's worth a visit even if you aren't considering making an actual purchase.  There are things there that you won't see anywhere else in this state.
Disappointed every time I've gone...won't be trying it anymore!!
A new experience, in the end it was nasty, sauces were bland, and had massive diarrhea after wards. \n\nRATING: GARBAGE!
I'm visiting from LA, so this was the first time I have eaten at Best Of Philly. I will for sure eat there next trip! The Gyros was amazing! And the mushroom steak sub was too die for! Thanks to the nice people working, I think it was the owner and maybe his wife.
Standard fare for coffee. Limited weekend hours. Got a fifteen dollar red dress next door. Overall ho hum : )
Had a great banquet with over 20 of us. Staff were great and very efficient. Zazou enjoyed the starters and all the different tastes. She says she'd go back to taste some more Lebanese flavours.
Bumped them up one star. They comped me one night and their insurance company has been totally on top of it in regards to my car.\n\nI probably wouldn't stay here again, but I am glad that they handled everything well.
The place was aweful! The bartender was rude and not friendly she needs to move on. We got a hamburger and told her no onions ... Of course she didn't listen and the meat was under cooked -- she basically threw the order at us.
I love this place Except they need Real plates! Fried eggs off of styrofoam just doesn't get er done. Bring cash as plastic is a no go...
At least the prices are good because the parking sucks & employees aren't very helpful.
The dinner buffet was absolutely horrible. Very little choice for dinner and the food was never replaced in a timely manner. The service was, otherwise fantastic.
Make sure to visit the actual runway in the middle of the mall. On weekend afternoons they feature a hot mess of an Old Navy commercial come to life where kids strut the stage to promote such high fashion as True Religion jeans (with smoke effects!) while their moms stand at the end of the runway taking photos with their iPads.
Great prices, super prompt, excellent quality of service.
When my husband turns to me and says Nations has a better burger than here you know we have a problem. We were not impressed with the $32 burger. But their cheese platter was definitely worth getting and my mussels were really delicious. The service was great too but if you want a burger go somewhere else.
Supposed to be the best in Las Vegas but I had better at other places for cheaper. I go for the crab legs but when I tried theirs out it was a bit too salty so I was disappointed. Probably will not try it again unless a group of friends force me to go.
Love the food here I really won't ever go to another sushi place if I don't have to but the service could be a little better/faster but still love it here.... (Ps they could turn the music down just a bit)
My update is that I went back to CIci here and I love her haircuts and color.  She is also very pleasant to work with.  No more oddness with scheduling has occurred, but I don't try to push them into anything complicated.  :-)
College bar with MLB package, they put the Nationals game on for us since it was summer and they were pretty empty. Okay beer selection but was perfect being able to see the game.
The crepes are almost pretty good, the coffee is pretty bad, and the people who work here actually go out of their way to be nasty. It has all the bad qualities of Paris with none of the good ones!
This place sucked. I'm a bisexual girl who came with gay men and the bouncer was rude to me from the beginning. I'm under 18 and they're over 21. My friend ordered a sprite for me and a vodka for him. The bouncer accused me of drinking the alcohol and kicked me out. fuck this place.
Good food but disappointing service
$1.75 draft brews...enough said.  It is off the strip and kind of divey, which is fine by me.  They offer cheap beer, cheap games and karaoke.  Who can ask for more?  If you want the glitz & glamour, go to one of the major casinos on the strip.
It's a great bank - but not for a mortgage.
Nice alternative for an afterwork dinner.  Exceptional service and reasonable prices.  Food and beverages offered are awesome, and if you enjoy something simple, the chocolate chip cookies for desert are a great surprise.  The sports bar atmosphere doesn't feel as canned as some others... great staff attitude goes chapters in making a nice experience.
Wonderful local find by the theaters.  The d\u00e9cor was beautiful and the food was fantastic.  I love the \"making it your own\" creations on the menu items we tried.  I will be back with friends!!
The best Chinese food EVER! Absolutely LOVED it. my husband and I come here all the time. Very clean and quite restaurant. The lady who greets you is extremely friendly. The food tastes awesome. I always get the chicken and beef fried rice dish, and the eggplant chicken dish. YUMMMMM
I love this location....Friendly staff & great customer service! It's very nice to be greeted by smiles & fabulous delish drinks! Kudos to this location!
Tryst is basically XS lite. much smaller, with a lot less talent. but still a decent place to kill some time in vegas, especially if you dont want to deal with getting into XS or Marquee or the like.
It is a fabulous idea and I love the quotes on the wall. The customer service was good. The food was boring and had no flavor. I enjoyed eating outside on the patio.
Very overpriced average food- definitely a tourist trap. \nThe wines were ridiculously expensive. $14 for a glass of bordeaux? \nC'mon!\n\nThe best thing we got from the restaurant servers were recommendations for bars and lounges on Crescent St.
Always good service and huge selection of beer. Disappointed they took firestone double barrel out of the bar... But not the fault of the bartenders... Ask for Brad at the bar he's friendly and a good bartender.
Best place to get a tattoo. Recently got my first one and was really nervous, Nathan did an excellent job of calming me down and taking me thru the whole thing. Before I knew it it was all done! Place is very clean too!
Great music.  There was a lot of dancing and not much acrobatics.  If you like the music, go see this show.  If you want to see more acrobatics then take in another show.
CLOSED AS OF 9 APRIL 2012
Having dined at N9ne at least ten times in the past 6 years, I can confidently say this is one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas!  The service is absolutely perfect!  From the ticket times to the consistency of the food; N9ne never ceases to amaze me!
Having been to farmer's markets all across the west coast, I expected more from this one.\n\nI wished they had more food vendors there.  It would really draw a pretty massive following if there were at least 4-5 food vendors that sold good food.
Food was good but found it REALLY weird that this guy climbed up into the booth and started washing the windows.... probably not the right time!
You can tell this place is well managed. The workers are happy, the music was nice, and the bathrooms, which are lightly decorated, are clean and smell nice! Bravo Chick-fil-A :)\n\nOh, and the food was great, as always.
Came here again in may 2014 and noticed they raised the resort fee.\n\nI really like the palazzo I wonder if there is a way to wAve the resort fee
This spot is active their was like 250+ girls when i went.I was grabbing that ass & titties all day..The music keeps you up..And dont forget to take some party supplies to keep you up..because the party doesn't stop..You can even take it back to the hotel for cheap!
I thought they way you get your ingredients, especially at the meat section was messy and unorganized. I liked how they had a lot of selections of sauces that you can try. I also thought it was a little overpriced for only getting main course food with no dessert section.
Met a girl friend here for lunch yesterday.  I have some slight concerns about how expensive it was (I got a BBQ chicken wrap and 2 vodka drinks which were on special and it was $30 something).  The tater tots were great, the wrap was good, and the drinks were strong.  Had a good time.
I gave this just two stars because of a few reasons. 1. Their decor isn't very good, if they had decided to leave as just a store similar to M&M, maybe it could have been better.     2. Their food is decent. I found, after going there a few times, that the food is stale.
I went there for my 21st bday this July 4 2013 and the service was horrible!!!! I don't recommend this place I expected better service for the price you have to pay, I'm glad we walked out and there manager didn't do anything to stop us from leaving that shows that they don't care about service
Elegance to the guilds.  Great food and awesome wine list.  This place is awesome for lunch, dinner, or just happy hour.
Great food and great concept!  I loved my meal and loved the ability to build my own pizza and have it ready in 2 mins.  I hope they open more locations!
The pizza is amazing.  I love the deep dish stuff.  Don't ever tell me how many calories - but the stuff is amazing.\n\nTried their salads and those were good too.  Typically, I say that most restaurants do one thing really well - however, they do many.
Valet parking is terrible.  Had to wait 40 minutes for my car and that is with calling ahead.  OH, and they raised the price from$19 to $28 for that excellent service.
I'm  a Panera Bread fan but after this experience and their prices. hummmm.\nI have order the turkey cranberry flat bread and it was a total deception.
College bar staple with great half-price food, a large menu, and excellent beer specials.
Excellent wings. Had wings at Duff's and Anchor in Buffalo, NY. This place got them beat!!! Honey BBQ, Honey Habanero, and ATL dry rub were simply awesome. Highly recommend this place.
Food was barely edible, is there any good chinese in Az?\nLanguage barrier!\nDon't order the spring rolls!\nDon't order the sweet and sour pork!\nWon't be back.
Very good food and wonderful service!  Great place to go! Highly recommend! :-)
I really like the ambiance of this place and the hot apple cider is amazing!  The food is what you'd expect for any bar.  In all it is definitely worth a visit.
Impeccable! I absolutely love this place, from the great music, to the delicious pizza, to the incredible burgers, and to the outstanding fries. The service was excellent, and the drink/beer/wine selection was quite impressive as well. Le Grande Orange is a true desert gem!
I LOVE the evergreen smothie but lately they SUCK. the smotthie tastes like crap either way to sweet or sour. Rude people..
I don't get the hype.\n\nBean tacos- just okay.  Spinach enchiladas- just okay.  Chips and salsa- just okay. \n\nI wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Good service and great food.  Came in 15 minutes before closing. They seated us wright away without complaints.
Gets the job done .had a Weiss and a light beer ... Got me buzzed and I think I've had enough ;)unpasteurized beer is good for you in moderation .
Where do I start? Pizza cookie? wings? stuffed sandwiches? pizza? I love Oregano's and it loves me. You should go. It will love you too. (But be prepared to wait on a Fri or Sat night! Very busy).
Found via Yelp - thanks all! And the fish taco did not disappoint!
1/3 cheddar burger with all toppings.  You wish more places and owner/operators existed like this.
You gotta love the name \"pho kim long\" time lol... The decor here is better than any Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been too and to match the food is top notch! Great place to cure your hangover in Vegas. It's also open 24hrs!!!
Great outdoor patio.... Food and service was fantastic... Decent lunch prices... The open face sandwich and fries was incredible.
Great beer and great tours!
This gallerys design, unsubtle lighting, unsophisticated displaying and use of space and other Closter phobic effects detract terribly from the artwork.\n\nPros: Free\n\nCons: Space, Art (subjective)
I love illy coffee and affagato is always good ... But not too much to rave about here
They actually make decent pizza, considering it's next to a liquor store and also considering a fair number of derelicts shuffle around this part of Phoenix regularly.\nThe cashier is very friendly. And the average wait time for a pizza is less than 12 minutes. Almost perfect crust-toppings ratio.
Giving an extra star for the most friendly drive thru server! First time I went ordered a chimi which was decent, but nothing memorable. \n\nLast visit ordered some tacos and burrito, both of which were bland and sloppy. Quality over quantity counts unless just having run a marathon.
I was enjoying myself first half of the night...but I don't remember the rest because I got roofied. Apparently this place is notorious for roofied drinks..keep an eye on them!
Pretty good place over all.  Husband had the nachos and I had the asada torta.  Only suggestion is please clean up the place a little.  The outside of the trash receptacle was disgusting.  I didn't even want to touch it to throw away my trash.  Looked like it has never been cleaned.
Service is good, place is clean, but this location is connected to Bruegger's and not cozy like Caribou's normally are. Good for a business coffee, not good for date night coffee. Only 2 leather chairs for cuddling up in and they go fast!
Is so bad. The food on the menu sound great but totally different when they come out. The price is too high and no lunch special either. We used to eat here in the morning for dim sum. Decide to go for lunch and I don't think I'm coming back anytime soon.
Had the American Kobe burger.  Not impressed. Unevenly cooked, pretty dry. Lots of lettuce, tomato, onion, but 1 pickle.    Not worth $17.
Very friendly staff! The chicken and waffles were good. The pancakes were dry and crumbly. They have a large selection of hot sauce and the coffee is good. The price is low.
Couldn't make split pizza, prices way too high.  The highest I ever seen on a pizza. $26 for a large is ridiculous.  Athens pizza down the road was a lot better and cheaper and tasted better.
We have purchased many items for our new home from RC Willey and have had great customer service on every item.
Really great Pancakes, Burgers, Salads and HASH! Dirty chai is amazzzzzzing and the Moscow Mules are pretty delicious too! Handmade Mozzarella is to die for. Dog friendly and fair priced. I come here a lot and will continue to
Great tasting yellow curry. Delivery to UMC was prompt and the order taker was polite and accurate. Thanks guys!
Whenever I am there, I always feel welcomed by the staff and I have never had a problem with service.  The food good and the atmosphere is fun.
This place was the worse buffet yet. A hard stiff fish that was diagusting. The ribs were so dry. The pasta was flavorless.  The turkey was drier than ever.  It was just really gross food.
Been here multiple times, sushi is great, never leaves me looking for more.  Would love to see them expand their drink menu beyond saki, beer and wine, but very happy to have food options other then pizza, Mexican and fast food in Maricopa!
Front desk was not very helpful the person who took care of us. He wrote the wrong room number, so we try to go in someone else room. Not very good nothing was done to take care of the matter. So make sure you take to the manger.
The only reason I keep going back is because the wings are really good. \nand you can't beat a $4 32oz domestic for happy hour. \nother then that most of the waitresses are terrible. they mess around constantly,\nno true work ethic.
Its Decorated very cute.  Michelada was excellent,  salsa was very good.  They have a lot of seafood options.  Food was good will go back.
This was a nice little mexican restaurantt.  Had good food.  Menus were large and plentyful.  Price was reasonable.  Staff was friendly.  Can't really complain about it.
This is the only place I go to get my hair cut and not because it's cheap. Tilly is my stylist and I am never disappointed whenever I go to see her. She is friendly, makes me laugh and does an excellent job.
For local DYI auto projects, big and small, this is my place. Staff are so helpful and knowledgeable. No need to go anywhere else.
Excellent!  The food was wonderful and the workers even asked if there was anything they could do for us (i.e. is the music too loud, can I get you anything else, etc).
Definitely a fun place - and super comfortable too.  My mani was sloppy but my pedi was good.  Maybe that's because I can see my fingers better than I can see my toes?  Not sure.  I might try this place again... and I might not.
Service is helpful, but selection of men's merchandise is quite limited.  I usually compare jewelry between Needless Mark Up and here as the quality is best.  Problem is that Saks has 1 modest sized jewelry case.  Men's clothing seems to be geared to an older market.  Cologne selection is not bad, but better off elsewhere.
It was alright. But for the prices they have, I had expected something a little better. \nTomato cream soup was good! The steak is so-so. \nOverall impression: not too bad but could be better.
I had the American burger and fries here... They were GREAT! Business picked up while I was sitting here waiting for my burger and everyone looked happy... New business in the area and I will be back again and again!
Crooks!!!  Quote prices on the phone then try to triple them when you come for appointments!!!  Scratched the bumper of a one day old vehicle and wouldn't even admit it\nCannot recommend to anyone
I hate this place
Love the K9 Playland in Charlotte! They are a great spot to keep your puppy during the day while you are at work or just cant spend the time socializing with your puppy. The staff is fun and friendly and their grooming services are great!
Pretty fun way to spend an afternoon, take a class over quite a few months, and drink... and then when it's all said and done, you get to drink some more because you have wine that you made yourself!  What more could you want?
Hands down on 5 stars for food and drink! However, I've noticed a decline in the customer service department. For the first time, I've left a 7% tip instead of my usual 20% tip. Step it up guys!
Service is horrendous! Lunch buffet was cold so we told them to order us cheesesteaks instead. They shrugged off the unsanitary food temperatures like it was no big deal. I love their cheesesteaks! Been a customer since Longhitano days. Very disappointed with the service!!
This place has a great Happy Hour!! 4-7 each day and 4- close on Sunday and Mondays!!! The food is great and the bar is lively during HH. It's hard to go wrong here with anything...
I've stayed here several times before, but this is the last. When I checked in, the room rate was way higher than what I had agreed to pay when I made the reservation. The manager was unwilling to help and was borderline rude. They don't care about their guests, stay somewhere else.
The tandoori chicken, yellow curry and naan is great! I'll be back!
The burger was fine but the bun was really really soggy. It ruined the burger. If they can figure out a way to keep the bun fresh it would be great.
I found this place on groupon so I wasn't sure what to expect. Let me tell you, that was the least painful Brazilian I've ever had. The girl was professional, fast, and pleasant to talk to. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
People are always friendly here, and the food/drinks are good. What more do you need in a neighborhood restaurant?
This place is off the strip. Good food and a good chef. Took my family and they all like it. All of them were stuff including myself. If you like benihanas then you will like this place. Some dishes can get pricey so just watch what you order.
I like the fact that it's open 24 hours.  The sandwiches are par, but I can do this at home and so can you.  The bread is decent so you got that Earl.  If I were to open this chain in LA, it would fail.  To generic and not enough veggies....
Just garbage. Not worth it. They don't serve you. Sat for 30 minute and didn't get served. Asked 3 times to get served. DO NOT GO.
Middle of the road casino on the strip. Never stayed here but probably wouldn't. Nice that some of the dealers are good looking girls.
Good food and reasonably priced. I got the burger and it was huge, I couldn't even Finnish it. You should give this place a try and best of all, they are open 24/7 which makes for perfect drunk dinning :)
3.5\nPretty big dining area and bar.  The food was actually pretty good, especially the marinara sauce.  Salads tasted fresh, the soup was good.  Why only 3.5?  The service was lacking a bit.  The ultra-standout...fried zucchini
The Swizz is a great neighborhood dive bar, with friendly people and fun atmosphere. I wish I could get there more often, but its worth a stop if you have time. I've always been treated good by the staff and prices are good.
Ice tea is awful!  Pizza has potential but the toppings were scant!  Our pizza was to have feta cheese...I expected more than the half teaspoon we received:(. Would like to see improvements in service.
Delicious!! Love it and crave it! I get the fried rice and get it medium hot, so good!
This is without a doubt, the WORSE Verizon Wireless store in the valley.  Go elsewhere if you want polite, nice customer service.  All verizon wireless stores leave a lot to be desired, but this one rates a 0 in reality, not a 1 star.
Dan is great with service and everyone at the shop has been attentive and efficient.  They are honest and clear on their estimates. I've used their services twice and am very satisfied.
It looks like they have some pretty good drink specials. Our meal was good, but didn't impress enough to have us going back.
The waitresses are surly.  It's kind of annoying.  But the food is decent.  I especially like the spaghetti with oil and garlic.  I always forget not to order salads, though.  They need to invest in a salad-spinner, if they're not watering down their dressings.
Was attending a conference in January for which my plan changed-still working it out with billing department as I was charged fees even though I canceled. No response from their \"customer\" service department.  With all the choices available in the area-can they afford to be so cavalier?
I ordered a cheeseburger and the Cajun fries and this is the best burger I have had and Madison in a long time. The fries were great, not spicy though. Very nice workers too.
This is a good choice if you want a change from your traditional chain restaurants. Mostly Local and fresh ingredients. \nThe food and service were both very good. Our server knew his stuff and seemed to really enjoy his job.
Called them late at night because of a freeze alert sensor going off.  They took the time to understand what was going on and gave me options.  Things seemed stable, so I scheduled them to come out there the next day.  Kevin was on time, professional and honest.  I would and will be using them again, if needed!
Had I yelped this buffet before shelling out the cash, I might not have found myself sitting at the table wondering whether the executive chef graduated from the Culinary Institute of Hometown.
Corporate coffee has its place in the world, corporate wannabees don't. \nTry Lux, Copper Star... Starbucks.
Great service, clean, fresh, on the river, reasonable price. Thank you Marriott for this lovely property!
Our waiter Aaron was excellent, one of the best waiters I have ever had. The food and beer is good as expected. I recommend this BJ's as it is not too far front the strip and is a nice break from the strip crazy...
They have so many bogus fees that are ridiculous plus they have the oldest slots I've ever seen. Pass this place up
Rented a car from Firefly Car Rental in Las Vegas Nev. They did not have the car I requested in advance, I waited for over 40 minutes and  still had to settled for a more expensive, older car that was not economical to drive and was several years old. I would not rent a car from this organization in the future.
If you need to kill time and blow some money do it.  Really stupid you can't take pictures, they just want to make more money.  Eagle point is just as cool of a view without shelling out the dough.
Chaotic and poor service.... Better yet no service. Cashier was rude and unhelpful. Great food or not won't be returning.
Great place! My go to place for chicken.
Pretty sad pizza place.  Counter person was so cold he was almost rude, pizza was horrible, Mac and Cheese was sad.  Won't go there again. Only reason it wasn't 1 star, low expectations going in.  And still it was a fail.  Should have gone to Feast buffet
My only \"complaint\" was that there was entirely too much yummy food to eat in one sitting!
Great experience. Our older cat had allergies, so we decided to check out Blue Buffalo food. Turns out that there was a representative from the company working there. She answered all of our questions. It was so helpful.
This company is highly professional.  The Nanny did a good job with my 13 month old son. I would use them again.
Best eggs benedict! I went here half heartedly and was expecting something similar to Taylor's which was good but not great. So I was really surprised when everything about this experience was great! I went with two friends and hands down we said this place was perfect.
Overpriced menu, arrogant waiters, food was just ok. With all the choices in Vegas go somewhere else.\n\nWe had a group of 6 and they added 20 pct tip to our bill. $300 per couple
Great atmosphere. Good food and TV. It a family friendly place and a great place to meet to watch a game.
We will never go back.. we have tried twice on our lunch break and our orders were wrong so they had to be remade which left us no time to eat. servers were rude .. we were late both times back to work.
WOW!  Talk about gorgeous and delicious cakes!  This place was around before all the other newer cake and dessert places popped up all over the valley.  Check out their website-- they really are the coolest looking cakes and they taste pretty darn good too! \n\nhttp://honeymoonsweets.com/
If it weren't for the tea this place would probaby have gotten 2 stars.  Kinda dirty, just ok food...  Although maybe something not as safe as the chicken and my experience may have been totally different.  We will probably never know though.
Went on a Thursday night.  It was alright.  Not crowded at all so we didn't stay long.  Came back later in the night and it was even more dead.\n\nLots of techno and dance.  But we did ask the DJ to play some Hip Hop and he squeezed two songs in.
The beverages are good.  The food is average.  Everything tastes a bit bland.
it' is now close down, gone, no longer there...
Janix has (or had?) a cool selection of purses & hand-bags... but I went by this weekend and the store was empty.  I am not sure if they have closed or moved.  The website is still up... so maybe they are relocating.
Highly dissatisfied, the credit card machine down on easter Sunday!! Shit the bed jamba juice
I got my first tattoo at their Oakland location. Was a utilitarian design, which the artist executed with little trouble. I didn't care for the location or the artist's mannerisms, but that's just a peeve with the place. There are better tattoo shops in the area, but this shop is fine for most work.
Happy with my pedicure. Also came with my wife, daughter and granddaughter, and we were all pleased with both the service and the quality of work.\nThat didn't seem to be the case for another of the patrons there at the same time. She was quite vociferous with her complaints.
I don't do clubs, but I liked Ghost Bar.  The people were friendly (meaning the boys were very friendly) and the view is really nice.
Very average at best, \ndynamite roll was falling apart\nService so so, not a serious establishment - someone owns it for fun...And is not serious about their food...\nStay away, I am not coming back...\nI bet other reviews are fake...
Got a groupon for my daughter for full color and cut.\nWe saw Lauren, she was very friendly & did a great job. \nMy daughters hair looks absolutely beautiful. \nWould definitely recommend.
I love that place! service is excellent. staff is super friendly. drinks, burgers and poutines are to die for!
Another example that Vegas' best food is found on Spring Mountain Road.  Excellent Bun noodles and Banh Mi.  Highly recommended.
Best in Vegas, bar none.  Thanks Mr. Wynn for repeated great stays and memories.  We'll keep coming back.
The black and gold wings are my favorite.  They have good tacos too. They have one barmaid with a stink attitude so I dont deal with her (long dark strait hair...thin frame) the other lady is very nice. They need to do better with the bathroom otherwise the place is a good time.
Great birthday gift!  Instructor was very knowledgable and answered all my questions.  I would highly recommend Turf Soaring School.
A very unique experience... and a great selection of beer... Ive never had a bad time there ... No food kind of stinks but they have limited space and there are other options around... a great place to start or end the night... and catch some live music
Best grilled chicken in Charlotte! Pio Pio!
Carne Asada tacos are great. Try the green sauce it amazing. \nThe chili cheese fries is a large portion and yummy.
This place is filthy. We are sitting in the back at a booth and the space next to the wall is an inch thick in dirt. The place in general in unkempt. \nThe food was fair but 4 rolls and they all tasted the same.
It was good but nothing too special. It had a comfortable atmosphere. It's a little hard to find. For a quick lunch it's fine. For something more special, look elsewhere.
Best Melts I could find in Vegas.
Love the food here but the service is horrible! There doesn't seem to be any order in which section the waiters worked in. They rush us thru order.....and then u have to flag them down if u want anything else.
Nice!  At least I could find a seat! :)  Good coffee, nice to see their expansion into more locations.  Beans are good.  Iced coffee good. Internet good.  Music good.  People not super loud at this moment.  Good mix of people Han style (solo) and in groups.  Parking not a problem.  Stamp of approval!
Ate here after cruising around Spring Mountain Road for a bit...realized that I came here a few years ago based on some yelp reviews.  Ordered the Bun Cha Gio this time...pretty average meal and not a fan of their Cha Gio.
Hey!  They hit me!  Ran into the BACK of my car and did over a 1000 dollars estimated damage.  What's really great is that they had no insurance!!!  What the heck kind of tow company does business without any insurance?  Worse yet, they have refused to cover the damages.
Try this place...then, have a nice day on the toilet!!....grease, grease, and more grease!...yuck.
UPDATE! Received an email from the owner which was a little intimidating stated that I should remove my post. Kinda think they should improve customer service then send an email.
A great way to spend the night.  Loved the seafood salad with soba noodles.   Asian cloppino and the filet have never disappointed.  Would love to try everything on the menu.
Friendly bartanders, great seafood soup, but most importantly, the best oysters and mussels I've had.  They accommodated a last minute traveler like me, and made it a highlight of my trip up to Edinburgh.  I hope to return back to this place someday!
I had Punjabi Saag and Shahi Paneer and both were delicious. I've eaten at Indian restaurants around the world and this is up there with the best that I've experienced. Staff very friendly and attentive. Right next door to an Indian grocery so I expected something really tasty and that's what we got.
Pizghetti is AMAZING!
Just started making my own beer. Man, if I could just hang out in that store all day I could learn so much. Chuck, the owner is very knowledgeable and happy to help a beginner such as myself. I will be back for sure.
Really great atmosphere. Has a bunch of good quality HDTVs. Great place to watch a game and eat some bar food. There is a huge selection of really unique burgers on the menu. They also have a huge section of burgers. The burger was good, not extremely good though.
Good sandwiches! The only thing I feel is its a little expensive than what it's worth! The food is undoubtedly good.
This place has an absolutely horrible policy with high chairs and boosters... They  are kid unfriendly...the food is ok and prices are ok. The service is also slow... I will not come here again!!!
I went here with a friend and my toddler. We had amazing food for a great price. We got lucky and it wasn't packed. I love that they grow most of their food themselves. We walked around after in the Agritopia community gardens and is was so nice. I wish I could visit more often.
I don't know what happened to the Egg Foo Young since I first tried it, but I no longer recommend it. The patties are smaller and the gravy was thinner and tasted watered down. What a disappointment!
It seems that everytime i go there tables are not wiped down. There always leftovers from previews custumers.  The one in 36st and mcdwell much better one. They even have free wifi!
I expected better for the price. It is close to the price of Wynn buffett and I think wynn is 100x better.
I have never had anything bad here. Food is delicious and made from scratch!!! I always have really good service. Friendly place. The location is kind of hidden but it is a gem! Oh yeah, lots of tasty beer too!
What an great hotel.  Friendly valets, exceptional front desk staff, awesome bartenders, and above and beyond management service.  I WILL be back again, hopefully this time for pleasure rather than business!
Decided to try Venezia's based on the reviews from other Yelp reviewers.  Apparently, these other reviewers have never had good pizza because this place was pretty ordinary.
Pretty solid Chinese food, the portions are large and the lunch specials ($5.99) before 3pm is pretty nice. I seem to order the Orange Chicken or the salt and pepper pork chop the most often.. The egg drop soup is a must as well.
The food is amazing! I love the Belgian waffle beach style! Comes with bananas, pineapple, whipped cream, and caramel drizzle!!! The staff is absolutely wonderful as well! Always recommend this place!
my go-to combination: 190 Octane mixed with Strawberry
Food is awesome...and the Sangria is the best I've had in a long time. This is a total hidden gem being a couple of blocks off the strip. Payless, get better food and drinks!
This pizza doesn't \"do it\" for me. I prefer Gus's. My boyfriend and I ordered from here and the pizza was very tough and we did not enjoy eating it...
The owner is always so friendly! Good food and service at good prices. Great TV selection where you can watch any kind of sport you could imagine.
Drink service is fast. Sandwich/bagel service is so slow one wonders if they are getting stuff from other close Paradise bakery. Best to stop at copperheads instead.
Best Thai food in Vegas! Try their Orange Chicken, Pad Thai and Satay. For dessert, you should try their Mango Sticky Rice. It's so good you'll forget your name.
Their Kahlua cake is phenomenal! When I saw they were offering a groupon I was excited to purchase.\nIts a small hole in the wall place, but comfy.\nGreat service!\nExcited to go in and try their breakfast and lunch.
We recently celebrated a 40th birthday with 18 friends for dinner at Julian Serrano.  Everyone loved the food, Sangria, and the service.  We couldn't have been happier, and we'd highly recommend this restaurant for a similar event.
The view from out table was great. Our server was great but the lacked that wow factor. The only dish that stood out was the crab cake was awesome. I had the duck dish which did not enjoy, I know duck can be gamy but this was wayyy gamy and the seasoning was just bland.
Great time! Way better then the strip! Great place to people watch! The slots here pay out way more then the strip. My fave was the ferris buller one. Good shops..& lots of \"characters\" walking around to take pics with you, we saw everyone from batman to big bird lol
Really like the food here. A little expensive but a nice treat.
I like this CVS. It's big, clean and everyone is very friendly. Watch out for oldies!
Horrible,  horrible,  horrible.  No minibar, no luggage rack, dirty.  As an independent female traveler, very unsafe. Gum in the peephole. Drain backed up in shower. Horrible place. Will Never stay there again.
I love the walmarts here in vegas.  Being from Hawaii there are no Walmart with a deli. The prices are great only problem I had was checking out.  I have to stand in the cigerette line to get some dip and it was too long of a wait.  Sitll better prices than Hawaii.
Awful! Burger was not cooked properly, they forgot the saut\u00e9ed onions on the burger, and the onion rings were waaay too salty. We sent them all back. For the money, you can get much better food right next door.
Very good gyros at this place! The fries are good and i have also tried the burgers and hotdogs. I agree with one of the other reviews which said this is one of the better gyro spots in Arizona.
This chinese restaraunt was overly priced, had horrible service, overall bad experience. I would recommend going to PF Changs or Pei Wei for the money.
Certainly in the top ten for airport food.  The food portions are generous, and while you're overpaying because it's an airport, it's not too ridiculous.  Service has always been fast and friendly for both food and drinks.  They have a pretty good selection of craft beers too.
I read these reviews, and ordered anyway.. BIG MISTAKE!! Soggy, cold, WAY overpriced... back to pizza hut and jimmy johns if i need a meal to come to me
Went to this place for Mother's Day and it was great! our chef was really friendly and interactive, the good was great and our server was very nice! really nice atmosphere. they even have all the women 10 dollar gift cards! it was very sweet and I am definitely coming back again!
Nice quick place to pick up drinks. The caffeinated drinks are so good! I wish we had a Moka where I live. I would go back each time I visit Madison. The service is good. Quick as well.
Corn cakes are good. Wontons not so much goopy. Chicken sandwich was good could be spicier spread.
The only negative is you never know when they are going to be closed.  \n\nThe long john donuts are my favorite they call them choclate bars.\n\nThere coffee is just alright.  \n\nThe staff could be nicer they seem kind of sad
Its been over a year since I had Chili's. I had a taste for some ribs and it really hit the spot.
Not bad cheeseteakes.  Great service, very friendly and beer/wine bar.
best lengua!\n\nBeef Tounge Tacos to DIE FOR... Best in WEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Besides the seared foie gras & breathtaking view, the food was mediocre the last few visit.
This place is so awesome! I loved the hot stone massage on my legs :)
Nice cool treat!
food is good, but the people who work there are terrible. It looks all indie and cool inside- but once you meet the people they are every self-absorbed and rude. never going back
Do not book any events here, the management is rude and pushy. If you are a DJ and your taking down your stuff the workers will rush you and give you an attitude.
Positively Sinful!!!! This is NOT diet food! Meaning it is the yummiest, messiest all around best burger I have ever consumed. They do have healthier options for those that want to eat lite, but why hold back?
Awesome food and atmosphere.. Great customer service. I wish i could of stood in the water and took a photo with the buddha statue.. The 3 appetizer was great with satay chicken and thai peanut sauce, dumplings, and duck!!!!
Went there while visiting Charlotte.  Found the place cold, thermally and ambiance.  Waiter tried, but a bit too chatty and played up the food preparations a little too much.  Not impressed.  Sorry we picked it after reading rave reviews online.  Wouldn't go back.
I stayed here last night and have to say how pleasant experience I had. The staff was quite helpful and the rooms are perfect.
Red and Green salsa was good, Guacamole was also good, taco's were ok, margaritas were ok nothing special.\n\nover priced and crappy service even when there is only 2 other tables in the whole restaurant.
Delightful meal and service. I got the smoked salmon crepe (healthy!) for dinner and the Jamaican crepe for dessert (decadent!). Oh, and the French Onion Soup was deliciously cheesy. Our waiter was fun and friendly.
BEST Chinese!  I've been a customer for almost twenty years & they are amazing.  Restaurant is comfortable with nice atmosphere & the food is perfection!  Great prices, too.  SUPER nice staff.  NEVER had a bad meal there in nearly 20 years and Chinese is my favorite!
recently went back. 3 words (repeated) brown. stew. chicken.\n\nwe also had the seared scallops with blackened vegetables. they were also, amazing. i live super close to this place, always have, but i certainly don't come here enough.
Love this place! I always order the yellow curry. love it! I like that they have take out also.
its nicely priced, helpings are good in true food truck style. \nword of caution - the food gets spicy, even for indians\nonly downside - parathas (thick and chewy)
The beer was flat and not very cold. Our food was delivered to the wrong table and when they switched it they got my burger wrong. The burger was delicious, but the fries were cold and tasted bad. They brought fresh fries out, but they were just as bad. Left feeling sick. Will not go again.
Went there with 3 friends, place was dead from 8:30-11, no one really in there....the best thing was the $2 coronas and the $1 drinks tickets i got from a smoking hot cougar in a BMW by the downtown sheraton one night.
Went on a Monday night, empty, we were the only ones in the place, but the two girls working there were super friendly and the beer was great.
This place is run by a bunch of incompetent retards. I NEVER get what I order, I always have to have them remake it. They are extremely disorganized. It takes forever to place your order because they are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  I only come here because of the location.
We didn't know what to order so we decided on the 6 beer flight.  We liked the Blanche, the Local, the Munich and the Rousse the best.  It was all delicious.  We decided to top it all off with a Blanche mixed with maple whiskey, called Sortil\u00e8ge.  I would definitely recommend that.
Love this airport - it's tiny and cute in a way that takes me back to a time when people dressed in their best to travel.
Nice selection of plants, staff a little standoffish. I had a bunch of questions and picked up a few flowers.
The only thing good about the open jam tonight was the bartender hot hot hot!!! \nWill not be going back!
As far as airports go, it's fine. Pretty efficient, people working there are nice. Don't bother with the slot machines- they don't pay for CRAP! Then again, who would really expect them to, right?
Phenomenal. Bacon Board -- delicious and plenty for 2 (or 3). Pulled pork with slaw on the sandwich was great and plentiful. I hate that I hadn't heard about this place sooner! Great food, great service.
Staff is unprofessional and disorganized when the place is busy. I like small and cozy spots but this place gives a new meaning to the word. It's extremely cramped. Despite all of that the food is good and the drinks are great. Just be prepared for long waits on the weekend and a frustrating staff.
After being a regular customer for the last year, I've finally gotten around to reviewing  Pho Nam. Small, family owned restaurant, they've always provided delicious Vietnamese food and great service. We frequent this restaurant for Sunday lunch, particularly in the winters and our orders usually consist of pho with rare beef and vermicelli with pork.
Love this place. Staff is friendly and food is delicious. Recommend the chicken with mushrooms, strip steak or gnocchi.  We have never left disappointed!
I just sent my son to buy me a carne asada  for my husband  and believe me. I have seen bad food here in Vegas, but this one took the cake, the meat was so black, it was like petrified, stuffed with some limp lettuce. nasty slop!
Good pancakes. Disliked the blitzes. They are not flexible with substitutions or changes.
Lo-Lo's in Scottsdale:  Wasn't happy with my first experience of Lo-Lo's.  The service was ok, chicken was dry, and grits were a congealed mass.  All of my food was luke-warm.  I'm not sure if I'll give them a second chance.
The Irish Nachos were a bit bland.  We came in to get an appetizer,  meal and possibly desert. .. but once the waitress took our drink and appetizer order,  she never took our meal order.  I guess if you are not drinking bear or whiskey you can forget about service.
The food that I've had here has been pretty good. Drink selection is pretty varied if select on the wine and beer selection. However the service is hit or miss. I've been there when the servers are very attentive and then again where we had to flag someone down just to order drinks. Other than that great handout place.
Service is mediocre, but I that won't stop me from coming here. I love the pretzle recipe here. Delish!!
RIP. This place has been closed for a long long time. To bad, it was good times.
This place was good; food was good.. a bit overpriced in my opinion for a burger and the service was good so nothing to complain about there. I would recommend it , just be prepared to spend a bit more than a normal burger... even though its good quality , I still think its overpriced
This place is awesome.  LOVE the specialty game/meat selection.  Would've tried every one of them, if they were available. \n\nSettled for the Antelope burger, and the lamb burger.  \n\nAlso great beers on draft.
My friend FTE (Fun Time Emma) ordered some wings.....Y'all said they came with fries ....they didn't. Never Wingstop after this disastrous night.
Love the coffee hands down better than Starbucks and the service is always great at this store.
Maybe 2 1/2 stars.  I'll come here for a trim.  They seem to do okay with men's hair though.  My husband has come here a few times and gotten a nice cut.
Cheesecake is always a good standby.  huge selection, good food and cocktails - everyone can find something here.  i love the thai lettuce wraps - app is big enough for a meal!
Leticias has a great happy hour menu. And their regular menu is delicious as well. The carne asada was wonderfully flavored. Loved the grilled corn as well. Guacamole is a great start here.
Great Pizza! You got to try the Meat Lovers pizza! Delivery is fast, but the pizza wasn't delivered at an appropriate temperature! Delivery Lady was really nice! Price is AMAZING! i could not believe that for 40$ we got 2 very large pizzas that fed, 5 people with leftovers!
Good Food, Good Drinks, Good Prices, Good Service.  Whats not to like?
The place smells weird and the pizza was burnt.  Salad was swimming in dressing and the girls behind the counter are snacking on the gelato while we look at the menu.
I have been to this market on the move location twice already and always look forward to what they will have the next time. Im excited to the next one on Feb 4th 2012.
Never made it. No signage. No place to park. Too much of an effort. Went to Cantina Laredo on E. Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. instead. Very good experience there.
Love their hamburgers, both regular ones and vege burgers. The staff, particularly at the bar, are great. (Tom and Al). The wine selection is good. Appetizers I love include the spinach artichoke dip and the grilled artichokes. Yum!
$4 Value Slam gets 2 pancakes, 2 bacon, 2 eggs. Perfect balance. Good food A+ service. Keeps me away from cooking at home. Winning.
I really liked the sushi here. It's grey tasting and fresh. Plus, they have a really good tasting soup that is given before the meal. \nJust the waiting time was bad.
Food was okay, but expected better.  We were the last customers in on a weekday and we finished before closing time, but we felt rushed.  Overall experience wasn't very pleasant.
Came here for breakfast and had the corn beef hash plate.  Came with sliced corned beef, which I was fond of, not the spam style stuff.  Food came out fast and the owner regularly stepped out of the kitchen to check with customers on how the food was, which was nice to see.
Left here as one happy customer! I was helped by Jorge who made everything so easy.  Great service and  someone who I would definitely recommend to my family and friends! :)
Best tv coverage of games in area.   Good happy hour. But food and drink selection could be improved. The area has a higher expectation of quality.  I'm concerned the selection will keep business down
Nice assortment of dishes!
For delivery service that's set up for the late night crowd I would not recommend them. Called at 1am on a Saturday night and got \"Falbos of Middleton, were closed\"\nI will still stop by and pickup slices at random hours with my work but won't expect anything past that.
Originally from ny, I know ny Chinese. This isn't it. Egg drop soup and egg roll were good but entrees yuck. General
We have eaten here twice so far during their happy hour special. We have enjoyed every bite! We tried every appetizer on their happy hour menu and especially enjoyed their burgers and shrimp cocktail.
The food is good and the price is fair.  My only complain is that the place was a bit dirty (our table smelled funny and there was a bit of trash on the floor).
Understaffed, crowded, I used to steel myself every week to go shopping there and I would return aggravated and exhausted.  Good luck ever finding anybody to help you in their cavernous store.  What help you can ever find is harried and grim-faced.
Actually, the wife and I celebrated our 15 year anniversary here October 1st.  Place is definitely swanky!  Suited up and classed out!\n\nLoved every bit of the ambiance, the plating, the flavor, and the scenery.  Perfect place for a special occasion.
I really like this jack in the box, the people are always nice and the food is always hot! When I had to wait for my burger, I didn't order a drink i was standing near the register off to the side they handed me a free drink and thanked me for waiting.
Great sandwiches the turkey original is my favorite. They aren't super fast but it's worth the wait. Way better then anything subway or paradise bakery has to offer. On a side note I tried the pizza one time and it was cold in the middle. Stick to the sammiches.
Their prices are high but their food quality is wonderful. When they have music inside it's too loud to have a conversation that's a big drawback. Their happy hour pricing is great but there appetizer selection for happy hour is so-so. The staff is well educated on the wines
the massage therapists are so on point here. i just came back from a massage from bobbi (so glad that you came back!) and it was honstly the best massage i have ever received, and i am no stranger to massages. her neck and shoulder work does WONDERS
Haven't been back since I wrote this
Just had some of their tres leches cake last night...very good!
Darren and I came here last week, and I loved their taco platter. The interiors are modern, ethnic, and hip. I could see this becoming a go-to place for us since Darren works in the area.
Only had a few minutes to get an americano. The place is small but cool with plenty of places to sit, surf the web or chat. Parking isn't good but worth trying out. Great design matt. & Ernia! I'll still be at Matt's more often,
This place is great :) cookies satisfy my cravings and most importantly they sell thrifty's by the quart and pint!! Lady was super kind and attentive to me. I know where I will buy my ice cream from now on :D CHOCOLATE MALT!!
They donot stand behind their products I was told I had to buy another unit when my kenwood wold not eject my cd.
Awesome food , but little pricey !! Best buck is to get slices instead of a huge pie!! But OMG sooooo good!!
I retract my 5 star and give them 3. I went in and the restraint smells really wrong, and they charged me $9 for tofu fried rice.... I can't really give them more than two stars.
Best service out of the three locations.  Super attentive! Got all orders and requests correct the first time. Food was great as always, particularly good here.  =)
Decent location but the interior is way over due for a facelift.  The hallways/pathways are dark and the rooms are musty.  Plus there's really not much to do (party-wise) down there..  BUT if you're just looking for a cheap room on the strip, it's a safe bet.
Best entertainment around for locals. My friends and I always end up there when they come to town. We always get a good workout in from dancing crazy all night. Love the 80's music they cover.
Food was overly salty, greasy, and most dishes were barely warm. Only point given for decor and music selection.
Pretty good coffee. Nothing special but better than starbucks by far.
In there today after an extended break.  Great sweet potato fries still.  Very attentive bar staff.  Big minus is no Wifi.
Place was awesome, amazing shawarma and they had this garlic sauce that was amazing. This place is also a grocery stores, those are usually the best.
Home Depot!! The Wal-Mart of hardware store! They have everything you need, for a decent price. Service can be difficult at times! Especially when they do not secure the lid on the paint!!!!! But I will still come here at times, and buy whatever I don't need at the time?
Good urban food ( pulled pork is really good and so is the az burger), good atmosphere
Kids area filthy, fries incredibly salty, tables dirty. Love this food chain, but go to another franchise location. Go to StoneCrest or another to get a much better experience.
Aside from a few glitches (monitor keeping the time kept going off and trap door not securely locked at the beginning),  we had a great time today..Thank you for an awesome experience! Trap room got the best of us. We'll be back for the Saw room;)
Fresh, original, delicious. Soon it will be impossible to get a table here... so go now!
What a waste of time and money. $15 cover charge for a terrible band and the right to order $8 martinis. Never again. Don't waste your time and money.
I have are here twice and both times the food was pretty good. They are extremely heavy handed on the salt though. The service is okay. The breakfast food in my opinion is over priced compared to other diners of the same quality.
This place makes the Best Boba Tea in town. This is the only place my Japanese wife buys Boba Tea from.
As good as these donuts are, it's so inconvenient to wake up at 10:30 want a donut and they have ZERO  I mean seriously it's 10:45 am and you don't have 1 donut left  so disappointing and this is not the first time it's happened
I went here for an oil change today because I received a free oil change gift certificate for moving into the neighborhood.  I was in and our within an hour and the receptionist was extremely helpful and very nice.  They even replaced my left break light for free.  I will be returning here for my car care needs.  Thanks for the great service.
Amazing service!!! And new gel manis and pedis with 3d design!!!! If ur in the area come here!!!! Thanks new horizon nails!
We used to love there, since you could find a fun mix of young a mature people. Too bad they added gogo dancers now it feels like a cheap strip club :(
The food was delicious! My husband had the 3 enchilada plate. And I had a taco of carne asada and a taco of cabeza de res. in both the meat was flavorful and not dry at all! Delicious! The service was nice and prompt. I recommend this place!
We have been back to this location by the urging from corporate. We were not disappointed! The sauce was much better, service was really good, we were seated right away and served hot & tasty food. Whatever the issue previous, they must of worked it out.
so good!!! I love it really fresh great donuts and coffee. Of course there is not much choice only rico donuts which isn't that great in Casa Grande.\n\nI wish they had the chocolate icing donuts with mini chocolate chips on top but those are hard to come by I guess :)
Best little Mexican restaurant in the area. Carne Asada is tender and not fatty!! Eat here a couple times a week
This place was OK, but I think Krung of Siam had a better panang beef.  The thai spice rice was ok, but overall I think it might be a little pricy for the amount of food you get.
This was my first visit to this place the service was awesome and the food a big 'OL 2 thumbs up the Carne asada was great. Assembly line kinda like Chipotle but way better. I will definitely be back to this establishment.
Slower every time I come.  Today order was done wrong.  It is not busy so why must we wait for service (to order and to pay) and then receive order half right.\nWe hit another location in the area and always get better service so we decided that's just where we'll take our business.
The casino is glclean and very classy looking.  They have a wide variety of slots. The slot technicians are really slow to arrive if you need help. Most other staff were friendly.
Love the Klassik.  Recently enjoyed a fish fry (sat outdoors on a gorgeous fall evening). The bartender/server, Jimmy, is awesome!! He makes great drinks and is a great conversationalist. Can't wait to return.\n\nCheryl C.
The ambience is nice, but it's always super, super crowded and the food is ok.
Everything was delicious.  Gumbo was great.  Wife had the shrimp and lobster fra diavolo and enjoyed it as well.  Will be back if afforded the opportunity.
One waitress for the whole restaurant.  I get it that they want to make tips, and the more servers the less each one makes.  But as a guest I don't care.  I want my order taken quickly and my water glass at least half full at all times.
My first time being waxed. They made everything comfortable and easy. Definitely recommend especially if its your first time
Sooo good! Fantastic cheese! Great salsa. But the cheese...... SOOOOOOOO DELICIOUS!
I have the best nail technician ever at Elite Nail saloon - Kathy!!! She is always so sweet and nice and does the most amazing pedicures and manicures! Love her and the whole atmosphere at the\nSaloon! I also appreciate the warm reception arriving! I find myself going here more and more often!
I go there primarily for the hot dogs.  Well, the hot dogs and the really great deals.  \n\nLong live American Consumerism!
Could be better.  I would like to give it a higher rating but just can't.  The food is mostly tasteless and sloppy.  The price is right, but I've noticed whenever I've been there that the staff is stand-offish and unfriendly.  I won't be going there again....
Wow truly the worst place you can go to they don't even have the original plain cheese pizza DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE
This place is decent but their are far better PHO and spring rolls in the valley. Like Dong A or Da Vang. Will never come again the spring rolls rice paper is too thick and gummy like kinda weird compared to other places and that kills it for me.
Tried the Egg Nog French Toast it was okay. The coffee was good and the portion size of the meal was just right. The restaurant had a comfortable feel and the staff was friendly. There was a funny odor that I caught a whiff of occasionally I think it was coming from the bathroom. I think the restaurant in Mesa is better.
Great chips and guacamole!  Wonderful tacos and salmon.  Good wine list.  A bit pricey for the quantities.  Will continue to go back and take friends.
A well deserved 5 stars. The owner Frank always treats you like family. He really puts passion in the food he makes and deserves all the success.\n\nPerfect crust, well balanced sauce and quality ingredients. Try the Supreme Pizza! The Chicken fingers are super good too.
Grease running down my hand. That's a first. Maybe that's appealing to some people, but definitely not me.\n\nSorry, Pizza Pit staff. \n\n[Cue the Tim & Eric \"Ya blew it!\" .gif.]
Good food that's consistent at a descent price. Would go to again, try the pasta Brio with extra chicken
This place has bad service. Asian restaurants in Vegas outside of the casino tends to have bad service, but this is by far the worse. The ambiance isn't bad, but hire some waiters. Food was very average. No need for reservation. This place is a ghost town. Lunch time and no one is here.
I have heard back from them and they refuse to accept any responsibility and have refused to compensate me for anything I incurred including the grooming fee. What kind of business does that?  One that I will never recommend or step foot in. Not good business practice wag n wash!
My boyfriend and I went here for a romantic dinner and it was awsome!  I would definitly go back.  Our service was excellent and the food was very good too.
Being a military family we move often and struggle each time to find that great fit for our animals when it comes to a vet...RAH is just that fit! Great hours, caring staff, and affordable prices. \n\nThank you for being just what we needed here in Vegas for our animals.
The service deserves a 5 star, but the latte here. Is bitter bland coffee covered up with a sugar substances of what is called Carmel. Taste more like those powdered coffee drinks. I don't recommend their lattes, but I would come back to experience Monday night open Mic night ordering a beer or wine instead...
The service here is so slow. I order ed my food at 430 Pm and its still now done. Hurry up.
Love how they made the place with later hours.. the bulgogi and kimchi tofu soup is very tasty and packed with flavor... The atmosphere of the resto is very clean and chill. I'll for sure be going back. Very good Korean restaurant!!!
This Bank of America is terrible. I get my check that is made out to Bank of America and they charge me a fee of $6 just to cash it but at the other Bank of America on Pecos they don't charge me.
I was really in awe when I first walked in here. Amazing prices and they always send me coupons in the mail. I love the tree hut's body scrub and they always have amazing deals on them. I love it here.
overall ok rooms.\nvery spacious\n\nMy only complaints were, no in room coffee, small windows and a mediocre bed.  \n\nCasino floor was nice.  I loved the go-go dancers ;o)\n\nStaff overall were pretty friendly
I'm not overly impressed wthis panera..food is so so, service is so so, prices warrant better quality and freshness
Great bar for happy hour even though they reduced the number of offerings on it like no pizza. Hint hint, your competitors offer it. Restaurant side is good but service is not always the best. always seems to be a lot of talk going on between the manager and others vs serving the tables which I see seems to be a common complaint about service.
Ok, so great food without the typical steak house menu.\n\nThe pate was good, the hamachi was above average, the steak was good as well.\n\nThe popovers where the best part of the place, good try for a not so ordinary steak house.
Great job. The only issue was they were a tad bit slow, but very pleased with the job they did.
Excellent bread. Delicious menu. Genuine customer service. Love it!
Super great stuff. A lot of the metal stuff is actually made there.
The service was SLOW. I ordered a toasted bagel with cream cheese. I found a piece of plastic inside the bagel. Yuck!
Love it! Clothes are so cute... nice selection of unique handmade jewelry (all local). Love supporting this local shop!
Not at all what was expected. The website leads you to believe bit is a gourmet bakery and breakfast place, when in reality it is a run of the mill mediocre sandwich shop.
Before coming here we called and were told 20 to 30 min wait however we are being seen 90 min from the time we got here
The best BBQ in all of AZ! Try them, you'll love them!
Loved it!!!!!! We love all the Upward projects restaurants......... Fabulous service. Fun place. Intimate. Great food Great wine
Wanted to get a Jamba Juice, but they are closed by 5:00 PM on a Sunday and 6:00 PM on week days.  \n\nChange your hours and you will get more sales!
They are perfectly average. You get what you ask for in a short time and the food is hot and fresh. They do not charge extra for brown rice. \n\nThe lunch deal 2 for 10.99 is decent. 2 bowls two salads two drinks.
Place is a great local watering hole perfect for pre gaming before a night out. Nothing spectacular but waitresses are pretty helpful unless the managers only have one girl waiting tables that night. Cant blame the waitresses but other than that, good food, good prices and a good choice.
Came here for lunch and we didn't want to leave.  The food was amazing and the staff was very friendly, knowledgeable and eager to take care of the customers. The wife wants to to have a weekend get away at the hotel just so we can try more items.
Fantastic sushi. The only sushi restaurant I will go to.  I love this place.  The service is not great if you don't sit at the bar, but the sushi is the best.
Best Subs around period.
THE best show I've ever seen.  Great for all ages, and worth EVERY expensive penny.  Its eye-popping eye-catching eye-candy.  And if you've never been to a Cirque show, its not all about clowns.  The show is a visual masterpiece.  Go go go!
No words can describe the greatness that is In & Out.
I love their burgers and fries!  My current favorite burger is the Tavern Burger.  I love that they have never ending fries.  Not the healthiest choice but great comfort food.  The price is about average for a burger restaurant.  I haven't been there for happy hour, but the menu/pricing looks good.
The Table games are completely rigged by shuffle master machines.  Better to go to the Santa fe where they hand shuffle the ultimate Texas hold em game.  To many inexplicable winning hands for the house. People think the casinos cannot cheat but they do.  Hope the casino goes bankrupt.
This review is for the buffet only. I guess for $13.99 you can't expect much however all of the food was pretty bad. The only thing that I thought was good was the desert and ice cream. Much better buffets and if you need to spend an extra $7 to $10 do it.
A refreshing end to a day in NoDa. There's one flavor of tart frozen yogurt and tons of healthy (and not-so-healthy) toppings to pile on. The place is adorable, the staff is friendly and the only bad thing about it is that it's closed on Mondays.
This place was absolutely amazing. The service was great and the food was even better. Went in thinking pancakes are the things to get (and trust me they were amazing- especially the wild berry ones) but the omelets are just as good. So light and fluffy it melts in your mouth. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
Only reason I came here is because I had a $100 gift certificate, I still spend another $100 on top of that. Your paying for the name.....there's better steak houses for the $$.
Love this place. It's a gorgeous venue... still has the old balconies and the worked metal railings. Nice open space, nice atmosphere, prices for tickets are reasonable.. I liked it. Very enjoyable!
I love Indian food and found this place that has good butter chicken and naan. Finished the meal with a mango lassi.
Sad this is closed!!:( I loved coming here for food/drinks. Owners and employees were very friendly and I always had a blast. Please come back Robbie fox!!!!!
Honestly , I've tasted better in the area. We arrived about 1pm on a Sunday. A number of items on the lunch buffet were empty except for the\nsauce. Unlike many ethnic restaurants , our drinks were kept full. Overall flavor was good, but as mentioned I've tasted better in the area.
Always good and it has a very nice atmosphere, especially for the price. The steaks are good and you can't wrong with anything that comes with one of their croissants. Great service as well.
I\"ve seen many movies here. The place is always spotless. Staff is friendly, prompt and courteous.\n\nNever a problem here. I\"m sure I\"ll be back many times.
Awesome! Have been there like 4 times already and it's consistently excellent! Service is great as well. Wait staff knows the menu well.
Love this place! The decor inside is really cool.\n\nI'm not from the area but I try to stop in every time I'm traveling through. So many great veg options and great drinks.
Angus is an excellent instructor.  He's very patient and obviously knowledgeable about what he teaches.  Besides techniques, he also has a vast store of knowledge based on experience that makes his classes truly comprehensive and applicable to the real world.  And on top of all that, he's a great guy who makes training fun.
It's my \"home\" airport and I forget how nice it is until I'm spending pre-flight time in a clinical, colorless place (Lambert St. Louis - I'm talking to you).  Security is usually pretty well organized and there are lots of food options before and after security.
Best video poker in town and 75 cent Vienna hot dogs from 11-5 every day!  Yep this is where you relax.  5 Stars!  Hell to the Yes!
Overrated and overpriced. The utensils were dirty, the glass smelled, the ox fries were tasteless. Waiting to be seated for 15 minutes with several empty tables available.
Pretty decent coffee shop and its open until midnight on weekdays.\n\nThe coffee was good and the staff were nice. I will go back. Nothing spectacular.
If you specifically request guacamole and they charge you the extra \"fee\" for it, then they should put it on your damn burrito...  They even forgot the mild salsa.    First and last time eating at Baja Fresh.  Should have made the drive to Chipotle.
Awesome food and great dinner experience. I recommend the Musashi special. Been to this place twice and it keeps getting better.
We found this place here on Yelp. It was date night and my hubby is a recent vegetarian. I wanted to take him somewhere he had choices. It was excellent! I had chicken tikka masala that I loved. The garlic naan is a must! We will definitely be back.
Love the food, but the last 2 times I went to this location, the wait staff was incredibly rude. I've started going to the Mesa location instead. This location used to be my absolute favorite, but not anymore. :(
Great meal, love the twice baked potatoes.
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile now, given the change of address we decided to give it a shot. It was horrible!!! Over priced as well as flavorless! China bistro is a thousand times better!
Had the bone in strip.  They state it's dry aged...and prime. It was not prime purely due to the lack of fat marble and I don't thing it was dry aged either.  Regardless it was tough and not seasoned well.  Corked correctly but not worth 50$. Not even close.
Came here because of the rating.  Food was average in taste and quality and pricey to boot.  Atmosphere is very basic at best...kind of like a run down college diner.   On the plus side, food was served almost instantly and the bbq sauce was tasty.
The beef noodle soup is huge. Decent place for a quick Chinese food fix. \nSteam pork dumplings are legit.\n\nTheir super size boba is also huge.
pretty good food. very attentive waitress. only issue was i ordered 2 spice. she somehow heard 6 spice.. was a bit much for me. but food was fine for everyone else in my party
Take the kids and just go check it out....AMERICA!!!!\n\n-Best review ever!!!
Amazing food and great service!!
One of the best room I have ever stay at and the staff is so helpful, courteous and friendly. All I can say is that i found my home away from home! I love the design and colors of the room I truly feel in Las Vegas.
Great food consistently. Just a bit expensive for half orders. But you can always, always, depend on the food to taste great. And the frozen yougurt's free!!
It is a really convenient location in Scottsdale for all your tea needs.  They have a great selection and very knowledgeable staff.
My friend got the wrong sandwich ordered & my stuffed burger was just stuffed w/ mushrooms. Blue cheese dressing poured over top of burger making a mess.
good for children..
great service!!! looooovvveeee peter!
Its a chain.  Nothing more.
Not bad for a food court joint. I had the shrimp po'boy. It was pretty good, but for $10+, I was hoping for a bigger serving. Then I remembered I was at a food court in Las Vegas. Servers were nice, so that's always a plus.
My wife and I come here all the time with our 6m old. The staff is fantastic and helpful. I highly recommend this place!
the food is not really good, and they do an 18% automated tip, careful!! I would not recommend this place.
This place is the real deal.  If you are Yankee transplant looking for a unique experience, you found it.  The food is fantastic, service is excellent, and the wine and draught beer menu are all great.
Breakfast did not come out of the kitchen for 25 min. What the F! They do not have the capacity or bandwidth to handle multiple orders. \n\nHere's a tip: Walk to the Aria and eat at the buffet.
So delicious. Probably the best breakfast place in Phoenix. The service was fine, and it was nice to eat breakfast outside on a cold brisk morning. There are heaters outside too! \n\nThe food was excellent. We tried the chili and Monte Cristo -- so so so good. I'm going back.
Food is excellent. Much better than Pita Jungle, in my opinion. Fair prices too, for good portions.
The Dale Chihuly exhibit was spectacular The gardens terrific, The restaurant good and reasonable. What a great way to spend an afternoon.
I thought the quality and originality of their food was on par with what you'd expect from the Mexican food selection at Chili's. There is a lot of Mexican food in Phoenix and they do very little to differentiate themselves.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this store!!!!  So much more fun to shop for cool stuff.  The store seems to be different almost every day.  The Henderson store is my personal fav, but I do like to shop all 4 just to see what they have.
Five stars! Hell yeah! Easy in and out of.  I can gamble while I wait, whats not to love?  Or I can shop or eat or drink.  Gluttony starts at the Vegas airport and I like it!
Very, very, happy with Integrity Auto Glass. I called them and they got my insurance on the line and my windshield was replaced  within 48 hours. Very professional service from the installer Steve. Highly recommend
This place presently surprised me. Great food, great atmosphere and a full bar with happy hour!
Great raspberry flavor!
Awesome club! Great music plenty of room to dance. Don't really need a table!DJ was great. The performers really add an extra experience that the other clubs do not. I love it and will be coming back here for sure next time.
One of the worse chocolate fraps. It was bitter, to syrupy, and over-priced. I do not recommend this place
Sunshine Dental has excellent professional service,Dr Sue is one of the best I have encountered in 67 yrs of going to the dentist,HOWEVER she should relax her cancellation policy because it is ridiculously  stringent !!
The food was well worth the wait. We ordered a variety of things and were not disappointed!
Never in my life have I ever eaten a banana nut muffin that made me want to kill a unicorn so that it may get a leg up in the race of All Things Magical.\n\nGodspeed, oh glorious muffin!
Don't expect a lot.  The animals all looked healthy and well taken care of.  small place, only took me a few minutes to see the whole park.
First of all, they don't serve peanut butter cupcakes on Saturday. Second, I've had better, like when I make my own cupcakes. I ordered the chocolate cheesecake cup cake and it tastes like a big mess of chocolate sugar. If I concentrate, I can kind of taste the cheese that should be In the cake.
I stayed here for 3 days while I had friends in town, and the rooms were decent but not great. Just typical...The hotel/casino itself is soso and really more enjoyable from the outside than in. They need a real sportsbook, better pool, and a way to get into the parking garage driving east.
tired of burgers and kabobs ? Go there even if you dont have to eat halal food ! portions are great, service is great and the food is delicious !
This place was awesome!! Amazing food & prices were cheap as well, happy hour choices were good too!
I get the same vibe from this place as I get at the Venetian.  Bunch of young douchebags and skanks.  The place is new but not classy.  I try to stay as far away from these two hotels when I'm in town.
Go go go!! Awesome. Easily the best I've been to! Never thought I'd be reviewing a nail salon however they are outstanding! :) went with my girlfriend and her grandma and all the customers where talking about how wonderful it is here!!!
You want Mexican foodstuffs?  Get thee in here.  Shelves groaning with everything from nopalitos to refried beans...produce, not great but usually good and inexpensive.  And MEAT...yes, the carnivore in you can come out.
Hit and miss. Have been here many times and have had some good nights and some bad ones. Food is good, albeit greasy, and decent beer menu. Won't change the tvs from nba so if you prefer anything else, go down the road.
I've eaten here twice and both times it was a disapointment, I'd be a fool to come back a third time.
I like going to Walgreen over cvs any day. They have more than one register open and you don't have to wait in line for an hour, as opposed to the hour you spend in line at cvs. The pharmacy staff is pleasant to deal with too.
To those of you who have given this place a less than favorable review more than a month ago, you owe it to yourself to give it another try.  The new management has really stepped up the food, service, and the Happy Hour is as good as it gets, both eats and drinks.  I'd give it six stars if I could.
In the center of quebecs food capital. I'm shocked it's still open after all there years. I went once because I lived 1 block away. I still live one block away. I never went back.
I stopped her to pick up some grocery odds and ends. The staff is very friendly as always. I don't get here often but when I do it's always good.
Not recommended if you're not white. For me, it's the third time somebody threw out racial slurs at my group. I am beginning to think the place is for rednecks and the like. D&B bowling lanes are better.
Sorry guys, you were nice to talk to but the haircut wasn't what I asked for. Not only that, my fringe is so wonky Stevie Wonder could have done a better job.
This place is pretty cool for a dive, love that you have options for DJ inside and live band outside, nickel beer is awesomely crazy they could do .50 beers and it would still be a hit.  I like the bartenders here will definitely have to come back
Hate this airline.
SMall place tucked in the back of a shopping center.\n\nThe people that work there are WEIRD.  The food is GREAT!
I wasn't impressed.  Maybe because the reviews were so amazing.  Food was good. Staff was friendly. The decor and atmosphere seems forced.  They gave us luke warm tap water with no ice- weird. Tables are too close to each other.
As usual, perfect. Our Hendersonville Videographer award winner was treated by his co-workers to lunch here. Despite arriving without reservations, our group was accommodated without apparent effort. Service was all-pro and our steaks just absolutely terrific.  Big tab for street grunts, but worth every dime.
Went here with my girlfriend and it was one of the best pizza we've ever had. We ordered the House pizza and it was delicious. And for dessert we had canolis which were pretty good too. From now on this will be our go-to pizza place. Will be ordering again soon.
The selections on regular clothes are decent. The reason why I came in was for a Halloween costume. I thought I saw them for less here, but they were the roughly around the same price. There are plenty of options, just not in any size smaller than a large.
Just stumbled upon this place right near my apartment and went here for breakfast two days in a row.  Best breakfast place in scottsdale hands down and not overly crowded unlike other ones on scottsdale rd.  chimichurro sauce and the quality of bread for the toast made this,place stand out.
LOVE Casella's!  Its a neighborhood classic.  The chicken salad, cheesesteak, turkey and potato salad are my favorites although having tried pretty much everything, you really cant go wrong.  Casella's is a family owned and operated restaurant.  Have a cannoli for dessert and tell Joe & Co. I said hi!
A great place for Mexican food. Can't say for the Greek food. The American choices are pretty decent. They're always open too.
Buffalo Tempe is the best. Awesome deals and great customer service. It's such an eclectic of style and taste I'm rarely disappointed when I shop here! The one in Phoenix is over run by unrealistic hipster clothing sometimes it gets annoying so I leave it up to the Tempe crew to save the day.
Came here with the rents and hubbers.  The place was dead- I don't really know why?  My dad and husband enjoyed the beer selection and our waitress was knowledgeable and helpful with the selections.  The pizza was also very good.  We'll be back :)
Great place.  Great food...piping hot and delicious.  Excellent service.  House chianti was exceptional too.  I would just request to sit on the left side when you come in.  It looked to be quieter over there.  The right side is adjacent to the open kitchen.
this place is so delicious and cheap.  Very friendly and fast.\n\nAsk for no MSG and free delivery.\n\nThey give you a lot of food.  great for a local neighborhood thai place.
Man at the door with free samples was so rude. When my friend and I walked into and out of the store, he waved his basket of chocolate in our face but didn't offer us any samples. Staff inside was also not helpful or friendly.
They constantly screw up orders and they are very rude. If you say anything, they screw up your order intentionally...seriously. Our last order here was absolutely disgusting, and we have vowed to never order food from this location again.
got the number 6. I was disappointed with the food. it was semi warm, it just wasnt flavorful.\nthe hummus was decent tho.  I felt ripped off with the price, 10 bucks for this? NO THANKS. Not going back
This is one of our families favorite yogurt spots! We usually come here once of twice a week. There's always a good selection of flavors to choose from and plenty of toppings. You can't go wrong here!
The place is beautiful, wonderful staff for comparable prices.  I've been going since I moved here from Atlanta almost 2 years ago and I'm thrilled!
Great service starting with hostess and manager.  The pale ale was awesome. Reminds me of Mirror Pond.\n\nPizzas are very good.
Location is good. But the rooms are TINY and the beds are not that great. The best cheap hotel that I prefer is the Flamingo. Around the same price so I won't be staying here again.
Gormet buffet for about $36! I tasted better buffet in the past. The food here is just average. Its not worth it.
Went here about a month ago, got squeezed in for an appointment right away after calling. Nails are great, they don't rush you, love love love everything here!
This would be a Great place to bring friends. Great place. Good food. Coming back. Had black beans salad & pulled pork sandwich.
Wonderful service and even better food. Can't wait to come back! The place is very clean and welcoming too.
Great selection of wines! Love when they have tastings!!
What a dump.  This is the only casino on Fremont that has yet to take the hint and UPgrade.  It stinks, the staff is unappealing, heck, even the 'party' pit dancers are standing idle on their platforms.  The only perk is the $2 well drinks---get it and go.
Awesome resort golf club. It makes you feel like you are on vacation in cabo. The only thing negative I can say about the course is that it is pretty short. But next time I am in the area I would play it again in a heartbeat. Staff was friendly and nice.
Service was GREAT, texas toast is awsome...the chicken was good but lacked seasoning and the sauce is not very good. Quality and service is good, they just need a little better chicken. I hope they adjust it and it will be FANTASTIC!
Fabulous Service !!! Love this place ! I have been to so many nail salons and none have ever met my expectations.....until now!! Was helped by Vince today.. From now on \" My Nail Tech\"!! ... Highly recommended!! 20 out of 10
Went for lunch. There was only another table occupied. It smelled strongly of old fried food. Ordered some rolls and a miso soup. The soup was warm not hot, the rolls were just ok. Service was good. Not a place that I'll get out of my way to go. *2.5*
OMG! Foodie heaven. Michelin star good. Just go.
Over all the place is great.  Service and food.  Had the peanut butter jelly with pork belly sandwich and it was amazing..... simply amazing......  and macaroni chicken charizo with corn and it was awwwwesome
Great deals on taco Tuesday. Tacos were tasty. \n\nBut all you really need to know is this:\nThey mix lettuce into their guac to make it fill up the cup it's served in. \n\nI was appalled.
It's seriously mind blowing that a company can stay in business when everyone that works there are so incompetent!! \nIt's way too much to write, just know that I will never in my life shop at Sears again. The most simplest task in the world cannot be complete there.
Loved it here, the food was fantastic. Also the staff was very friendly. I'll definitely be going back!
I got my hair colored by Karina.  I showed her a picture of what I wanted, Plum color for a fall style and the end results were awesome!!!  I love it!  The staff is very friendly! Already passed out their business cards out...need to replenish! ;)
I have been coming here for years. Best bakery on the west side. Huge variety. I just can't decide what I want when I'm there since everything looks so delectable and fresh.
Lobster ravioli and gnocchi (special) are great treats. They do beef tartar very well here. Great staff and service.
changed owner? It was great but now xxxxxxx
Not bad, but wheres the meat???\nIf you're vegan, ok. Had the buffet and vindaloo,\nwith almost no meat.\nCheapo's here think chicken is expensive or something!
Fabulous assortment of yarn, friendly help finding the right yarn for the right pattern.  This is a home away from home store.  Love to sit and knit and see what other projects are underway for ideas and inspiration.
I hate this place. Its always a long wait & every time I've came here Dr.Trafreshi  just sits on his laptop hardly looking up.. He seems to not care by any means! And anytime I voice my concerns about something he not only minimized them but acts as if I make it up!
Very pleasant management and owner. The food was unbelievably good... I've never tasted such a perfect croissant in my life! They also gave me homemade dog treats to give my dog. I'm very impressed and I'll be making this a regular spot from now on.
great brunch!
It's a liitle hard to find( off a side street between VA Hospital and Central High) but well worth looking for. Plenty of room to run around. My pup made lots on new friends on the first day. We love this place!
The food is amazing! I always don't know whether to get the shawarma plate or a gyros sandwich. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is great! The tables and floor are always clean whenever I walk in, even on busy days which is very impressive.
Good food but a Very expensive wine list with very few under $40 options. The only $9 glass of wine was absolutely horrible. We should have had them take it back it was so bad
One bowl pho is enough for two people, Cos the portion is quite big. The price around $7. Awesome!
Thanks girls. I turned up late After getting lost but no problems. Did my hair up beautifully to go and renew my vows with my husband celebrating 30 years of marriage. Great place and value for money. Highly recommend. Judy NZ
My package was on time.\nThe costume that I have ordered was cheap n of course in clearance so no return.\nnot happy about them selling such a cheap outfit for $96.
This place is HUGE!!! I spent a good chunk of my Saturday here shopping and just walking around. As soon as you think you're done with a section of the mall, you turn a corner and find yet another stretch of shops. FUN!
What an awesome dinner! Scott was our server; not only was he a phenomenal service... He helped us choose what to get for dinner, and chose perfectly, for each of us. We will definitely be coming back. That goes for me, and my family! Thanks Kings fish house... And Scott!
1 word, awesome! \n\nSuper friendly staff and super quick and delicious dumplings! When I come back to madtown, ill remember I like their beef dumplings very much! !!\n\nGreat value for the amount of food as well! Amazing
Great food. Great Service. :) will be back when we visit Vegas again! Get the Coffee Cake. It's a MUST have!!
I went to Pheasant as a guest of a member. This is undoubtedly the nicest place I have ever smoked a cigar in. I would purchase a membership if it were in a more convenient location for me.
Overpriced !!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nThey are more expensive than Any chinese restaurant ever .Food is ok but the price is insulting. The soup potion is also small. Will never eat here again. Felt ripped off.
D's is a great place to drink to your heart's content with any darn beer you please! They have just about any beer your little mug could possibly conjure up. The service is quick, not overly friendly but they get the job done- what you expect from a pub type atmosphere.  A great after-work unwind.
Do not eat here!! I felt something hard and sharp in my fish tacos and luckily I spit it out.  It was a hard, sharp, plastic bread tie.  I could have slit my esophagus.  Although our waiter was apologetic, the owner could have cared less!
Very poor service. Had to wait 20 mins before the waitress came over. We were almost about to leave. Will probably never go back, much better bars around the area than this one.
The food was amazing and worth the dip in the pocketbook. A downfall was the atmosphere felt like a cafeteria. Service was passing.
Earl of Sammich is DANK! One of the only places on the strip that is delicious and affordable. This is my favorite place to go for food every time I go to Vegas!!\n\nHIGHLY RECOMMENDED by everyone I know!
Great mexican food for a great price!  Great for a casual meal.  The staff was very friendly.  The only downfall of this place is that they don't serve alcohol, however, they have a sister restaurant close by that does.
Small, compact aquariums and petting the baby sharks and rays are very cool.  Also the underwater viewing, where it feels you are in a \r\nsunken ship, looking out into the sea and the sharks are impressive. \r\nGo through it in an hour.  $13
My new favorite coffee spot in Phoenix!! Absolutely the best coffee and pastries to get your caffeine and sugar fix all-in-one!
My wife had the wonton noodles and I had the SiJiu beef. We both thought that the food was bland, the meat indistinguishable, and the service lackluster.
Manger greated us soon as we walked in,with a smile. So did the waitrest. The soup that came with the meal was Campbells i'm sure. :-/\nI got the spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread and side of baked mac and cheese.\nWas yummie!
this place is closed.
First of all the portions are small for Persian food. It tasted horrible. Nothing special. They even bring your sodas in a can. For the price you could have very good food in Southern California. I haven't found a good place in Las Vegas for Persian food at all
This place is run down on the inside. I went in, sat down, and was scared away by how disheveled the place was.
Delicious burgers & fries. The grilled cheese is always a hit with my 2 1/2 year-old too! As a NOVA native, I'm so excited that there is a Five Guys close to us.
Prices were ok, I tried the Korean BBQ. I probably wouldn't go back for Sushi because it seemed expensive.
Outstanding Mexican Taco stand.
Very romantic atmosphere.  Service was excellent. Food was good, and the view was gorgeous. Definitely recommend for date night. Try their homemade gingerale.
Great little place in Downtown historic glendale. This is our hangout for ice cream especially in their garden. It's very refreshing to see and feel like you are back in time . No drama , no traffic, just friendly customers service and great ice cream.
Recently my wife and I stopped for the Chicken Taco Plate ($6.00). In the words of my wife, \"mighty tasty taco\". I agree. Highly recommend, good food, reasonable prices, everything made to order.
Great fast service! This is my second time and the service was excellent!!! Will definitely call mike for all my iPhone repairs.
This is an architectural stop, and also an amazing library. They have a huge foreign language section, so if you have out of town visitors, this is a great place to pick up some reading.
Terrible service, The only.white guy there totally messed up my head with a nasty part look. terrible
This taco bell to me is wayy different then the other taco bells around. This one is one of the worst in the valley. The staff is very polite but the food is not good at all. I suggest going to the one on warm springs! Soo much better over there it's worth the drive.
I like the freshly sliced ingredients on the subs here. Very clean operation, and quick service. Definitely a few steps above the big national chain sub places, but not super expensive. I've eaten at Sub Station II for 10 years or more and have yet to be disappointed!
Hiro sushi is an unbelievable hidden gem, family owned and operated, top notch sushi quality!
I've had food delivered from here twice. The first time was good enough for me to want to order a second time. The second time I found a long hair in my food; so that was the end of that.
Thank you Dan and Michael in the cooked food department for your amazing customer service!
Go to any other doctor if you can. Dr Kyle is extremely condescending and has no bedside manner or compassion. This is what I experienced. Funny because I was reading the other comments while waiting to see him and they turned out to be true!
Great atmosphere, decent services, and OK Sushi. I've had better. If you are looking for the whole package and don't really care that there is better sushi elsewhere, go and have a great time at Maiko.
Fun place to spend an afternoon.
Spoke to him on a Tuesday about coming by the next day to give us an estimate on relocating our kitchen cabinets. But he never showed up and never called. Its now Friday and we still haven't heard from him. I guess we'll just move on.
Piano bar off the lobby and casino at the Bellagio. Even though it's in the middle of everything, it felt like a little oasis of calm amidst the hustle & bustle.
Really nice little place with some really nice sushi and really nice people. The prices were really nice too!!! Unfortunately the constant smell of backed up sewage isn't really nice. Fix that and it could stay in my back pocket for emergency sushi when the craving strikes.
Love the deserts and the soup and sandwiches, this place is definitely serving some delicious food but the long waits to purchase and hard time finding a place to seat inside is a  turn off for me.
This is a wonderful place, great food and atmosphere.  We had great service too, and the best Mojito in town!
I have such great memories coming here as a kid and decided to share the joy several years later with my boyfriend. We came at 9pm just before they stopped allowing people to buy a round of mini golf. We had the whole Princess Path to ourselves and had the greatest hour ever! Come on a weekday evening to golf down memory lane :)
Farrelli's is a family favorite. Birthday and anniversary dinners as well as the occasional Mother's Day brunch. I love the Art Deco environment. The bar is great for small networking events but can be quite difficult to navigate for large events.
Overall, the food was great. But the one night we were hankering late, they closed to \"clean.\" That was a huge bummer. Besides that minor inconvenience, it is clean and moderately priced to avoid the more expensive places.
Very nice local day spa and salon.
Amazing food, service, ambiance, as well as gluten free knowledge and options. Highly recommend! I will likely become a regular!
This place is always a shit-show but so entertaining. Good dj's, good drinks, and the bartenders know what they're doing and are friendly. I hear they have food too...
This restaurant is now closed.
I love love love this place. Its not even the food and believe me their food is awesome. Its the customer service, everyone is super friendly. Jill is a class act such a warm awesome person.  My fav is the broasted chicken
Mother's Day brunch. Short rib and Salmon both expertly prepared and fabulous. Large chilled shrimp and crab claws fantastic. All good but way overpriced. Will look elsewhere going forward.
As with many chains, this Panda Express location doesn't have a lot to add to.  However, the food was tasty (mmm... MSG), the service was solid, and the interior was clean.
This is not good pizza.\n\nveggi toppings were on the old side
This market has tripled in size in just over a year or so. The vendors, the staff, and the customers are always supportive of each other. Overall, it's a great market to go to on Sunday,.
I am very loyal to the Coconut w/ Boba.  And I need extra boba.  Very sensational!!!
Didn't come here to eat just drink but can't really go wrong with 2.50 coronas this is definitely is a college bar and a bit noisy what's wierd is there Oregon duck fans and not ASU fans? Great place for day drinking though
A little bit pricey. Nice ambience.  I like the assortment of people who frequent here.... art all over the building!  And the best yoga studio right next door!
Staff and venue are nice/cute, but I am sorry it comes down to flavor and quality of the little pastries, doesn it? \nIt has nothing on JP or Payard.
No variety to this location (Fashion Show Mall) The store is very small no selection in clothing. The workers at this location are very RUDE. You are better off going to the Premium Outlet ( Ed Hardy Outlet) you would save a lot of money and the workers are so much more friendly.
Do not use sunset shutters! They are criminals, we have given them over $5000 for a clients job and he will not return our phone calls! Do not make the same mistake
Room was big and standard. Not many towels but enough. No refrigerator. The food was meh, and drinks expensive. Girls were alright, the casino didn't smell too bad.
My husband and I went for dinner and it was fantastic! The place is super cute- larger then it looks.  The service was top notch, Melissa and Kevin were on top of it all night. I would definitely recommend this place.
99 cents chicken tacos on Wednesdays.  Love their enchiladas, sometimes I have them add shrimp to it.  I can compare them to Albertos in Cali.  Good food, especially late at night...they are open 24/7.  Prices are reasonable.
Just like the rating says \"Woohoo! As good as it gets!\"
The workers are very lazy! The inside of my car was still very dirty, floor mats weren't even cleaned. I paid to have interior cleaned. I advise to not go here, truly terrible and lazy workers.
I use to have my boots repaired at Jova's but they increased their prices so much I stopped.  Does pretty good work but have out priced himself!\n\nThere are other Boot Repair places in Las Vegas that do just as good work at much lower prices.
This place is horrible! They said if you want real eggs you have to ask them. Very confusing why the name is the good egg if they do not even serve real eggs.
Came in a few times before and ordered drinks with dinner.  The trick to liking this place is to order drinks at the counter.  That was you get to see the giant hunk of ginger, see the bar tenders squeezing limes, watch them actuallly muddle drinks with care.  The drinks are good, but the show, even better.
lousy place. horrid music. not a single song had words. just some loud niose and at times the niose was so loud that my heart started punding and i just went out lest i get a heart failure. Losy place and to top it all its overpriced at 20 dollars entrance!!
Normally love this place but when they would not accommodate my to go order, well it was surprising. Very disappointing.
Like the pubs and their specials. They are hidden gems in Las Vegas. Went in on Sunday morning. Wanted to watch football in the bar. Ordered breakfast. I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs. Portion was big. Price was very fair. Service good. This is a good place.
My husband and I went in for lunch. I guess it should of been a red flag that the place was empty I mean there's a lot of businesses around. Your better off going to Panda Express on Avondale Blvd and Van Buren.
Love the coffee and breakfast burritos and friendly service always. Not a regular coffee drinker but when I do, I love good coffee and they have it in spades. Come get your coffee on, you won't be disappointed.
One of my favorite pizza places in the west valley so far!! I have had their pizza 3 times and it is always delicious.\n\nI have only had delivery & pick-up.
Just go here. Seriously. Just go.\n\nThey have a nice menu- some new things and some old things to try. I just had a gyro and fries. It was good enough for me and apparently for a lot of other people too. Everytime I pass by there's always a line.
Amazing food!  Try the Italian and Mediterranean wrap...Vegetarian and oh so good.  Lola also makes so many other amazing things - ask her for what is new - like poutine, and fried cheesecake! :)
Disgusting! There is a bad smell right when you walk in. Don't order the burrito, worst I've ever had. The bathrooms smelled so bad I almost threw up. The only thing good was the server was nice and the wings were good.
Hands down, The Best veggie burger I have ever tasted! I order it with cheese and with jalapenos. Order ahead of time and you could walk in and out within 3 mins. I recommend their house ranch, definitely worth the quarter. Service is fast, friendly and accurate.
Close your eyes, open your mouth, taste Sushi Samba...meh.  Great presentation and excellent service, bland sushi that lacks any complexity to its flavor.  No need to stop here or come back.
I feel its priced high for what you get. Its not very big and you can walk through in less than 30 mins. I think the hotel can make it bigger, especially since its a special aquarium. Oh well the kids liked it
Poor customer service ruined an otherwise decent breakfast.
Meh. Sh*tty food, sh*tty service. Not impressed...good beer though. Tater tots not worth it- they are just fried mashed potatoes (and that sounds far more pleasant than it actually is)
Very sad service.. took 45mins too receive water and no help too order food. The waitress excuse was that she was the only working tables. No team help 3 guys was just talking with no care too help out.. the menu is like a book with very sticky pages way over price and I would never go back..
Really good food, amazing ambiance, and super friendly personal!
Excellent starters and sushi . I'm coming back tomorrow morning for bloody Mary's and fresh mimosas. Customer service was good and the patio had a good vibe.
Tried their ramen during a lunch which has boosted another star bringing it to 4.5 stars. Best ramen I've had in Montreal (tried ramen at 3 different places). The pork in the ramen was melt in your mouth ib texture.
One of the slowest locations. They're also one of the busiest so I just don't think they're staffed correctly. Doesn't help that some of the baristas lack a sense of urgency.
Not impressed! Bad service, water down drinks and small bathrooms. Went here for NYE. No chairs or place to sit unless you are VIP. Not coming back check out the bar next-door sky or Phx much better.
Fabulous breakfast joint with amazing omelletes & muffins.
It's ok, I only do drive thru.. Better service. Pastrys r very fresh.
The more I come here with my 4 year old the more disappointed I become.  I love golf and my 4 year old wants to go with daddy.  So being new to chandler I took this course as a kid friendly course.  My mistake.  It may be great for 10 year olds though?  Very disappointed with this course.
Dear reviewers reading,\nCame here last night. And it was dead I thought so for a Sunday but it was my first time coming here and I liked the food and service we had an awesome server but it wasn't really much. That is why I have a 3 star it wasn't really anything there that was good other than food.
ok the food and the drinks totally rock there! The servers and the floor staff were friendly and accomodating. One of the bartenders needs an attitude adjustment but other than that it was fun and the pasta was to die for! I will totally eat and drink there again it was really yummy.
Good place to go if you think you'll be hungry about an hour after you eat.  Waitress was friendly enough, but the wait to get food was absurd.  It was good after we finally got it.
Excellent service, delicious food in a family environment! Whats there not to love? We left with a smile on our face and lots of pizza :)
Great sports bar in downtown Phoenix!  The servers are amazing too!  Great place to have a beer and watch sports on TV.
$20 for a dozen Atlantic oysters on the half shell. Not too shabby, Charlotte! Jam packed on a Saturday night, but it cleared out a bit by 9:30 or so.
I went to a conference here and a lot of smelly homeless people came in and took food. I think one photobombed me as I took a selfie with an old friend. Otherwise, the place is beautiful.
If oregano's plans on seeing me again, they should have taken a picture
Yummy. Yummiest.
Beautiful hotel.  Nice staff.  Great casino.  We'll be back.  However, if you drink Coke products, bring your own, you can't find them anywhere.
Decent natural frozen yougurt.  A welcome oasis in the Anthem Outlet Mall, where temperatures can exceed 100 degrees.  Except when I'm there in November and it's in the 50s, WTF?\n\nAnyway, like I said, good stuff.  Lots of toppings
Great hotel, perfect location.  The hotel reception was great with the valet and concierge. The rooms are much larger than I expected. We also were surprised by the little amenities like the Nespresso machine and L'Occitane products. Book here and you will be happy.
Annoying.... I just want a carwash... I'll even buy the VIP but the up selling gets old and every time I go here the workers are creepy and unprofessional. Won't be going back.
The place is good for drinking but definitely not to have a meal. There're not much options on the menu. \nI tried the pasta once and it was tasteless.
This place gets some good reviews but the only bummer is that it used to be a whole lot better - could be a whole lot better.  Killer location, great vibe but the service and food are pretty mundane and unoriginal.  Much better when it first opened now boring same old food.
I can't say enough good things about this place.... Family owned, outrageously good food, an ever changing menu that keeps it interesting and really genuine friendly staff.  Best risotto in town!
The cowd was ehh. The outside area was nice. Only one square that will let you see the bottom. They really hyped up this bar on The Real World. I expected more but it was cool.
Awesome service and great food! Very busy but still offer great food and service.
First time. Great customer service and food. Love the lemon pepper wings. It's in a cosy, lil food court.
Worst service ever!!! Took them over 20 min to just get us just water!! Once our Oder was taken, they kept on on bringing out the wrong rolls! To top it of they never brought the whole order of one of my friends!! Food was mediocre!! So disappointed!!
The best place to grab a drink in Mile-End. The staff are awesome. \n\nNothing more needs to be said.
After  traveling to Champaign for a football game, we were excited to see  on Yelp that there was a Habitat for Humanity Restore and that it would be open until 5pm.  When we got there at 4pm we were turned away at the door.
Maybe my expectations were too high - but food was very disappointing.  It was ok - nothing spectacular or noteworthy.  Therefore it was definitely overpriced.  Wait staff was great though.
Great, friendly service and had a great time while I was there!  The tan was exactly what I wanted and needed for my photo shoot.
Decent food... Got the egg burger and fries . Sad thing is it took 40 minutes to get... Not best place when it's busy
I heard so many good things about Chick-fil-A, so I had high expectations.  I got a grilled chicken sandwich and it was soggy and flavorless. \n\nThe food was disappointing, but the staff were nice and the tables were clean.
Horrible service. The waitress forgot to place my friend's order. When we asked to have her food removed from the bill, the manager argued with us and tried to say her food was not forgotten, just late. Even though it took us flagging down a different server to have him put her food in to the cook. Never again.
The food was just OK but over priced. The service or the lack there of was enough for us to never go back.  It is clear that its management has zero knowledge and experience in customer service.
This should be called Big Pew, they have no view poor service. They have a poor attitude . The food tasted like they emptied a container of salt into it. I had the roast turkey the white meat was pink?\nWhen I asked the waitress about it she didn't care at all.
Simple menu. Cash only. Chili was particularly tasty. The Swiss burgers were quite good.
What can you say, best ice cream close to my home & always consistently good.  This location is great also because it's a rocky mountain chocolate too, which means you can get all your sugar in one location, ha ha. It's clean & service is always great too, what else can I say....its good.
This place is disgusting. The floors are an abomination and the staff is weird; even for a CVS. There's one guy who looks like Gallagher in drag. Weird. \n\nThe constant presence of crackheads and street whores in the parking lot makes getting back to your car an adventure.
We love this place! Try the Greek fries (lemony and delicious) and Spartan Club has it all (pita,gyro meat and chicken) when you can't decide. Owners are friendly and genuine and your food is delivered very quickly.
This place is so irritating!!!! And not to mention rude state workers..
Groomer Has It was so great to my toy poodles and gave them the best hair cut ever. Love them :)
I liked the people and service and understand tgey are students but 4 1/2 hrs for a pedi full-set.
Happy hour was slow. Took 10 min for someone to take our drink and 20 min to get it. Tasted like all soda water and NO vodka. They made no effort to compensate us.
Looks good from far but far from good.
Best small place to eat in Vegas....everything my family of five ordered was great....pancakes...French toast...hashbrowns..
Good selection and prices seem fine, but the staff are not particularly helpful and my sole interaction with the manager was not pleasant.  He was rude and made me feel like I was inconveniencing him.\n\nI will not be going back.  Southern Spirits offers a much higher level of customer service also with good selection and prices.
Service is always great! Pricey, but the food is amazing and worth trying for a great date night. We love the happy hour...my favorite is the sangria even though I don't normally like white, their's is awesome!
Average selection and service. I go because they carry liquid seaweed. Nothing special to report
So we went to Bamboo 7 last night for dinner. I had an eggroll & the house lo mein. Both were very good. We spent a long time talking with the owner catching up.
Good wine selection but poor quality food and lackluster service. This is my third time here and the second time they did not have the ingredients necessary to prepare the meal I ordered from their menu. That didn't stop them though. They substituted without asking and served me hoping I wouldn't notice.
I love Dr. Porter and his staff. They make you feel like family. Very thorough and explains everything to you. They truly care about you, it's not just a job.
Have to say this use to be a fairly decent restaurant, it seems however, when they removed some of their better meals from the menu, they also removed the flavor and customer service, bad food, bad service, sorry to say it was our last visit!
Nice place to go for high tea! They have a fun english menu and a decent happy hour. The ale cheddar and ciabatta bread appetizer is big enough for a meal. It's nice to sit on the outdoor patio and drink some tea.
Very clean and well ran.  The food was fresh and the price was right.  I did a lot of veggies, chicken, spicy sauce with brown rice, a keeper!  Only one thing IU think I would like would be a fresh salad bar as well.  We will be back!
I didn't have a room here, just came to gamble/drink. Southpoint is nice refresher to keep away from the crowds and people from the strip. Mostly local people here and i like how they are quick with the beers at the video poker at the center bar. I will definitely come back here...
What a great stop for cocktails after work!  Good happy hour specials and the appetizer menu looked tasty, but I didn't order anything.  The wine and cocktail selection is vast.  The location is somewhat obscure in a shopping center, but I would visit again if I was in the area.
We've taken our pup here to get shots and heart worm meds. Cost us around $170 (meds included), but I suppose that's alright... I was hoping to get him into their doggy day care program, but the hours are not convenient to anyone who works before 7am.  Will go back.
I love to stop at new places, especially truck stop dinning for sure. Like usual affordable and huge portions. I love how everything comes out on a skillet. Try this place out when you are leaving north out Las Vegas. If you are into good comfort food with big portions.
Good service - it's fast & easy.  Alcohol is served only if your'e dining inside.  But it's nice that they have an outdoor seating option.  I was pleasantly surprised w/ the quality of food.  It was actually pretty good and reasonably cheap.
Lazy Joe's is a great place to visit, we have been here multiple times before the new ownership and it was great and now its even better with the addition of the Mediterranean cuisine. Also Danny the owner is an awesome guy who cares about his food and service, will be dining there again soon. A highly recommendable spot for great Mediterranean food.
I'm a big Fan of this Brand and Specially this Store Is Nice
Tried to go there last night and they were closed.  Sign on the door said they had been evicted.
Tons of beers on tap. Smiling service with the right kind of attitude. The food is very good and the atmosphere is awesome. The long narrow table seating is strange at first until you realize how many people you fit comfortably. Get to know your neighbor. Thanks for the Great service.
Okay.. so the food was good.. the drink was strong.. but then I got sick right before we boarded our plane.. not good... guess I shouldn't have eaten there before flying.  I thought  it was a little pricey ... but you do get pretty large portions.
If you need to get locks rekeyed that weren't purchased here don't go to this location, only the Home Depot on Crismon and Southern still does that. The hardware associate went so far as to tell me it was \"unlawful\" for them to do so..
Pacifico on tap! This place is great! They keep it real and the food is great! Kinda old inside but worth going there to eat for sure.
Ok, I almost felt sorry for the low rating. I had a good dinner with friends recently. Have you guys tried their oily, but addictive rose shaped cookies?\n\nThe curries my friends ordered were average tasting, but I thought my #35-b was pretty good. So when in doubt, go for that!
Have to agree with Glen S.  The place has dealership prices plus heavy mark ups. Great service, however may as well hit the dealership.  Not really my kind of place.  The service with a smile only gets so much of my hard earned cash.
Waiting for water for over 10 minutes...hello I'm eating spicy wings make sure you check on your table....It's very frustrating when someone else other then the server  brings out your food and doesn't check on you right away.
They know what they're doing! Amazing coffee that is unmatched.\nGreat local LUNA's products for snacking. Check this place out, you won't be disappointed!
This is a delightful, funky, cozy surprise to find. They have excellent fresh breakfasts and lunches, with lots for both vegetarians and carnivores. You won't be disappointed. Or just go for coffee and a pastry.
The lady serving was very* rude. I had to keep saying a little bit more please. Her  serving portion was very off. & when I asked for more cheese I was charged extra which I didn't realize til I got home. Should have stuck to chipotle. Never coming again .
So I received an email from Main Event's management promising a gift certificate. I figured I would give them another shot. It's been 3 weeks still no certificate.
Very good food. Had 4 people in the party total and we share lots of awesome food. First time here and we will be back
I just love coming here when I am in Scottsdale!  Prefer to sit outside on their terrace that overlooks the city in the evening when they have their fire pits going.  Just a few cocktails and an appetizer or two can set you back some bucks but hey, every once in a while you got to treat yourself!
Dark. Ominous. Good bar.
Came across this place by accident and saw the crowd.  Thought I'd check it out.  Great food at great prices and a clean establishment!  Recommended!
This was my first visit to a LA Fitness and I was quite impressed by this facility. It's the nicest, most spacious, well equipped gym I have been to. I may have to check out the one in East Tucson now.
Awesome, beautiful place to live!  Totally recommend!
Good ice cream sandwiches at a reasonable price. $3.75 for an Ice Cream Sandwich. It uses Thrifty ice cream which I am not thrilled about, and uses ridiculously cheapo bowls and spoons, but it's still a fun place to take the wife and kids.
Very friendly, pretty quick making our order, and the sandwiches were delicious to boot! Definitely recommend this location after our lunch experience today.
BEWARE: Multiple items STOLEN from glove box. Noticed missing items and returned within 5 minutes and was essentially told tough luck you have no proof but you can have a free wash next time. Ultimately,  shame on me for forgetting the items in there to begin with but really?
This place was phenomenal! The food was fantastic. Amazing naan. Service was great too. My beverage was never empty. The menu was a little overwhelming. We finally decided on the chicken tiki masala, matar paneer and basamati rice. It was all perfect!
First time coming to this place, wanted to try it since it had such a great Yelp rating.  The service was very friendly and the food was amazing for a great price.  I ended up getting 1/2 lbs. of Furikake Poke which was to die for.  Definitely coming back=)
I've came in here with my friends and family numerous times and all I have to say is whatever you order, you won't be disappointed. But I absolutely love their miso marinated cod!
The service was good, and seating was limited but the wait wasn't too long. I ordered the steak and eggs, with red velvet pancakes. The pancakes were really tasty, but the steak and eggs could have been better at a casino after midnight for 2.99
Nicole helped me and she was amazing. I walked in without an appointment and she accommodated me right away as if I was an honored guest. What a great experience. Thank you!
This is a great bowling facility. My only suggestion is to cool it down a little. I know I'm not having hot flashes, way beyond that..
The only SANE reason I would pay $5 for an iced tea is for the discounted refills. Apparently they don't do that here. I freakin hate the inconsistencies between Starbucks locations! I'm learning to stick to the few good locations around Las Vegas & ignore the rest.
Dude!!! Waygu and fois gras gyoza!!!
Good Breakfast!  Not many Breakfast places in the Arboretum Area of CLT!
Buildings are modern and well kempt. Beautiful xeriscapes. Dining commons does the job.\n\nOh, and a great Radiochemistry department. :)
Very disappointed Sunday.  We were a party of six and no one walked away satisfied.  The quality of the food has really taken a turn for the worse.  Seems like everything is precooked, frozen and reheated.   This was my favorite Italian restaurant.
Love this lil spot! Ordered the falafel sandwich and was blown away at how yummy it was. I'm a vegetarian so I was happy to see there were at least a few options on the menu. Super friendly, great location and open late on weekends! This will definitely be the new go-to:)
Knowledgable crew who really like what they do. The people there make all the difference. Great selection, very busy range. Arrive early to beat the crowds. This is a tourist destination and for good reason
the griffen use to have one of the hottest bartenders i had ever seen, she wasnt there on my last visit and im hoping it was her night off.\n\nthe bar itself is kind of like a classy opium den. super dark and covered in fabric/dark woods. go check it
Great breakfast here yesterday.  Have been many times for lunch but a first timer for bfast.  Good service, great coffee and a perfectly poached egg on top on my croque Madame.  Great way to start the day!!
It is hard to review the food because the place was closed without any notice.  We planned a birthday celebration for Sunday, July 29, 2012, got there around 12:30 and all was dark.  They did not return phone calls for a reservation on Friday or Saturday.\nNothing on their web site. What gives?
Awesome business! Keystone squeezed me in last minute. They gave me a quote on the phone, which the two super friendly and professional techs ( Benja & Anselmo) repeated as soon as they got here. The carpets look great, and they took care of some embarrassing pet stains with no problems. Thank you!
I've just moved to Phoenix and am really glad that I stopped by this Barber shop for a cut!  I've had very good cuts at my barber back east, but I have to say that the attention to detail was great.   Definitely stop by, you'll be glad that you did.
Save time,don't go, very rude and not very knowledgeable at all. Really don't know how their in business.
This is a Charlotte treasure. Incredible menu, that can be a little overwhelming, but take your server's suggestions. Everything I've had here is delicious. They make same-day reservations only, so be sure to call ahead. Otherwise, you will be waiting...
Gravy fries. No, great fries, cheese and mushroom gravy make it a holy experience.  Holy gravy fries. I think they will grant me 3 wishes, they're that magical.\n\nDelicious homemade ginger ale.\n\nGreat ambiance.
Marginal.  Food wasn't that great, service was nothing special, it... is not on my to do list to do again.  As far as menu prices, I couldn't tell ya because I knew I wouldn't be back long before I got the check!
Great people. Very friendly staff The food is fantastic. Great burgers
When the owner send you a message saying he wants to make it better for you next time that is wonderful that he stays that connected with his customers.\nService is huge and for that he is brought his last review back up! \nThank you for that!
terrible customer service no manager available when it takes 25 minutes to make a pretzel and a previous visit they shut yogurt machine down 2 hours before closing
Awesome decor and good service.  We went late night and just got apps, which everyone in the party enjoyed.  The best part though was the free soft pretzels with homemade mustard.  The catch is that you need to ask for them as they don't advertise them.
A must see!  Carrot Top had us peeing in our pants...well, almost.  If you stay at the hotel, I think they give you a discount on the tickets.  It was worth the two hours spent inside of the small theater.  Ton of props and his overall personality made this show spectacular.
See also the reviews listed under TGI Fridays for this location.
Great food at sick prices. Their take home pizzas are bomb
Excellent German food.  I went in for an early lunch, the service was great.  Had a whole feast of great dishes.  The best sauerkraut i've ever had -- subtle, with caraway.  Sweet and sour cabbage, potato salad, spaetzle, a great weisswurst, and a great wheat beer on tap.
We had a great night here. We started with the soup which was outstanding. We had salmon salad again and it was great as usual. Next. We had the spider roll which was soo good! Today we also had ice tonight so yummy
Been an Aussie and in Vegas had to do the show,awesome,if you have a chance diffidently worth the experience !
Buffet here is terrible on Friday night seafood buffet! Crab was so dry it wouldn't come out of the shell! And for $20 bucks per person, the Alliante Friday night seafood buffet is much more worth it!
Excellent food! Excellent service and great ambience. Will definitely come back on my next trip to Arizona
This is literally one of the best Asian lunches I've had in quite some time.   I had the chicken and vegetables.   The chicken was tender and plentiful and the vegetables were crisp.  Plenty to take home and roll up in a burro the next morning.
This place is great! We ordered the mozzarella sticks, boneless honey BBQ wings, and the chicken BBQ pizza. Everything was beyond delicious! We will definitely be eating here again!
For my first time getting my feet done . I must say my experience was very pleasant. My nail tech POOH was highly experienced n educational on foot care. Guys if looking to get a good service ask for POOH, she the best.
They do a 15 minute meet and greet interview with any of their pediatritians. Great way to find the right baby doctor for your little one.
I highly recommend buying tickets to see the stand up comedians at LA Comedy club. My friends and I were laughing until tears were rolling down our faces. The price for the tickets are reasonable and our show was 1.5hours divided between 4 comedians. We will defiantly attend during our next visit to Vegas.
Been going to this Sports Clips location for the last few months. Every time I've gone, I've always been seated no later than ten minutes after I get there and the staff is always friendly, talkative, and do an excellent job every time.
Excellent railroad shop. I use them for terrain supplies as they seem to have the best selection in SE valley.
Don't use this guy.... They started out great but screwed up my sprinklers and  left my yard a mess and worst of all he took over 60sf of pavers that were left over! Could never get him to call me back...
Had the bone in rib eye which was very good and big. Wife ordered the beef Wellington and probably the best thing I have ever tasted. Nice restaurant and fun experience. Can't wait to come back.
Found this place by merely driving by with the windows down. Captivated by the smell of fresh donuts, it was truly a 'turn this car around' moment. The fruity donuts were a hit. I recommend the apple fritter or a strawberry cake donut.
Great and cheap spot for a quick lunch. Lunch menu is worth stopping by and have a short sit down.
Grilled potstickers, moo shu pork, cashew chicken. Yum!!
Abysmal service. A $100 bill for a bottle of wine, a plate of cheese, and two cappuccinos; and all that took 1 hour to even get. We were ignored for the most part, I'm very annoyed.
The food is phenomenal! The decorating is unique and really cool! The service is snooty!!
So amazing! It was so good I couldn't stop eating. The customer service was excellent! :) they make these big pretty fruity drinks too. Their homemade tortillas are out of this world. I just wish they served alcohol. I will be back.
Just a note. The proprietor of Hubbard Avenue Diner reached out and addressed my issues. I really appreciate his attentiveness. That act alone will ensure that I try the diner again.
Great energy, great owner! The atmosphere is easy and laid back, and the coffee is fabulous!
LOVE  Jimmy John's nuff said
If you're ever in Vegas I totally recommend this restaurant. They have excellent authentic Chinese food. The food portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable. The service is fast and efficient. Very convenient to the exit of the Rio. Plus the restaurant has late hours too!
Worst Mexican food ever.  Would rather eat at Taco Bell.  There are so many better options in Arizona, I dont know why you would eat here.
We were driving by Lo Lo's the other day and decided to give it a try for lunch, I'm so glad we did! The food was really good, and even though the waiter messed up my food a bit, I really enjoyed the mix of waffles and chicken! It was so good, we will definitely be coming back.
You be the judge - $980 for 4 backing plates and 2 drums. $600 to replace one waste tank slide valve. 7 days. I think that's about $500 too high
Kingsley is the man.  He knows what he's talking about.  I've been a customer for over 15 years and I still love it.
The food is better than the OG. Nice atmosphere, good hearty pasta dishes...what's not to like?!
This was amazing!!! I stumbled cross this vape store after having a HORRIBLE experience at The Lair Vapors. I went in and left with a HUGE smile!!! If you need awesome flavors & awesome people to be around definitely go there. I wouldn't go anywhere else!!
Eh. Just okay. Outside bar was great but that's due to the weather. Service blows and food is just okay. Nothing special. Great for people watching though. My fave was the chic with the big boobs and mohawk.
Great food and friendly service... I am a soft shell crab fanatic the one I had last night is by far one of the best ones I ever had. \n\nGive it a try you won't be disappointed!
Best coffee in town. You never would think a donut shop would be known for their coffee but Dunkin Donuts has excellent coffee. The donuts are slightly above average. But over all a good quick on the go breakfast.
While the atmosphere is a little strange (it feels a little too industrial for a breakfast place), the food was very good. I had fresh toast with honey, and it was delicious. It was pleasantly surprising, and I would definitely come back again.
Love this place! The ambience, the food, the people. I like them on Facebook so I get updates and sneak peeks of their upcoming menu! I live nearby and go as often as I can. I've never ordered anything that wasn't awesome! One of my favorite places in Phoenix!
someone from another salon said there is no one on this side of town that does flat tops. eat your words.
Just. Called no longer open to locals unless you buy a cabana. They don't like locals it's just a lame slogan.
If their was negative stars they'd get them! Been to many different del tacos here in phoenix. So far been to this specific location about 3 times and gotten horrible service! Also All 3 times my order has been wrong and taste like I get the leftovers ! Never fails.
Great food - the prime rib sliders were simply amazing. Great fries, awesome salads, and the prime rib wrap was delicious too. The house Margarita was excellent!
The best place to enjoy jazz music in Edinburgh. Live music every day and usually packed during weakends.
Maybe I had high expections going there based on the great reviews.  But I wasn't very impressed with the ribeye.   The decor is a what you would expect from a steakhouse.  The service was excellent.  After our orders were taken by our friendly waitress the rest of the meal was a team orchestrated effort.
Drinks, service, management, photographer, and attire. \nAll the above sucked....enough said. \n\nPlus they're pretty much racist. Not worth the entrance fee!.
I am addicted to their burgers and fries, they are so good. The people behind the counter are very nice too.
Food and atmosphere are just Ok here.  Probably shouldn't have gotten an enchilada in a more \"tex mex\" kinda place ... however the service and margaritas are definitely something everyone should experience!
Left The Linq & went to The Westin...so thankful for this hotel. \nI love it here, always easy & always a pleasure...\nWish I spent my entire trip here.
This place was just ok. The  barbalo wings are good.the sandwiches are horrible. I ordered 6 wings an got two celery sticks.wtf? Very skimpy.
Not on the approved diet...but dam good
Major success here.  I love it.  We went twice in two days just to make sure it was good and they totally passed!  New favorite Chinese place.
This place is clearly priced for the location, which is near a lot of places. Staff was kind. Random drilling and sawing at 6am kinda ruined the experience.
Nice place to park yourself while shopping. Excellent tiramisu and coffee and free wifi. Can't beat that.
Turn It On Electric has always taken good care of me and my business.  Ed was out today and got our lighting issue fixed in no time.  He was professional, friendly and courteous......you can't ask for much more.
Great selection of Irish whiskies, good sandwiches.  We ate there a couple times during a week long visit in Tempe, and it became my favorite place in the whole town.  I got to sample an early '50s Bushmill, which was very mellow, but good.
A small but beautiful little Korean bakery. Lots of variety and I haven't found a thing that I didn't like. When I need something to eat on the go, this has everything I need. Why can't the Chinese bake like this?
Great Time!! Funny movie!! Loved going to the Film Bar for the first time! The tables so you can eat are fantastic!
Great management at this location.  Orders are fast and accurate.  Its the little things that make the difference.
Way too expensive for the type of food they serve. Even the domestic micros are at least a dollar more expensive per pint than just about anywhere else in Pittsburgh. Do yourself a favor and take your dollars elsewhere where they will go much farther.
Lost our stuff in the bag check .  They are incompetant
Im a fan. Best cheesesteaks I've had  in the valley.
Food was so salty it was enedible. Terrible. Other friends have had the same experience
Love Tony for my nails and Lisa for my toes and eye brows! Great please... clean,  affordable...
S'bucks is s'bucks. The good thing about this one was lots of tables (considering the location) and friendly staff. Wifi is normally good but was spotty when I was there.
Jeah
Roadhouse Cafe was a great place to hang out...Great live music and the saloon looked like out of the movie. The food was good and so was the waitstaff. Great place to go for a ride or a hang out time and enjoy a beer and good food.
While I love Harkins theaters this one hasn't been updated as much as others have.  It's a great theater to see art house films.  Staff here is awesome!
Actually walked out of this restaurant after waiting 20 minutes and no servers had even acknowledge we had been seated, and the restaurant wasn't busy at all!  A first for both me and my husband!
Again, still very good, but they never took my lighting suggestions on board!! what's up with that?!\n\nthe food still is amazing though, you cant deny that
This place has highest level of service and strong flavor coffee. Excellent hot whole milk in the coffee a big plus. I went to order Guava & Cream Cheese \"Guayaba con Queso\" and omg what a surprise the best i ever had, i had try this thing in a 100 different restaurants
I've been here a few times all good experiences except for today's wait. 50 mins in line was not acceptable after somehow forgetting what out order was by the time we finally got to the window. Hopefully your experience  won't be like mine.
This place was ok - not amazing bny means but fair.  The sandwhich was a little dry, but it was a good size.  This is the only place you can actually get Diet Coke (not pepsi) in the whole South Point Casino though so it gets a bump up for that.
One of the best sandwich shops in town. ..The pig kahuna is incredible! Everyone there is really nice and the set up is cool. Not the cheapest sandwich shop in town but definitely worth the money. Ive been twice now and will go back a lot more!
Your typical Buffalo Wild Wings franchise.  TV's are placed well, and no bad seat in the place.  Drink specials most of the time, and they show most UFC and boxing PPV's.
Can't go wrong with boiled peanuts. You gotta try the boiled peanuts!! This is where I go when I need my Korean fix. Awesome Kim Chi and Meat Jun. Fish Jun is Ono too.
Hangover Heaven is truly brilliant, I wish they had one in every city. Highly recommend this if you've had a rough night and want to come back to life. Friendly and eduacated staff, love that they pick you up, and in reality the money is little in comparison to what you probably spent on drinks the night before.
$10 milkshake.  About three sips of milkshake and half of the small cup was whipped cream.  \n\nTremendous rip-off, even by Vegas standards.  Get thee to Burger Bar for a fantastic milkshake.
This was my favorite of the Cosmo bars.  We went here every night of my 4 night stay.  Great atmosphere, great service, great drinks!  We enjoyed the more laid back feel of this bar, and the big couches on the side were nice and relaxing.  Make sure you visit this bar if your at Cosmo.
I got a chicken pita with fries, and the food was so bland, even with the sauce. The fries also had no salt or anything on them, and the only flavor was the ketchup. Bland food, disappointing lunch.
inzwischen dauerhaft geschlossen
It was an average experience. The service was average at best, the food wasn't bad but nothing to rave about. Personally I wouldn't repeat.
That club is pretty lame.. $20 at 2am on a friday night to enter an empty club? Really? Don't get me wrong, I have no problem paying to go to a club but when it is raining outside and there are maybe 30 people inside.. that's unnecessary...
Not worth it. They all suck there. Employees be acting like they're getting working for free. Just go to a restaurant.
Went to Paseo verde location
Wonderful dinner tonight with friends. Special cocktails and fine food.  Must try!
The staff, hotel, ammenities and easy location to things to do when staying at the hotel were a 5 Star.  The staff is quick to respond to any needs, and everyone I dealt with was very accomadating.  I was with a large convention group so it was very crowded but the staff was on top of everything.
Okay for the keep price. Fun for the kids. \n\nCircus Circus is a old casino so don't think its going to be like a real clean and new Casino.
There was a ridiculous 15 minute wait time for a customer service rep, yet there were several reps just standing around. Would have given this place much lower rating had it not been for Jazz. She was extremely helpful and friendly.
First my husband and me were going to subway next door. And we said what the heck let's give it a try. Biggest mistake ever. The food was just horrible. Nice customer service. But bad food. I'll never go back again.
We've been eating at Pinnacle Grill since we started visiting the area several years ago.  I love their variety of sandwiches and salads.  Today I had the salmon with goat cheese sandwich and it was amazing.
Terrible. The only reason to rate it higher is because of the portions. Yuk, yuk,yuk
Brody and I went to the Children's Museum a couple weeks ago and it was a hit. It was so much fun we bought a membership and Brody took his mom and cousin last weekend.  We could go to the museum every weekend and not run out out of cool stuff to do.
I go to this urgent care because it is THE ONLY place you can go to see an actual doctor - not  a PA, not a NP, but an actual doctor.  Hope they don't sell out, go cheap and change that.  Great service. Dr. Ramsey is my favorite, but both docs are great!
Well, the salad I ordered looked like it was pre made two days ago & the pizza was made a heated up ... Not good. Better out there!
It's in a new spot now, so it's not really the same Paul's Club.  And by that I mean there's no more sticky carpet, seating held together by duct tape, and mandatory vertical spooning of strangers due to space limitations.  Whatever, get me a beer.
A lot of food for a little money - it's made fresh right then and there and comes out piping hot. They also have sushi which I have not ventured towards. The mongolian beef and kung pao chicken are really good.
At the Scottsdale location, they used to have a really wonderful manager, an older Mexican gentleman who put his heart into the place.  They got rid of him, put in a relative and things declined.  I'm surprised Corey let this happen.  It used to be a special place.  Then prices went up and quality declined.
While on travel for work I went to Blue Taj based on a friends recommendation. The food was good the service was good and although I ate at the bar the decor was nice too.  \n\nI hope to go back soon.
the customer svc is good, but the cupcakes seem dated! Not as moist as they should be considering the price.  My search for the perfect cupcake continues.
These folks were great! From the receptionist to each of the Dentists they were thorough, very friendly and made me feel comfortable. They were quick, getting all of my procedures done in several weeks. I am glad I found them!
I went for the shaved ice yesterday based on reviewers' pics. They looked so good! It was delicious and refreshing, the perfect treat for the super hot day...117 degrees! I will go again, probably today. I want to try the milk teas!
Good food. Attentive staff who take food alergias seriously. Fantastic place for breakfast in the enclosed patio you get the benefit of being outside while escaping the heat.
Love this place!! Very reasonable prices.  Came during lunch and they were very good at getting order out fast.
Better than in n out or jack. The staff is fast! Very friendly and always smiling. Thank you fuys for a great meal.
Awesome Food and Great service always! The Buffalo Shrimp Wrap is super delicious! Try it or you're missing out!
The best pizza crust in town!  Love this place!  My go to pizza delivery.  The delivery people are always so nice too. You should really try this pizza. Good food, great prices, and stellar customer service!
If you want to eat authentic Mexican food come to this place, the machaca plate and their refried beans are my fav!\nThe owners are really nice, the only thing that I can complaint about is the wait time, they really need to hire a waitress.
Once again a restaurant at the SLS fails.  Seated and then ignored by the wait staff.  I don't want the \" LA experience\" of being ignored.
This place is crap. My gel manicure peeled off like scotch tape in less than a week... spend your money elsewhere!
Ordered from here on 11/19/14 and it took over 2 hours to arrive and the food was cold and basically inedible. When I called to complain, they refused to issue a refund. The food is not good enough to put up with the headache and terrible customer service. I'd suggest trying somewhere else.
I use to love this place until they escorted me out in my heels...clear plastic of course.
Besat salsa around! Hands down. Always consistant. Try the mexican pizza ornachos......i prefer them both meatless; even better.
Great food.amazing meatballs. Awesome portions for the price. Service left something to be desired
Good food. Average pricing. Free Wi-Fi Internet. \n\nNothing special, nothing bad to say either.  \n\nTry it...
I was not sure what to expect. Regardless, the food was good and the staff was pleasant. Good move having pretty girls work in the front and the cooks in the back. The only Mexican feel I got was from the cooking staff in back who I occasionally saw. Good not great, continue supporting local businesses.
C'est la premi\u00e8re fois que je mange dans ce resto....la bouffe est bonne.....le prix est un peu cher....les serveuses ne sont pas professionelle......
This is a great shop. Had an over heating issue on my 04 grand prix GT. They were able to get it fixed in great time. Will come back for more repair issues as needed. Thank God there close to my house and PT's across from them have hot machines while you wait in which can make a $600 repair free;)
13 to the gallows plays there sometimes, my favorite band. the place is great, cheap drinks and great sound!!
The worse Bun Bo Hue. Com bo luc lac not good, rice is dried, tasteless. Not recommended.
Horrible food,  it's Asian fusion and they messed it up. Terrible service I had a Booking and I reached on time  and they made me wait for 30 minutes. The  bartender was extremely rude to us. Will never recommend  this  place to anyone.
nice enough i the inside but the head doorman has a serious attitude problem, do not go there unless you bring either your passprt or drivers license. the creature at the door will not accept any other form of legal and goverment issued id
Quick and efficient service both our BSTL (black shaken tea lemonade) and drip coffee was provided immediately after ordering.... no complaints.
Simply delicious!
I love this place. Whenever we have friends in town, we bring them here. Best lasagna on the planet! Garlic bread is great and so is their house dressing. Make reservations, it gets crowded.
An up-scale burger/sandwich fast-food restaurant. I had a very good salmon sandwich. Others opted from the traditional burgers that came with the standard fries that were crispy without an oily taste. A good alternative to the major burger chains.
Cute boys & great food! The grouper fish tacos are AMAZING. I tried a few appetizers and wasn't disappointed. Overall great food for a good price.  Love.
Troy is amazing!!  I am very particular about how things get done.  He does a great job, is very fast , very clean, professional and a pleasure to have around! I highly recommend him!
Great place with a lot of options when it comes to guns, good range but personally I do think its on the pricey side, still a lot of fun though
Great view! Awful food! Mediocre service!
As good as it gets; superb food, atmosphere, service. Try it during Restaurant Week when you can sample favorites
Excellent customer service. We love the speedy rental return. \nWill be back to this haul.
We were here for lunch and there were NOBODY there, except us. I guess everybody shows up at night for shabu shabu. We ordered 2 bibimbap and they were pretty tasty. I think it is their paste or something. Also, they don't give out a lot of side dishes.
The last time i was here it wasn't as bad as i remembered it to be in the past. When you come here be prepared to wait and hour or two before you can leave. Also expect  below average customer service and bring some water and snacks lol you are welcome.
Best pizza in Las Vegas.   It's the only pizza that I've found to be comparable to New York Pizza.  Also the calzones are great and made to order, not pre-made and gross.
Bloody mary's were great food was awesome.  Dave and Roxanne ate great people.
Where I lost most of my money but this review is for the horrible service I was provided. Sure, the Jabbawockeez show wasn't bad and Britney Spears sat a couple rows behind my sister but this place is so grungy and needs to keep up with the architecture. Come see me at the Bellagio!
Had a great experience here. They were very welcoming and explained the options to me as a first time customer. The guys really hustled and worked on the interior cleaning. Excellent job and very efficient. Looks and smells great!
Great pho and noodle dishes.  The pho broth is very flavorful and perfectly seasoned.  The portions are large, with generous portions of noodle and meat.  Their vermicelli dishes are very good as well.  Prices are a little high, but are worth it for the quality of food.
I like a store where I can get in and get out quickly.  The Men's department all in one handy store.  Was able to stock up on some essentials without any issues.  The staff was friendly and helpful.
Fast service with a smile. Will come back again !
Friendly folks, pretty good pie for the $5.  I would say their cashier needed a touch of additional training, but the pizza was good and they even offered me a free drink while I was waiting.  Definitely will be back.
This place has the BEST ph\u00f4 I have ever tasted. Excellent customer service. The staff is very friendly and the ambiance is that of a very chill vibe. You can tell that they are very family oriented. They will always have my business.
Very slow service, they're so disorganized with the food line. The nachos were cold, soggy, and chewy by the time I actually got to taste them.
Went to their HalloQueen party and had a ton of fun.  The place is nothing special but the music was loud and the drinks were tasty. :)    Great mix of people that it draws!  \n\nWill definitely go back to dance!!
Affordable. I'm a big fan of japanese ramen & tried almost every ramen in Montreal. I know they can't have the same taste as in Japan but Misoya has the best flavor among them.
Had bbq pork sandwich.  It was good, but over priced. No lids for your soda? Wth? Wish they served fries instead of potato chips.
Have yet to try anything off the menu, but I love coming here just for the atmosphere. Great place to end a date or night out with friends. Service is friendly and the whole place is very casual and laid back. Worth a stop if you're over on that side of town.
I used to live walking distance from this sushi restaurant and have definitely had my fair share of all you can eat meals here.  Nothing to complain about, but nothing to write home about either.  Fair service, fair sushi, and a below average selection of rolls to choose from.
Fresh bread with healthy selections  :-)
I love love love the meat products. It is so clean and they are so willing to help you with what ever you need. It's is a little bit more expensive , but the meat  has so much flavor it's is worth it!!!!!!
Not sure how we spent $70 on 5 slices of pizza, 3 strombolis and 2 sodas. Pizza was good, but the strombolis were pouring grease.
Never again. Pam wasn't friendly and made my friend and I feel like we were putting her out.
YUMMMMMYYYY!!!!!  Loved the huge gyro and the side salad was delish.  Super friendly staff, nice and clean too :-)
24 hour KBBQ! YUM, service is quick and friendly and willing to fill you up on the wonderful vegetable side dishes. They cook the meat for you table side and let you know when it's ready. Portions are generous and they even include free soju with certain meals! :D
Hot day, no water in the car and basically hungry and thirsty and there's good ol' 7-11 with the usual assortment or drinks and snacks, etc.  water, granola bar and I'm out in 3 minutes!
The best fish tacos, period!  And I hate chain restaurants!
I love Dillards...they frequently have great sales!  And I'm a sucker for a good sale!  I always find something whether it's in the shoes, jewelry or dresses.  This is a good location...easy to get to, easy parking, etc. I like this location but my favorite is still in Henderson!
Super yummy pizza, awesome atmosphere, and open until 10pm?! Yes, please!!! Will be coming back for sure!
If you are used to a full Panda Express restaurant don't bother with this mini version. They didn't have the beef & broccoli & they didn't have the steamed vegetables that my wife & I wanted. There wasn't much else either - minimal selection.
CLOSED!  AND THE BIG SLIDES REMOVED??\n\nNot sure what is going on here, looks to be some renovations I'll be totally bummed if they lose the big slides.
Opposite experience of the below - excellent service, salad was lackluster. Sugar cookie was exactly what I was hoping for - so I would say stick to the baked goods when ordering food from a bakery kind of restaurant! Lots of options up on the menu boards, but difficult to see them all until you right up by the cashier.
Decent Indian food. Some things run a bit too spicy for the flavor.
The sandwiches and the eggrolls are delicious and dirt cheap. Dipping the sandwich into the pho soup is divine if you like eating like me.
It was ok. Expected the gyro to have more flavor and be WARMER. Really average food, and kind of spendy for the average quality.
I'm always one to give people a second chance but I've been there three times and they're not open the hours they said they'd be open.
We go almost every weekend for bloody Mary's and breakfast in the morning. Mary's are good and the food is excellent! OMG omelette and the breakfast club are great! Service is friendly and attentive. Can't wait to go back!
It may not be a place to take a date but the food was REALLY good! Cheap too!\nI guess it pays off to have an ugly place with awesome food! When I came, there was only 5 other people at 5pm so I didn't have to wait, maybe they have big lunch rushes
I live next to here and it's everything I like in a supermarket.  I love to daily grocery shop and this Safeway is always clean, fresh produce, fresh baked goods and pretty good meat/fish counter.   Customer service is always friendly.
When it works, it is great. Problem is that it doesn't very often. Have had the last disappointment and am done!
Just tried the new little cafe. Reminds me of a cross between LGO and Postino-just not as good. It's nice though to have an option like that close by instead of driving to Arcadia. We will definitely go back.
Ok first off, I know I am at least 8 years older than the average patron here but whatever dude. I like the cheap beer and the food isn't bad for a college style bar. The outdoor area and patio are my favorite spot, just in case you wanna find me ;)
Got my hair cut here a few days ago, best its looked since I was a kid and didn't have a choice!  Awesome atmosphere, theres a bike tie off up front for anyone who decides to pedal over, and Michael is a artist with the mess he had to work with that is my hair.  Regular customer for life now
Have decided to proceed with proposed treatment plan and Dr Mike Moore. First step is a root canal then eight crowns to complete before end of May. Crowns are $453 each to me after my insurance pays their share. Very high tech equipment and skilled staff. Will review after my treatment plan is accoomplished.
Fun place to hang out and dance to some live music downtown. Check in for the free beer shot... they have some great craft beers on tap!
Bring your own bottle. Pedestrian italian, no pizza, little flavor, overpriced and way too small for comfort. Sat next to a space heater. And it's a strip mall.\n Wrote this in Feb 2012 and for some reason it is just now posting. Maybe its better now.
Very watery Korma. The Naan had the texture of baked pizza dough. The only good thing was the tartness of the mango lassie. They were the previous owners of Samosa Factory,  but their food didn't seem to carry over. Samosa Factory has surpassed this place greatly.
Go to Starbucks. This is a place to be seen, not a place to enjoy coffee or get work done.
The sushi was just ok and the ginger dressing was too sweet and not very ginger like. Not good enough for the price.
Amazing Tuna Poki! Hawaiian Roll drenched with the best Ponzu ever! 10/10 Agadashi Tofu! The batter is amazing.
Food is alright. Had the mac and cheese and country green beans. The biscuits were good. Sis was insistent on trying it and since we were crunched on time we took it to-go. Took a while for the take out and prices are pretty high for the quality.
Went to Luke's first time today. Had their special Italian beef $7.85. When you add the toppings at $1 a piece like peppers and cheese and onion it can be quite pricey. They really should be included don't think I'll be going back.
What a great place! They were really nice and helpful! With their help my twin granddaughters Sweet Sixteen T-Shirts were designed and ready in an hour. Very happy!!
Sammy's restaurant sucks!  Tasted like bland food from a can.  Worst chips and guac ever!  Worst hamburger ever!  Do not eat at Sammy's if you have any pride.
Awesome set and great special effects.  Well worth the dollars.
Prices for food are a bit high but that's the movies now a days. Service is alright should be more attentive. Seating you can't be beat, comfy & spacey.
I go against the grain. I thought it was an amazingly salty place. I had my month worth of dietary sodium all in one sitting. Still don't know why if it is a steak place they don't ask how a customer prefers his meat like rare medium or well done.???
Every time we go to the Apple store my kid returns the favor of dragging him along by dragging me to get him a pretzel here.  It is a bit pricey and they always have a very slow moving line, but the product is generally fresh and tasty.
Always one of my favorite places to go..  continuous service with a smile, friendly staff and lots of choices to choose from.  One of the best yogurt places in vegas.
we ordered a seafood platter, it was really good and fresh it included fried and grilled fish, breaded and grilled shrimp along with coups of shrimp soup. the food did lack a little spice. the service was good and attentive. place was okay, some of the customers seemed kinda cartel looking
Tara is the best this is the first time that I leave a hair salon very satisfied. It's affordable and she takes her time to make hair perfect. So glad I found her :)
Great hotel for cleanliness and convenience. It's not a destination hotel, of course, but we find it convenient to stay in to visit family and friends nearby. Within walking distance to some restaurants and shops.
Overrated. Food was mediocre, wait was long and even the famed frozen hot chocolate wasn't all that great and definitely not worth the price.
Always a good meal here.
Run- do not eat here\nSeveral hours after eating here-I got sick.  From both ends.  This place needs to be shut done.  The owner was an ass - he has problems with either women or Americans. Sad part he tired to tell me what I should order.   The chicken had no season what so ever.
Very popular and I have no idea why. Strictly there\ndue to being other people's choice. Many years and locations. Boring
Great boots & great people.  The people here are very helpful and friendly.  And the selection is great.  Only 1 1/2 miles from the strip.  thank god!
Salsa bar alone is worth it.  Awesome artwork is worth it.  Best tacos/burritos are the cactus ones.  Not overpriced.  We love this place.
Always my first dinner in Vegas.  Good food and open till 3am every day of the week.   If you are not super hungry its ok to slpit a steak.
Hands down the best cheesesteak in town, period. Even the two east coast guys I went with said it was as close as they had gotten from home. That says a lot coming from these goodfellas I was out with for Lunch today...
Not the warm  and fuzzy greeting you hope for, but expect.  I went in to get my dermal anchors removed.  FRANK is amazing...professional, gentle and talks you through it.  Go see Frank for any piercing need.
This time I went online to the web sight and scheduled an appointment. I made it for 8:30am and i got called back at 8:35am. Not to bad!!\nThey were very busy. If u did not have an appointment they had an hour wait!!\nMake an appointment for any blood work
So unprofesional !!! Stylist are always late, yes its cheap but you dont know what they gonna do to you! The students look like They dont want to be there most of the time!!! Will never go back!!!!!
Delta @ McCarren is small with no SkyClub. Good service for a commuter flight and baggage on and off is fairly quick.
I recommend eating here the best Navajo food in the Valley.
Stopped by their truck today at the street eats festival in Scottsdale. Top quality. Great taste. Good size portions. You can tell there is pride in their product.
Love this place!  It's clean, it's affordable and the front desk staff and waxers (is that the official title?) are all very friendly and professional.
I just had their flowers sent to a friend and they are beautiful! I chose Nectar based on the photos on their website and they do not disappoint. I asked for something with pink peonies, soft and pretty and they completely over delivered. \nI love their aesthetic and will most definitely use them again.
Excellent food, good service, and quick food to table. What more can you ask for? On top of that, they have creative burgers. The only burger joint I love more is Burgatory. I also suggest sitting on the balcony overlooking East Liberty.
Was on hold for ten minutes before they hung up on me... They didn't say one word.... I got one though... Bullshit!! I want some god damn Pizza Hut lol!
Horrible service. Staff being very pushy to make us upgrade and buy insurance. Gave us bad attitude when we refused to get anything extra. Charged us $150 deposit without explaining anything and sent us off by saying \"good luck.\" Too bad Yelp won't let me give negative star rating.
After a promising response after my previous yelp review, I was pleased to see them reaching out to reconcile the poor service I received at the restaurant.  After 2 months, I have not received the alleged giftcard.  Would have been nice to use that giftcard to give them a second shot, but I guess not.
Great place, clean and very pretty inside. Tony gave me a great pedicure and leg massage. Will be back!
HUGE portions!!! I thought Omelet House portions were huge but this place puts their portions to shame. Food was good, nothing overly special about it for me. The value is there and that's what matters. Wish they opened at 6am instead of 7am, but oh well. We will definitely be coming back.
went there on a wednesday night so it really wasn't that busy. Service was excellent and the food was good. I made the mistake of going to New York over the previous weekend but for Las Vegas pizza this is one of the best. A more diverse beer selection would be appreciated
Excellent traditional Mayan cuisine! We found this place on Yelp and loved it!! We will definitely come back. The cochinita pibil enchiladas were delicious!!
I really wanted to give Trophy's more stars because of their nice draft beer selection but the food was overpriced, not all that good and the service somewhat slow.  Do not get the $13 buffalo burger, way overpriced and under cooked. It's also a long way to drive being south of Williams Mesa airport.
I great coffee shop away from the strip. The place has a fresh modern look. If you enjoy a good pour-over, consider this joint. The staff are very friendly. \n\nSeveral pastries and breakfast items to choose. Free Wi-Fi.
Excellent customer service and a reasonable price. Really made a difference in my day by making a difficult situation a bit easier. Thank you!
This is a GREAT baseball park with a nice view.  I attended with 597 other people in a large group and we had the Southwest Deck to ourselves.  Great food and beer ran for 2-1/2 hours.  And the Pirates played the Phillies, and it was a great game.  The Pirates won!
Best carne asada in town.  And it's cheap.  There really isn't anything more that needs to be said.
Good food and selection. My husband and I eat here fairly regularly. I love their salsa and the atmosphere is great
We use to love this place, but the food - value ratio is on the decline. We had the thin crust pizza and it tasted like crackers with red sauce. We enjoy the live music and warm tea on the patio at sunset, but it has changes so much. I am not sure if we will give it another try, very disappointed.
Great experience! The salon is clean, the staff is very friendly and they were able to fit me in last minute - for mani and pedi.  I felt really welcome and will definitely go back.
I am very boring when it comes to my Italian food I prefer. Lombardino's is a little too fancy for my taste. I would have gave it 4 stars but my wife's walleye fillet was full of bones and the spaghetti was not as described and my son was not pleased.
Small portions for my liking, but overall good quality food and service. When in lost wages, I'd rather dine at Emeril's for seafood, same quality, larger portions for us big eaters, and a little less pretentious.
Absolutely the best BBQ in the city. I always get the trio combo or the 4 meat combo.
Always a great experience.  Fast service,  friendly and knowledgeable staff. Clean facility.
I really wanted to LOVE this. I mean the trailer is sooo cute, and the food truck idea I am crazy about, but the soggy flat bread wasn't what I expected. I am willing to give it another try, and if I change my mind, I will recant!!!
Always good.  Dan Dan noodles a spicy favorite.
Indian food is my favorite kind of food (and considering I'm French it's kinda funny) and this is one of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh. Their prices are very reasonable and they have many different discount offers going on every week. I highly recommend.
The restaurant was pretty much empty except for our family and another group. The salsa was good and the server was friendly and helpful. We had a variety of food: tacos, enchiladas and carne asada. Unfortunately the food was bland and not very good. Perhaps we caught the chef on a bad day.
I know it's not fancy, but I enjoy Long John Silver and A&W burgers. I get the fish and chicken platter from LJS and the bacon cheddar burger from A&W. I definately am addicted to the A&W root beer from the draft.
Saturday and Sunday they ONLY serve brunch. If you come in be aware that the standard menu will NOT apply.
I really like going to yogurtology for business meetings. I experienced really good customer service from a yogurtology employee, Victoria. Good flavors and toppings here.
If you want to deal with uneducated and unprofessional loan officers, wait three months for your loan to close, miss your closing date, loose the house of your dreams and pay $2000 in originations charges, stop looking,this is definitely your mortgage broker!
It is Smashburger, where they smash the lights out of your burger, throw a jalapeno on it and call it Arizona __something or another. \n\nIt's cool for a quick bite. That's about it.
The best pastrami sandwich! I come straight here from the airport just to get this sandwich. It's so delicate and juicy.
I have been waiting for Steak 'n Shake to come to Vegas. That was my late night hangout in the Lou.  So, coming here brings tons of memories.  Clean restaurant and great food!  Make sure you try the Malts and Steaks.  After all it is Steak 'n Shake!
A nice little location hidden in between apartments and some local businesses. The coffee here is pretty darn good and there a few treats too. I like that it never seems busy so no waiting around - dash in - dash out!
Fatburger in Red Rock is one of my consistent sanctuaries in Las Vegas. \nUsually I am here babysitting my grandmother during the weekly drawings on the weekends. The wonders an order of fat fries with cheddar and a chocolate shake can do for your soul is wonderous. ^_^
Good place for a drink - that's about it. Nothing exciting here - service was good - have never eaten here so - My wife and I stop in a few times a year on our nightly walk. We have not brought the kids - clean enough but, just doesn't have the family vibe.
What a fun Irish Pub. Great food (Had breakfast the next morning). Great staff and a great band; not your typical Irish group. Beer and drink prices were reasonable, especially for the STRIP. Outstanding Irish coffee.
It really big and clean but hard to find someone to help you, when I did find someone to help I knew the product I was getting but had a question he did not know anything about it just say you don't know let find someone to help you Instead of giving me false info.
I absolutely loved Mastro's!! The service is amazing and the food is delicious. I'm usually not a fan of high end franchise restaurants but this place really made me think twice.
My wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely.  This kind of customer service (or lack thereof) is simply inexcusable for any business establishment.  I advise you to go elsewhere for your tailoring needs.
ok, I yam eating here cuz the Yelp machine told me dat dis here res-taur-ant is good eatin'
wow really 15 people in line one person on a register and two more screwing off behind counter this is why I prefer QT when I can
I love this place. The frozen ice and yogurt mix is to die for.   So much better than FRO yo or shaved ice.  Best of both words
Rude and snarky service. Apparently, customer service is to complicated for these 30 year olds. I bought nothing and walked out. The Store is dirty, sales associates are wondering and completely avoiding customers. 1 star because, there's no option for any less.
Great ramen. I live super close to here and I've gone five times in the last month. I love the service but the food is what keeps me going back.
I don't care how you dress this place up, its still a fake Denny's. I know a Denny's when im in a Denny's and this is a damn Denny's called the Pyramid Cafe at the Luxor.\n\nStop Lying Vegas! Stop Lying!
Why do I have to wait 5 - 10 minutes for a booth when there are 5 empty ones? The managment here sucks. Your hostesses dont know wtf they are doing. Then you sit me at a dirty table!
I got the Jack Not Jill sandwich.  Maybe it was my fault for changing the hamburger bun out to wheat toast but, this sandwich was very lackluster.  The fries were soggy and not crisp at all.  I won't be rushing back and, if I did go back I would definitely order something different.
Way to go not letting employees know...that's awesome!
Everything I've ordered here has been delicious. The omelets are flavorful and filling. Start looking at the menu before you sit down, because once your waiter leaves your table the first time, he's not coming back. The service is terribly slow, albeit friendly. The food is well worth the wait.
You have to try the dry rubbed beef short ribs. Best I have every had, so good I did not use sauce, amazing!
Service was great.  This price for dim sum at this place is the cheapest.  My favorites were  the tripe and the chicken feet.  Would definitely come here again.
Highly unprofessional, get ready to talk to people out from trying to scam you cause they know you need extra money. You sit a cold room while hearing the employees talk about girls there going to f$&k this weekend.   Never going back
Worth a visit just to check out the amazing waterfall inside. Oh and make sure to reserve a table because even then there's a long VIP line.
Small place, but a great breakfast. The waffle was perfect and the service was prompt. We went during the week, and the wait was about 10 minutes.
Love smashburger!!! The smash fries are awesome and the sweet potato fries even better. Clean and service is great.
Simple question.  How can a restaurant with a menu as big as the CF do anything right?  Do they do everything right, nothing right, or somewhere in between?  My experience has been that they're somewhere in between.\n\nOne thing for sure, they used to do carrot cake really good.  They don't any more.
I love Paymon's. During the summer they have the best cold cucumber soup! So delicious. The chicken curry, hummus, dolmas, lentil soup are all satisfying... I think I am going to go there tomorrow for happy hour! Yay!
Bar sympa avec belle ambiance, musique d\u00e9contract et jolies demoiselles !
This place is just gross and dirty. I would never recommend it to anyone unless they lived in a trailer.
Food is okay, nothing great. Prices high but that's Vegas in the casinos. Fun interactive atmosphere. Not sure about the other servers but mine was not good. After he dropped off the food I never saw him again.
Hah to even call qwest an internet service provider would be a hard lie. Its like they dont even try those stupid slobs dont know how to do anything right. If you are with qwest be prepared to solve you own problems and throw money down the drain for choppy service. You have been warned!!
What can you say. It is incredible !! And very unique twist in Italian food.evrtything is in smaller portions so you can try many different things.
Every time in Vegas gotta hit up the oxtail soup. Wait times are long,usually 45 mins.
As much as I love this place, the service has gone WAY down hill. There are several new baristas and very few of them have personalities. I don't expect them to know my name or even my drink but I do expect a hello or even a smile. \nGet back to the basics ladies.
The owner called me and offered a sincere apology. While it does not fix that fact that I got the run around, it does show that the owner cares about his business. The apology was greatly appreciated.
Food is hands down delicious! Service is slow and sometimes rude. They are bad with answering their phones & bad at realizing there are people in the restaraunt! I the service was better I would give it 5 stars!
The food is good and teppan is always fun.  I like the pink rice they make on the flat top, too.  Even though their tricks are the usuals, they're still very entertaining.
The best place to get your nails and toes done! They do the best pedicure's out of any other nail salon! Brandon does my nails and he is so talented! I will never go to any other salon other than Solare. Thanks for doing such great work!
the best service and the best sushi for a low price when its happy hour
Huge scam\nGot a three song dance and was charged for six. The strippers rip you off! Also, there's a cover plus a fee paid to the bouncer who seats you. Terrible experience.
Great hair cut. Discount for students with ID. Parking is rough if you have to drive down. Accepts credit card but only accept cash tips.
This was pretty good. The calamari was pretty good. . . a bit heavy handed on the batter, but over good. I got the Pablano Burger which was excellent! The chicken wings. . . eh, ok. The view and seating is very nice.
Excellent menu great selection good service delicious delicious delicious!
Everything in the bakery looked delicious!  I picked up a passion fruit raspberry tart and 2 macarons - pistachio and passion fruit mango.  The macarons were overpriced at $2.50 each, but the tart was good and reasonably priced at $4.50.
Excellent beer, and excellent food. Never disappoints.
The first and last time we went there was a spider in my moms rice. Could barely eat the rest of the night and the staff tried to act like they couldn't believe there was really a spider in the food.
If I did loved this place .... so easy going, different for everything I had have.... a must go in San Diego.... so good
YAY! A great, no pressure, affordable, easy-going chiropractic place. I love my weekly adjustments. Highly recommended.
I really wanted to like this place.\n\nThe atmosphere is great, the food..eeeeh.\n\nI've been here several times, staff is hit or miss. Drinks decent, happy hour was just ok.
Amazing food.  Amazing ambience.  The sexual innuendo is second to none. I've never laughed so hard at a restaurant.  Great date place for sure.
100% the best eyebrow threading facility in Las Vegas. The wait times are minimal and she is beyond talented. I've been to quite a few eyebrow threading places and none compare to here. I drive across town just to come here.
Food was great, the service could have been better but wasn't horrible.    Quiet location.
Food is not as consistant but its alright for a quick lunch. Service is so-so. Food is not worth the bad service! Lol
Was craving chicken Parmesan and I know only \"mom & pop\" spots are the way to go. It was exactly what we were looking for. Purchased to go and it was delicious. I'm sure if I had eaten at the restaurant it would've been even more delicious.
Poor service.. Walked in and the gurl n front turn around so she wouldn't greet.. WTF.. This place require no star
Me and my girl went she got tacos I got a burrito both had no flavor was plan first time going and last time waste of money
MILFs? Check. \n\nOld dudes with a lot of money married to these MILFs? Check. \n\nOld dudes with a lot of money married to these MILFs that give me inspiration to who I want to be when I become old? Check... WYNNING!
Service was horrible waived to a waitress after making eye contact and no service. Lack of ingredients for a suffering bastard. If you don't mind the lack of service the drinks available are good priced a little high for a lack of service. However the bartenders are friendly but sit at the bar or the service sucks
Pretty good selection of items.  I have seen better.  The pharmacy people are really nice and helpful.  I would probably be back here to visit the pharmacy.
In winter this would be great but too hot in summer. Son got dizzy.  $12 for 1 hour is a good price.
The food is great. My favorite is to get the appetizer sampler with 3 different items. The prices are pretty cheap compared to other restaurants in Charlotte.
Nice people but the salon needs work. The nail stations were dirty, the colors were limited, and the salon was disorganized to say the least. I would not go back to this nail place :(
Best service, best price, and best steakhouse in the city!! Hands down! Went here for my birthday and couldn't have asked for anything better. Will definitely be back!
Really pretty good!  Steak was perfect and beyond.  Sides are kind of old school but given the concept were OK.  Would rather see a new concept of a steak house.  Too much like Ruth C and Maestro's.  Little disappointing.
Great welcoming staff & friendly service.  The sushi was just average.  It need some improving.  Also, there was a mess up on the order that shouldn't of be missed.
This place is amazing and it just opened up by my house so I decided to make an appointment for a new set of lashes. The lounge is nice and relaxing. Olga was the girl who did my lashes and she was wonderful and I loved the end results of my lashes! They now have me as a regular client!
Winco is okay. I don't touch the bulk food items because I've seen people actually reach into the barrels with their hands. They have a decent selection if food but rarely have arrowhead water. Always busy and I hate bagging my own food. I would rather pay a few more cents per item yo have my food bagged for me
i don't know how well they do nails but DO NOT get a wax! I went in for an eyebrow wax and came out with a good portion of my skin ripped off! My eyebrows look good but the scab underneath them? not so much...
Small Park with open area to just walk around or play in the middle. No fenced area for dogs to play. it's good for kids. There is two play area for little kids & bigger kids. Not worth it if you don't live close.
Enjoyed the food. This used to be a Johnny Rockets restaurant so it has that retro look. Price is reasonable. Will go again for Vietnamese food when the craving comes.
Never had a disappointing meal here. Very good!
This is a great little store, very clean and the ladies working there are always very friendly.  Their prices actually are better on most things that I've purchased than the bigger Asian stores in town.  They've got a little section of Hawaiian products which can be tough to find elsewhere.
The best place for all your restaurant supply . Best price and good customer service
Good beer good whisky. A pity the staff have no sense of fun and let down edinburgh in it's cultural approach by treating fun loving visitors with no respect.
I am done with Taco Bell for Good. They changed the chicken quality to this nasty shredded chicken and the so called premium chicken is the normal chicken that was used before. - I just tossed half my order. It tasted horrible.
they definitely arent as good as they used to be providing things like rib eye steak and certain kbbq side dishes.. back about a couple years ago i would give them a 4 star rating..still an option though
We did the 90 minute tour and had a great and knowledgable tour guide.  It was  great to actually sit in his chairs and walk through many of his buildings!  Well worth the money!
Random crazy crackheads wander throughout this place. The staff isn't incredibly helpful and this place makes me miss the awesomeness that is Freddy's in Portland. Need more natural foods! Damn you red state AZ!!!!
Have been getting my nails done for years. Just came back to this place a few months ago and boy am I glad I did. Tina is great and quick. Used to take 2 hours to have my nails done. I have heard the other nail techs do a great job also. I won't change places again.
Always a safe bet for a sandwich. Nothing that stands out for me, just a decent sandwich and my kids like it.
Avoid, avoid, avoid...... what seems to be a great deal fare turns out to be a much higher rate. they charge extra for everything, everything I say......get the point?
Fair prices.  Consistent Octane rating.  I've never been inside.  Also I think this station is very busy so the premium my car burns always seems to go a little further on a tank from here.  Not sure why but I also always get 20 more miles out of a tank if I fill up here instead of getgo or costco.
I bought a puppy from this place and had nothing but a sick dog and a lot of medical bills and then it died within 5 months after purchase. This place full of lies just to make a commission. STAY AWAY and find a good breeder. It's a rip-off.
The staff is incredibly helpful and they know customer service. I will gladly go into Safeway (& go out of my way in general) to use this Wells Fargo as opposed to others. Joey is very professional and personable, as well as the rest of the employees.
Lees is always the Best! Check their prices because you may be paying too much if you go anywhere else.
I asked Dave to save me from a series of chronic irrigation leaks; he was happy to do it, and also helped me with another couple of outdoor projects. Great guy to work with!
A truly exceptional Thai restaurant
Dinner was absolutely delicious. We had the special and 2 rolls. We also had 2 lychee martinis that hit the spot. We requested a table by their magnificent view and they agreed with a smile. We will definitely dine here on our next trip to Vegas. They get 4 stars because of price.
Attaching picture. Cut was not even and there is a black edge on the bagel. The amount of cream cheese is extremely tiny. Would it kill them to put more than a tiny thin layer of creamcheese on the bagel. And cut it down the center straight. What else does a bagel place really have to do
The food is decent, the prices are very low and the decor is super cool. You can definitely stretch a dollar here. It's a fun place worth checking out if you're in the area!
I love this show. Worth a stop every time I come here.
Fast, efficient and friendly service.  My spa pedicure included an amazing hot rock calf massage.  Polish lasted a good 3 weeks before chipping.
What can I say about this place that hasn't been said before. It is the dream shopper's secret hang out. Where else can you find haut couture items are bargain prices. Go there once a week and try to fight off the crowds for that special piece you'd see at Neimans for 10 times the cost.
While I was eating, a coach roach ran across my table!  I immediately stopped eating and threw it in the trash and left disgusted.
I used to really love Bluphies, but about 2 years ago (around when they renovated) I feel like they lost their charm. Their dinner entrees got much more expensive and lacked their original substance. It's still solid, but not a regular for us anymore.
You get what you pay for.  The food is inexpensive but taste that way.  The only thing good is the bean dip and salsa that you get at the beginning of the meal along with hot corn and flour chips.  The rest of the meal is bland.
We've chosen Cork to celebrate our wedding anniversary (first two so far) and we love the brunch (although they don't do it anymore). Trying the tasting menu next.  Have our third wedding Anniversary coming up soon!
Great food and fast service.  The chips and salsa were tasty and spicy.  We loved how the carnitas had little fat on it.. Most places will just serve mostly fat, we got 100% meat.  It's our new favorite place to go and take out of towners looking for Mexican food.
Slow service. Had to wait for hit and ready. No communication. Very slow. Very very sad.
What a lovely place to stroll.  For the most part I can't afford to do more than window shop.  I have spent some time more than once on the \"patio\" of Fat Tuesdays drinking a margarita and watching the Atlantis show and I bought a birthday present cap at the now gone Ferrari store.
Not a bad place to hang out and play pool, plenty of room. the only thing i would suggest if you visit this location to take a pistol with you.. bunch of tough guys / gangsters. them jigaboo's are lucky i didnt have mine
I will never eat here again. I don't recommend any one eat here.
Fast and courteous service, delicious food. If you're looking for fast, delicious Chinese in Montreal, this is where you want to go.
Went in today with a phone with a broken power button. They provided excellent customer service, & were very knowledgeable.  The person we dealt with was helpful and informative. They had the phone fixed in 30 minutes and their prices were reasonable. I would definitely recommend them to anyone in need of iPhone repair.
Prices are good and food is good. A person that works hard for there money cant ask for more!!
A good place to stop for a quick lunch but the food wasn't the best.
Our spaghetti was fresh! What a hoax!
Good food, clean environment, friendly and fast service.
Where have you been all my life, AMC with reclining chairs and reservations? Even the airlines don't treat you this well anymore! Best place I have EVER seen a movie. I am a regular now! Either go with a recliner or go somewhere else!
I really enjoy Mongolian BBQ, and this place is such a fresh take.  Every time I go I can get something new and create my own.  The sauces are just awesome and I love that you can chose different portion sizes for just how hungry you are.  The staff always seems nice and it is a fun place for a casual dinner out.
This is my favorite Pittsburgh Restaurant.  One the few places where the food actually matches the fantastic view and it is the only place in pittsburgh where you might experience a four star  meal as if you were in new york or LA.   Tasting menu is the way to go.   Excellent place to bring a date.
Good Cafe inside the Luxor. Shared a Reuben Sandwich with fries and a cup of clam chowder.\n\nWe finished it all if that says anything more.\n\nThere's a discount coupon in your welcome package if you're staying in the hotel.
Beautiful \nBad neighborhood\nNo continental breakfast\nVery unhelpful staff\nWiFi in the 11th floor only works with the floor below us.\nNo coffee have to pay for the coffee in lobby. \nClean room but stains on the bed sheets. Don't stay here.
The cheese enchilada was pretty good. But the grounded beef taco was horrible! I think Taco Bell makes better grounded beef taco. I wouldn't come back again.
What a bunch of pretentious f%@&ers.  I'm no beer connoisseur but I'd rather head next door to the taco palace and have a miller light than endure a single moment of the snobbery you could cut with a knife.
Love it...Is now a goto for me. Pork buns and duck are great. They have European football on too:) I know where I'm going when I want to watch a game away from home.
Nice, clean store. Good place for cheap cd's, latest out every Tuesday, most $9.99.
Love DQ, especially when it's a hop, skip and a jump from my front door. Always busy, but never a super long wait. Have had my order messed up a few times, but it is always fixed in a friendly and timely fashion. It's a great family treat on the weekends!
Wonderful, fresh food! We opted for the chef's menu based upon our dollar amount. Not used to this approach, but we tried it and was happy with the choices. Never saw the menu and should have as I would have enjoyed something novel. Good food, but common dishes.
Excellent service, our waiter was very friendly. I had a strawberry banana crepe and my boyfriend had a mushroom cheese crepe, both were delicious. Cute inside upstairs. Also beer and wine available. I was not, however, impressed by the bird flying around inside, landing on the tables and such.
Friendly, helpful service along with incredibly tasty food. Mahi Mahi burger was wonderful, fish tacos with mango jalape\u00f1o salsa were superb and the French fries were as good as I've ever had. This is a must go if you are in the area.
Burgers were not anything special.  The buffalo wings were mediocre.   They were overcooked and dried.  Good fries though.  I'd rather go to an In N Out burger.
Seafood combo pan roast is a must!!  Spicier the better too!
Average food, terrible service - in Vegas you can do much better eating in most other places
It eating a gargantuan sandwich is your thing, this is your place!  The pastrami is first rate and the bread is ... well who cares about bread anyway ... it's just there to keep your fingers clean of meat juices.
Pizza is good and you can't beat the beer selection.   Theirs wings have a good sauce also.
Awesome food!!!!
Great experience, food was excellent.  Vita our server was knowledgable and her suggestions were spot on. Will go back
Amazing service, amazing food, and amazing drinks. If you love a good strong coffee please try the Vietnamese coffee and something new (well for me) the avocado shake. What a gem of a place.
Great food other than the coleslaw. Tastes like an unfinished salad. Needs some flavor.
miserable experience\n\nsnarky jerkoff of a waiter\n\nmediocre food in small portions over salted and lukewarm\n\ncrappy ordinary and overpriced wine list\n\none of the worst meals in scottsdale ever!
Tonight I had my first experience of a true mouth orgazaim, the customer serviced sucked major ass the male employee there didn't seem alive. The food made up for it so much I will becoming back once a week so this won't be my last experience and the employee also works next door at 3pm, which I find tacky.
Amazing, knowledgeable, and personable. They took me in on short notice and answered all of my questions regarding health and how to move forward with my wellness plan. Highly recommend for anyone who wants to get a wellness check-in and a great experience! Plus, the massage is wonderful. :-)
Saffron is the best Indian cuisine we enjoy when in the Charlotte, NC area. Delicious, fresh... and hot lunch buffet will blow your Bombay mind! It is busy in here. Staff is courteous and quick to respond. No wonder it is a top rated Indian restaurant. Definitely will be back.
The only reason why I'm giving this place one star is because they contracted, ego maniac, Chris Angel to do \"magic\" at the theater there. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HIS SHOW!
I think they have great coffee and pastries.  There hasn't been a time I visited that I wasn't happy with the results.
The bar tender Ron, made my 21st birthday incredible. He was friendly, knowledgeable and hooked us up. He kept the conversation going and didn't seem annoyed at all by our drunk presence. I will definitely go back to eat the yellow tail and hang out with Ron again. THANK YOU RON!!! :)
I had the three ring binder burger since I love onion rings but didn't want to order the actual onion rings appetizer because that was too much to consume. The burger was alright but could be better. I liked the pyrex style cups since it had a novelty factor but that's it.
Never a bad experience in the 3 plus years I have ordered from here. Nice when you are in a hurry and absolutely love the pizza tracker (not sure more places don't do this). Sure it's a chain, but I enjoy the pizza, the prices, and the service. Thank you Dominos!
They close too early and the prices on the used records are ridiculous! I blame hipsters for that because before the hipster plague this place was where you could go in with 20 bucks and come out with atleast 4 or 5 records. \n\nGood if you collect kitchy junk I guess.
I have been coming here my whole life and absolutely love this place.  I think the lookout is one of my favourite spots in Montreal with its views of the downtown skyline.  On a beautiful day it is a great spot to enjoy a picnic or go for a run.  Even in winter it is worth coming to if you like skating or cross country skiing.
First cirque du soleil show I've ever seen and I wasn't too impressed. Sure some of the acts were cool and they had the clown pick on everyone in the beginning but I was never wowed.
It's okay....
We brought our friends, who never had Gelato. They were amazed at the variety and flavors. I think they are hooked.
Love this gym.  Very casual and comfortable and the locker rooms are well maintained and tidy.  A great way to spend my lunch hour.
The best Vietnamese soup in KW since the place at Erb and Regina closed. Prices are very reasonable, service is quick and polite, and the food is great. Also tends to be very quiet, as they haven't done much marketing yet.
Seriously good....don't pass up the greens! Awesome family run restaurant. Get the sampler it won't disappoint, you get a taste of everything.
horrible. inedible. they smothered the rolled tacos in cheese, which didnt help the lack of taste, not to mention that it was just a greasy mess. \ni gave it all to my dog... atleast someone was happy that night.
The bartenders are great and always make our late lunches amusing. The pizza chef manning the oven is an artist. Also, the cheese pizza is addictive. Plus there are happy hour food deals. I'm a fan!
I have yet to eat here,  but next time I am out that way I will be sure to give their pizza a go.  The girl next to me was sure enjoying hers.  Their beer selection is excellent and the atmosphere and decorations inside would make it a great place for date night.
Waited 3hrs to sit. 5:30 to 8:33 the worse system for seating. Don't ever go!
A great location and nice outdoor patio.  The tacos were delicious (I love the sauce that comes on the side), but the server brought me the wrong beer, the tortilla chips were stale, and the salsa tasted really weird.  Not bad, but not great.
AMAZING service and the food was nothing less than perfect! The price was reasonable for the service and the food. I would most definitely recommend this place and looking forward to my next visit.
Great tasting sushi.  We were pleasantly surprised!  we will be back.
A nice & pretty clean theater! Nothing special like the Luxury Theaters -- but can't go wrong with their $5 Mondays special! Seats were still comfortable and it didn't feel so crowded! Great way to end a dinner night!
Excellent flavor, fast cutting cooks, but long lines. Strategy in standing in line will help speed up the process. Must try when in Vegas...
Two for two. This becoming my new favorite place
Management has changed. Service has been a hit or miss since the change. Overall, still a decent place to grab a quick pita sandwich in uptown Charlotte.
What an amazing company! 5 Star Rating, he took care of all my plumbing, very professional \n100% Customer service! Highly recommend this company!
Over crowded. Over priced. Over dull. \nThis is like Hellywood.. Uhmm.. NO THANKS!!!\n\nIt is pretty though, so... 2 stars... LOL....
This is the best tire place I have visited. Guys here are always nice and professional. Even if your just stopping in to get the tires checked and aired up your treated great. Highly recommend this location
Excellent service and grits were super creamy.  I am not an expert in grits but I did like them. Had the southern scramble eggs. were not very fluffy nor did they have much collards. Biscuits were tasty and not too heavy.
I went to get FALFEL today and there is bolts on the doors :( makes me soooo sad face!!!!
Great off the strip alternative walking distance to lots of restaurants.
Best bang for your buck Buffet and delicious too. I take all my friends there and they agree it was the best buffet to start the Vegas experience.
Apparently in the city of Phoenix, Child Abuse is fully acceptable as long as there are no marks on the child.\n\nDespite it being a yet to be 2 year old being punched by a grown, 40 year old man.
Amazing brownies and desserts however, I feel the need to point out that this place is very much so over priced. Brownies are $4.50-$6 a piece!!! \n\nDefinitely a once in a while splurge.
I love this neighborhood gem!
We had blue cheese chips , calamari, white pizza, and crab cakes and beer. All were really good and we got full for  under $100..    The server was friendly ..   It was quick ..\nThe crab cakes had crab in them.
Great staff, food is always hot and tasty. We go once per week on average.
Satified my craving for a Hazelnut Americano.
My family of 4 (including me) had appointments last Saturday. We were late, but all of us were still able to be seen. The staff members were friendly. Dr. Lao was the stand-in doctor that day. He was nice and pleasant to talk with. It was an overall good experience.
Disappointed with the customer service. Received furniture 2 months ago. It was delivered with a stained cushion and wrong size table. Have been told for two months I would get the pieces corrected. Can't get a call back from anyone .
Absolutely magnificent. I love this place. Family took me here for fathers day and have been back three times since. And best of all the price is right.
Hosted a small dinner party for my son, who graduated from CMU last month.  The food was amazing - all 14 people in our party raved - and the staff was so helpful.  I'd go there again, if I make it back to Pittsburgh for any reason.
White cheddar queso with bbq chicken, need I say more?!
Despite being located inside the Mandalay Bay casino Raffles is very reasonably priced and has high quality entrees and generous portions.  Would definitely recommend - after all how can you go wrong with a place that serves breakfast 24 hours a day.
Jumbo burrito? Please that is the sorriest burrito I have ever seen/eaten. The burrito supremes from Taco Bell are bigger and better quality. If they called the burrito \"baby burrito\" I would have given them\n2 stars for their honesty.
I ate the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich.  It was delicious.  I would recommend it if your taste buds enjoy the tropical flavor of pineapple!  The pineapples were not from a can and that's always a plus!
Funky in a good way underground cafe right on St. Catherine.  Blink and you'll miss the staircase- so pay attention because it's a place to remember!\n\nThe most extensive menu of unique food and drink- rad place to come in the freezing cold wintertime.
Great lunch specials!  I got the Chicken Chow Mein, it was really good.  I would definitely go back again.
Really?  Having to pay for chips and salsa at a mexican restaurant? Plus the salsa sucked. \n\nAlso no kids menu. \n\nOn the plus side, the burrito and quesadilla were okay.
The fish and chips were decent, but my husband's shepherd's pie was literally a frozen TV dinner that they'd microwaved - in a black plastic dish and everything. \n\n(Also, the vinegar was definitely watered down. I could barely taste it even after saturating the fish.)
Very, very disappointing. I liked their previous location and the menu. It's sad that they kept the same name after they moved, because the food and the menu choices are very poor.  It has as much relevance to any Indian restaurant, as a Taco Bell to a Mexican place. Will NEVER go back.
Hard to complain, fast service, good prices
I got a pair of high tops for $28 that were originally $80. You can bet your big boooty i was very happy.
My local Bdubs. Great service and excellent food. Never had a problem at this location and always got great service. Coming from Ohio where BW3'S was started, this place is my favorite restaurant/bar!
This was my regular haunt while studying at the University of Edinburgh.  Couldn't be beat for a pint or a dram, and above all else their Mega Nachos.  So good they deserved capitalization.  I miss this place just thinking about it.  The bartenders felt like friends and the atmosphere was relaxed but upbeat.
We stopped while on a ride to just check out the place and have to say the customer service here is Phenomenal.  we ended up demoing a couple of seats and with Joe's help, found just what we needed.  He installed several different seats for us and made the selection process great.  We'll definitely be back.
Amazing coffee! Great staff and a top rate enviroment.
Friendly staff, and convenient location with drive through.  I usually go for coffee, but the bagels are very good.  Feels like a real home town Dunkin'
Closed for business, unfortunately.  We miss you 12 east cafe!!
Standard Macy's and nothing special about it beyond the sheer size. Nothing to write home about.
It's Subway. This one is good, clean, etc. Make sure you say a lot or a little mustard if you get it, otherwise it will be a LOT.
Horrible car wash...... took 40 minutes  and it did not come out clean to a point they have someone washing it by hand before  you  go into the machine and drying it when you get out..... what is the point of having the machine  if it does not clean..... very unhappy
This show was SO MUCH FUN! \n\nWe were served some good drinks and the show was hilarious! Good times with great friends. They can play anything that you request and do a huge variety of different types of music. Definitely check it out if you get the chance! Plus admission if free!
Great food! This is a buffet style restaurant with awesome sushi, king crab legs, and tempura shrimp. The only downside is that they close at strange hours in the middle of the day.
The food here is always awesome..however, the last three times we have been here including today the service was absolutely awful! We got our food before our drinks...the meal was an hour and a half and most of it was waiting on the waitress to bring drinks food etc...a shame really
Comparable to but better than Metro Pizza. Good steak sandwich but a little over priced. There isn't any dine-in available yet but they may open another one soon...
Ummm we got VIP seats, since I was here with high rollers and that means everything is gravy.\n\nSeats were awesome but show...I don't know, perhaps I am just not into magic?
Always Good Noodles Ramen I'm glad they have one on eastern now
Our second time here (drivethru) and their sandwiches are amazingly delicious. It's cheap and I order a vegetarian  sandwich and its ONOS!
The problem is $5 for a 12 ounce glass of domestic beer. Really? 5$ ?  The food is just so so, and also overpriced. 15$ for little baby sliders? Do these greed mongrels think they are in NYC?
Get the falafel!!!\n\nThe falafel is amazing!!the best in vegas!!!
Great food! Enjoy the steak and hummus. One of our favorite spots for a quick lunch.
I love Paradise Bakery, just not this one. On too many occasions have they messed up my order or not had key ingredients for main sandwhiches. I keep returning based on convenient location to my home but no more. \n\nSave your money for another location or different restaurant.
The worst steak I have ever eaten. Applebees has better steak. This place was absolutely terrible. The prices are extremely ridiculous for what you get. Go out of business already.
Great place, lots of parking. Lots of choices for fruits and veggies. They have a nice veggy/vegan section.\n\nThe prices are a little cheaper than the downtown provigo, which is great.\n\nThey also have a student discount on certain days!
Good food. Better service. Nice recommendations by my server. Make sure you get Steve. Or Jessica, she's hot!
Love the tom yum soup with shrimp and pad tai shrimp as well \nEnjoyable service.  \nStarted playing football games on the tv
Good food slow service.  Pizza, macaroni and cheese, chicken sandwich.
Just missed them. They are closed   , I wanted to try the shakes I'll go elsewhere.\nNot much change still the same.
These guys are great!  I took my dog here on a walk in basis to fix a bad cut from another groomer.  They bent over backwards to help me out as well as take the time to make sure they understood what I was expecting.  They were all very friendly and helpfull.  We will most deffinately be returning
Good place to go when you want inexpensive Japanese/ Asian Fusion food.  The sushi is not good, but the other entrees are okay.  My favorite is the Arizona bowl.
Dirty
Honestly I have eaten here about 3 times and I cannot remember what I ate. Yes, it is that memorable. But the Cuban coffee is fantastic, so if that's what you are looking for, here it is! I give it  three stars for the coffee.
Wow really bad service tonight! The lady was rude and cut me off 3 times. Then i asked a simple question and was ignored until I pushed the button and got another girl on the intercom. Really disappointed.
Excellent service, dim sum, & custard-filled desserts!  Open till 10:30 too!  The employees are very friendly.
Excellent beer. And the deep dish Chicago pizza is great., robust sauce and big. My wife had the Caesar salad wrap and she says it was quite good .
Absolutely love their brisket sandwich!\nNothing compares to this sandwich. But I wish they were open until later for those late night cravings!
Beautiful! Was in US Airways terminal.  Plenty of places open and serving at 10:00 pm (when I had left New Orleans at 6:30pm and there was NOTHING serving except UNO pizzas in food stands and rude people telling me it would be 7 minutes and continued to play on her flip phone from the 80s.)
Disappointed. ordered the recommended spicy fish head, however it's smelly.. The owner denied it ...And even got charged for the dish... Overpriced!!!
Needed to reset my ATM PIN.  i hour wait, had to make an \"appointment\" to wait another 10 minutes.  BofA is all about process and not about the customer experience.  The whole transaction took 2 minutes but the drag on my time was over an hour, really?
I took my car in for a repair. The Mazda they rented me was filthy inside and had lots of nicks and scratches.  I had to tell them to come out and look at and fill out a form to address the prior damage.  When I told them the car was dirty, they made no offer to give me another car.
This is by far my favorite!  I know its not technically a Cirque, but it might as well be.  The acrobatics are amazing, and literally made my jaw drop.  This show is the best one in Vegas!  AMAZING!
The tea here is delicious! I got rose tea the first time, and a montreal fog latte the second time. The baristas were very friendly both times. Their teas do take some time to make though, so don't go if you're in a rush.
They didn't accept my vertical driver's license even though it is still legal, I use it everywhere in NYC, and I'm 29. Fuck them and their straight bartenders. Won't be going back.
Wonderful setting but the food is less than desirable. This establishment is less frequented than other establishment which means more food is under the heat lamps longer than usual. The food experience is just really average for a more than average price. Definitely not worth your time and cash.
The food was great but the service is some of the worst I've ever experienced. The manager, Samantha, really needs a lesson in customer service. Completely rude!
Ask for Johnny in the pro shop if your buying any bowling equipment. He's awesome. Very helpful. They didn't have the bowling bag I wanted so he ordered it for me and matched the online bag price. Also helped me pick out balls which I had no clue to buy because I was buying as a gift.
I can't figure out if this one or the one on Camelback is more ghetto. I will say though that between the two, this one seems to have better equipment so I try to hit this one, even if it's 37 blocks out of the way.
Smokey and old but for under $2.00 you get a good breakfast and in my opinion the food quality is what you would find at Denny's or Ihop
Ordered a coconut craze and it tastes like I'm eating frozen yogurt- not the healthy smoothie that I was expecting.  I'll give them another shot and order something different next time.....
Good vibes and decent music.  Hookah is clean with nice smoke however the smoke does get heavy fast.  I do have a problem with all you can smoke for $13 per person with large groups so I settled for a bowl with my group of 5.  Wish it was more reasonable.  Still enjoyable.
Great location for a hotel near Mirage, Venetian, and Caesars Palace (my favorite places to shop!). Check out Mystere while you're here.
This loction is ok. The meals were ok. The service on this vist was exceptionally friendly.
This is a chain that is way overpriced with poor to moderate quality food.  The salad with chicken I had was horrible.  My husband's seared tuna seemed rancid. It was a huge waste of money.
Had a taro milk tea with boba here. Very tasty, well priced, and boba texture was just right. No grainy, hard or soggy boba pieces at all!
I had the truffle crepe and carrot cake desserts. They were phenomenal!! The store/shop is tiny but a great grab and go treat! A must try!
I went on Sunday around 8:20 am and it was already packed. Hearty portions of everything from coffee. The q says is spicy, it really is. Waitress very efficient Olga! Ask Sizzling 'Skillets. Cliques of eggs, cheese, chopped potatoes. Very nice!
5 star Chicago style hot dog!! I've been to Chicago and this hot dog is almost exactly the same.  It's a small mom and pop place with straight to the point service.  Always order the dog with everything on it otherwise you're just not getting the full pleasure of a Chicago style hot dog.
They want money upfront ,the owner very rude. I went to stero city (480-835-1466 ) they charge me $150 to install my alarm. That is half of what other charge. And they  did a-1 job.
I loved their services. It was easy to schedule my appointment online and they called me back later that day to confirm it.  They showed up on time which I've had issues with other cleaning companies. They were respectful of my home and puppy and they did extra work and were happy and funny. I would definitely recommend  Best Maid AZ.
I drove by this location earlier today and was a little sad that they were closed for good... then I realized, who needs Borders when you have a perfectly good Half Price Books across the street? And a B&N nearby?
He is great. Super friendly, does a great job and very reasonably priced.. As a new home owner he is helping me understand how my pool equipment works. I highly recommend Benito.
Very disappointed with meal & service!  Shrimp over cooked & tough. Charged $2.95 for each ice tea which is outrageous then charged for refills.We definitely will not be back. The service was terrible.  Slow very slow
Salads all day. I've had almost every salad they make. All of them are amazing. My favorite is the steak salad hands down.
Good spot to hang for a little bit
It doesn't require many words to say how impressed I am with this place... flawless food, delicious espresso, friendliest staff of anywhere I've ever been, and always consistent in what they do. Beautiful atmosphere and decor, wouldn't change a thing.
This place is pretty good! Nice sitting area and good selection of meats, noodles, sauces, and vegetables to choose from. There's also a soup/rice bar. Under 10$ for lunch and you definitely will have leftovers!
The food has always been pretty good. Tuna was excellent.  Service was good but the guy never smiled-must have been having a bad day.  Always do dinner around 5-6:00.  It is a very beautiful and romantic setting.  Worth it for special occasions.
I've experienced better. The waiter was nice. I started out with a puckery Grape Cosmopolitan. Then ordered a 12 oz NY steak and a nice Merlot to pair. Experience was okay.
compare to cosmopolitan, I were more prefer to go cosmopolitan because their food is more impressed to me. and avoid to wait for 3hours in line, we go at eary morning for brunch in xmas holiday. $51/person for xmas brunch, I didn't feel its worth.
Used to be a lot of fun, but prices went up and service went down.\nFinding new place to hang out with friends!
It may be that NY style pizza does not do much for me, but after hearing so many rave reviews about this place, I gave it a go and it was underwhelming. It is model NY pizza and nothing more.
I highly recommend Dr. Quackenbush and the staff. Everyone is caring and so good with kids!
Great out of the way restaurant.  Love having a restaurant not on the strip.  Awesome wine list, along with amazing food.  Best eggplant appetizer that I have ever had.  This is a 'muist go' if you are in Las Vegas!!!
A bit pricey, which is to be expected in an airport, but the food was so-so.
Yo THIS SPOT IS THAT LOW KEY FLAME. 1 of 4 higher end burger spots I like to attend. They even had great Mac n cheese. Staffs chill, they keep it very homely. Expect to pay 10-20 tho.
The food was satisfactory but the prices were amazing! Tried the beef ramen and I would definitely come again for it if I was on a budget. Friendly staff
Come here to fill yourself up with veggies, simple pastas, soups and some soft serve ice cream.  Each location is the same and you can have your food exactly the way you want!
The wait staff is lacking. However the food is good and decently priced. Breakfast has two specials that aren't on the menu that are a great deal.... when you check into the hotel they give you a little pass book with all that info. Also two for one yards of alcohol are fun!
Food was very good and the portions are huge. But mostly, super friendly and efficient staff!! My husband is a type 1 diabetic and was having a scary low blood sugar episode during lunch and the wait staff brought him glasses of orange juice and a brownie.  Even before that they were quick and attentive. Would definitely go again.
This KFC SUCKS! 2night the drive thru clerk asked,\"Like to try our grilled wings?\" I said \"yes.\" She said, \"sorry- we don't have any.\" WTF?
First time trying out this place ordered a breakfast burrito but I never had a burrito come in all wet and how are you suppose to hold and eat when it's all wet? Little disappointed.
Pretty standard hotel - I can't really think of anything that stood out to me in terms of service or experience, so this is going to be a pretty short review!
They have really great food, however don't expect food to come out quick. Sometimes service is amazing and other times it's pretty meh. Still it's a really good food spot if you just want to chat and have lunch with someone.
They used to have crazy sales...not anymore...if you need it, they have it
Great place for BBQ for lunch. Served cafe style. Home made root beer on tap. Sausage was a little dry but the ribs and brisket are awesome. Parking is around back and the seating is large so you always have a table.
long story short, the place is the worst experience i have had in years.  the blooming onion greasy the salad sparse one waiter must have taken a bath in his cologne,  and finally  the steak cooked medium rare was tough as shoe leather\n\ni will never go back to that poor excuse of a restaurant
Oh my goodness!! You just gotta go.
Decent grub, pretty poor service (okay it was her first day, she said) and mediocre atmosphere... Thinking you either have to be a true dive Mexican place with awesome food, or hit Cantina instead.
Love islands, great French fries and great chips and salsa, very clean and the staff is great. Recommend this place for a cheap and tasty meal
Fun place to wander for a bit. The coolest parts were the tanks that went over and around the hallways, making you feel like you were right in the tank! This was also reasonably priced for Vegas. Relaxing and calm compared to the strip!
I always get sick to my stomach after eating here. Ugh. I gave it one too many chances. And it's not even like it makes me sick but the service is great, no it's all just terrible! Don't eat here unless you need to barf for some reason. Lol.
Really like this place little far from home for me but enjoy it! Little crazy at times super crowded.
Surprised, but it actually was good ... yes, Pizza Hut and good. At least at 10:30AM, this is the place to be!
They do good work. But you have to wait!  Even when I make a appointment I still have to wait. Good work, nice staff, only downside is the wait
Xiomara has been doing my hair for over a year, she is very friendly an professional! I get cut, color, and extensions done with her. Ive never been happier with a stylist!!
This is a new Circle K so it is large, clean and has many snacking options.
Excellent pizza, great calzones. Delivery is a little slow but worth the wait!
Cheap and good food. Had the chili dog this time. What a deal $3.99 for a huge chili dog. Tasted pretty good too. They also have Chinese food here.
Ate lunch there today rate almost 4stars! Burger was good but no enough onions and cheese and bacon didn't jump out at me! Fries good better than average. Great comfortable and great service! Malts looked great but didn't try one! Will try again when I return in October !
Pretty good burgers. A bit pricey but on par with other airport eateries. Service was kind of lacking.
Not only are they knowledgeable about repairs, they're fast, accommodating, and honest. We've been in three times with two different vehicles and each time they've made the repairs without gouging our wallets or our time. I'll definitely go to Auto Tech as long as I'm in Vegas.
What a gem! We had a spectacular meal at a great price. The filet was as good as it can get. The escargot was the best we have had anywhere in the world. Can't say enough good things. We though your waiter, Roger, was the owner. The service was awesome. We will be back!
not as new as some others on strip street
I do not gamble but the casino here appears to be pretty nice.
I picked up my finished pieces (see pics)!!
Great stuff for fast food...
Four of us had breakfast here. Service was good, food was out fast. We each had a basic breakfast of eggs, bacon, hash browns. Nothing special here. $75!! When will I learn my lesson and stop eating in hotels and just walk a block to Denny's?
This Indian food was soo delicious. It was not too expensive. My friend and I split a Veg Thali special and it was more than enough. So much flavor. Wish I never got full so I could keep eating.
Great service, love the Gyro and Athens Fries
Yummy and cheap!  My husband and I tried out Big Wong and we both enjoyed it.  I tried the fried pork and he got the sirloin.  We just dumped the juices we got on the big cup of rice and enjoyed.
Stopped in here for a late lunch one day and had there burger and fries. Everything was great and we will go back. Looks like they have a whole lot to offer the night crowds especially on the weekends.
We came here on a Friday for lunch and wanted to sit on the rooftop because the weather was beautiful. Unfortunately the rooftop isn't open durning the week until dinner time. Food is good but would have been nice to enjoy the nice weather and beautiful scenery the restaurant can but didn't offer.
They went above and beyond to make me happy
A few days after Rob had cleaned our carpets, I noticed a pet urine odor in one of the rooms. The previous owners had a dog that must have used this room as his toilet. I called Rob and for a nominal fee he returned to clean and treat the room with urine enzyme killer. The smell is gone. Thanks Rob!
This place is amazing! I wish they would open in Silicon Valley. I have tried the Rosa,The Margarita and my favorite in the Wise Guy. Every pizza is perfectly cooked and delicious.\nCan't wait to go back.
I've been here twice so far and the staff has been very nice. But the store itself is very dirty. Both times the floor is unswept, fingerprints all over the glass and the tables are not wiped down. The drinks and food are good, average Starbucks quality. Someone here needs to get out a mop.
The food tasted amazing. Really, some of the best Sea Bass I've ever had. But the service was lacking. They rushed us through the whole meal just to turn the table. I'm talking literally taking plates away when people are still eating. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
Family friendly activities!\n\nIt was a flashback to my childhood skate parties.  The kids had a blast and the staff was pretty good at keeping track of the floor so the little ones didn't get run over.
Really bad parking more than one hour to get a space , from 1st floor to 4th floor it's all reserved for valet parking & hertz rental , then one of the elevator is really bad ( left side )
They have the best Reuben in the area.  There home made chips and ranch dressing are great.  The tomato and mozzarella appetizer is delicious and more like a meal than an appetizer.
Not just coffee, but don't forget the tea!  Great loose leaf blends and knowledgeable staff to coach on steeping times and the varieties.  They could even cite the amount of caffeine in each. Very impressive.... cannot wait to try the coffee.
Incredible. One of the best dinners I have ever had. \n\nGreat service and atmosphere. \n\nEverything on the menu is delicious. \n\nThis is a MUST try place.
Perfectly fine bar located uptown amongst some other more upscale places.  I can't really find bad things to say about the place as I've only visited a handful of times and each time has been fun and service at the bar, great.  It's not my first choice hangout by no means but it does well in a pinch.
Worst service EVER. Had a party of 20 people for a birthday and waited an hour between drinks. Blunt, rude and disrespectful.
Just got out of work, decided I'd go to Carl's. I order my food and its descent. But what really made me give the place two stars would be the service. It was horrible. Never coming back to this location.
Best B.A.D. bingo! They have the usual lights and music, but they also have some very entertaining staff that conduct games/contests before the bingo starts and they have great drink specials. The only downside is that It's always busy so get there early and be prepared to wait in line.
The place has it all, good appetizers, great draft beer selection, nice atmosphere, and tons of wonderful food choices.  \n\nThe wife and I eat here weekly and haven't had a bad dish yet.  Sit at the bar and say hello to Melissa for me, she is fantastic.  You won't be disappointed.
oh man love the team work there every one was so helpful, the food is really yummy thanks for the fantastic service and  keep up the great team work. :)
Originally we stopped by for... Well, Nachos and after sitting at the bar for 15 minutes, the bar tender came over to tell us the kitchen was closed ( current time: 11:10) with a lovely attitude. Fine- we didn't stay.
Far and away, my favorite shopping destination on the planet. Seriously. It has everything I want and even some things that I need. Valet is good and efficient, there is literally somethingnfor everyone here. Even if you cant think of anything else do to, its a great time killer.
good food, staff very helpful and nice local spot.
The customer service is horrible here. The people serving the food dont look clean. The food is all so greasy and bleh. \nI would not mind if I dont go in there again.
I love Dr. Drake and Carolann. You get small town service and care. He truly loves animals and Carolann is so helpful and sweet. I can't say enough about how much Percy and I love this vet.
It's ok.  The tacos are good.  The salsa is good.  The enchiladas are not good.  The rice is boring.  The beans are ok.  The tostada was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong things.
Coctail service is there but takes a lifetime to actually get your drink. Slot Machines are the worst paying I have ever expirenced, Period. Its ashame becasue it is a great location and nice clean property. It's just the payback is so terrible.
Tyler did another great job of grooming Hamish, our Border Terrier.  We would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a groomer in Vegas.
Had an absolutely delicious anniversary dinner!! && FYI Bang Bang Shrimp Appetizer is a must!!
Pedicures from Ocean Nails last longer any pedicure I have ever had. They are very detail oriented and so good at what they do!
It took 7 minutes to even greet us at the table. All the servers and hospos were up at the front looking at us while we were looking around for a server. To make matters worse during this 7 minutes the manager was check in with all the tables to see how everything was going and skipped our table completely.
Wish I'd yelped before agreeing to eat here! Pseudo Japanese \"food\" made with generic, untasty ingredients. Be prepared to use a LOT of soy sauce.
Great place! I went here for the first time today. Very cool urban environment and very roomy. The staff wasn't mean but weren't too friendly either. Also was pretty loud music so sometimes I couldn't hear my friend talking!
We order at least once a month and it never fails to disappoint. The vegetables are cooked perfectly every time and the sauces are fantastic! Kung Pao is my favorite.
Food will not knock your socks off. Food borders on ordinary to bland. Frozen beverages taste like flavored sugar. Definitely over rated. Plus place is always packed!
Typical Starbucks. Usually very busy (nowhere to sit on weekends), and is not a big store at all. Since it is smaller, the selection of coffee mugs and other paraphernalia that they sell is not very big. Staff is nice, though!
Good and clean store.  Bright lighting and friendly employees.  People look very happy working there.  Cheap prices for some items, definitely a place to go to if you don't have a lot of money to spend at all those fancy department stores.
I have been here 3 times now.  I can't complain. Hot means Hot here.
Ordered two of the princess paws. Greg was able to make one a boy for me. They turned out perfect! They delivered when promised as well! The customer service and quality is what makes it 5 star. I live way north west and will still utilize then in the future.
Nice location. Good food. Fresh pita bread. You can't go wrong with this place. Busy during lunch time but it worth it.
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!\n\nworst crepe ever!! i got the standard nutella with berries/cream....it was disgusting!
not impressed. My salad was $17 for lunch!! and also NOT WORTH IT. Very pricey for what you get.
Had to pick one star,  this place deserves a 0 star rating.  Easily the worst bbq I've ever had,  all the meat was dry and the chicken tasted like kerosene.  The dinner cost me 20 bucks. I'd rather buy a bullet and put it into my skull before I eat there again.
The sign looks like it could pass as a preschool, needless to say I was skeptical. \n\nAfter trying it today I couldn't say anything bad, the food was outstanding and the atmosphere is very nice. Lamb and coconut chicken is recommended!
Great experience and amazing engagement ring. Ordered an engagement ring from MDC Diamonds after seeing their selection of rings and diamonds online. I received the ring today and I couldn't be happier with the quality of the ring and the customer service I received throughout the process.
the buffet was ok.  i dont think there's too many options.  i used a coupon for 2 for $40 with beer and wine.  the food was just average.
I went for the dollar beer again and met a friend for dinner.  I had the grilled chicken buffalo wrap.  The flavor was good but I think they use canned chicken for the grilled chicken and the bacon was rubbery but other than that it was not too bad.  The homemade potato chips that they served with the wrap were excellent.
Great bar, if you love beer this is a must visit bar for you. They constantly rotate taps. Misty is the best bartender and will take care of you. The food is high quality especially for a bar. Come on Sunday for half off growler fills.
i don't think my review will be matter as tourists will still go there anyway.  overall the food was OK.  the desert was the best part of the meal.  I just don't think it is wroth for the calories you will consume.  We are done with buffet for good!
Gluten free pizza with lots of toppings offered.  Outdoor seating and even Gf brownie, though I wasn't a fan.  Close to the uptown area without the traffic
This is good Chinese food.  The Pork Fried Rice is to die for.  Great prices and large portions you can't go wrong.
Insanely hot wasabi covered bar snacks.
amazing! need i say more!?
Place was clean and service was ok . Food was not bad but not good . It was just ok . I had high hopes being in Westgate .
a.k.a - The Cheesecake Factory.  This place is definitely the sister restaurant, nay, the twin restaurant to the Cheesecake Factory.
Frank's doesn't do the pressure sales of added services etc. like Jiffy Lube and some others...   The place is clean, workers friendly, and they give complimentary beverages while you wait.  They cleaned my car inside and out and even left me a bottle of water in my beverage holder for the road.... nice touch
Delicious lunch specials. We had the basil, panang, and fried rice. Washed it down with thai tea. Very authentic and a nice atmosphere.
Horrible service every time.
Food was ok\n\nthe oatmeal was actually pretty good, the bagel sandwich was alright, and their omelette was decent\n\nwould've given this place 4 stars because of food quality and convenience, but gave it a 3 instead because of slow service, and it's overpriced
Food took forever to cone out and was cold when it did. Nobody ever checked on us and we saw our waitress a whole three times between our food arriving and paying our bill.  Despite the restaurant being empty, the manager never checked on us.  This place obviously is not in business because of the service.
Average food, but expected. Service slow and inconsistent. Air temp in restaurant about 60 degrees do bring a light jacket.
Shakes are great. Lack of \"veggie\" burger was disappointing. Tried the falafel burger & it was so overcooked they took it off the bill. Prices are high. Not returning.
Excellent great guide in Dan my wife and sister law went weekend before me and my friend had so much fun had to go following weekend drove from Laughlin to Bolder Dan very knowledgable. Thanks for GREAT TIME
Great bar. Friendly staff and amazing prices. Wish they served food other wise perfect place to hang out at and play all the bar games you can think.
Stopped in on 1/22 for a Gyro and it was delicious.  Take out service was fast and friendly.  I want to go back and try the Pistachio.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  Prices very reasonable as well.
This place is great....find Andrew at the bar and he will not steer you wrong.  Everything is amazing and food for all tastes.  Don't pass this one up!
No wifi, really??  The internet in the room was not even working
Stayed here for EDC 2013. \nGreat time. Nice rooms.\nGaming don't pay out too well.\n\nI will be back.
The best pizza in town!  Great service and food came out quickly, especially on a busy Friday night.  Our server Cesar was courteous and professional. You gotta try this place if you love good pizza.
cute place to grab a cocktail and some late nite Italian food. cute family owned place. our bartender was daughter of the owner, very friendly.
I enjoyed all the food! The angry spider was a-mazing! Here visiting family and it was all smiles! Service was slow but it allowed me and my family to bond more.
Food is excellent but not professional.  i complemented the cook he wasn't friendly. I usually take out. I don't like that ambience..Biriany Not meaty enough n  portion became smaller. I find it pricy.
Denise did a wonderful job on my eyes. I had the eyeliner on the top and bottom done. It is a tattoo so needless to say it was a little painful. What beauty is painless?! I did let my anxiety get the best of me and poor Denise had to stop a million times!
Great flavor. Nice decor, good variety of cuisine. Expectational gourmet selection.  Very good service, great spot in the hotel.  I would recommend this place on a Friday night before a show or before hitting one of the clubs.  Come see the manager johnny V.  Hospitality pro.
Great food and great service! Highly recommend the prime rib Benny and ask for Michelle!
Place is really nice and pretty good service so far.  It would be nice if they got rid of the crappy draft domestic beer and put more craft beer on their 24 taps.  It would also help if the bartenders were actually educated on the craft beer they do serve on draft.
Be warned!  The owner of this place...John? Doesn't have a filter and has inappropriate language around kids.  Not to mention he smokes in his own bathroom!  Who does that? You can't go outside?  Wouldn't that be against city code? The other barber is okay thus the two stars. Not going back.
What a great local bar!  Good drink specials, friendly staff and locals.  We stopped in for a quick drink after dinner.  Next time I really want to try food!  Will be back when I come to town.
Cockroach on the food. Poor service, rude cashier overall rating is not even half a star. We had to call 911 for them to refund our money because there was a COCKROACH on the food and they said it was impossible but it was there.
I used to love this place but the quality has gone so downhill over the past few years. They've substituted unique dishes with cheap, low quality ingredients. It seems they stopped caring circa 2007.
Went here for the elaborate chicken and waffles, and granted I had a hangover...I still finished it all since it was so delicious!
I liked the around the world sampler but one of them taste like mouthwash and toothpaste, eww
Good local place.. Ive only been once, the Carmel Macchiato was great and had me wired all day. Good friendly service. Has a local owned feel, not a modern chain feel to it.\nClose to my house so Ill go again.
Probably the most terrible customer support I have ever encountered. after being berated by the office manager over the substance of my call I was then told in other words to go to hell. I will NEVER receive services here.
Hi I like to thank all workers at this location you Gus doing good jab I will see you next time I will be in Vegas and that will be next week I rally have good time playing drinking and eat so thank you and seeyaaa
Usually the classic hotels are bad this one is no exception my friend is staying there for the weekend and the place its not bad, I was expecting worsts, so I guess is a good thing
I come here every week. I love their fish tacos! The manager and staff are so, so nice and I sit outside with my puppy Leo.
Went there for first time today.  Delicious, fresh & flavorful doughnuts.  Friendly staff. \nI highly recommend this excellent local bakery.
Not a big fan but Tax free yeah!  Off base has more selection and you can find deals. Unless your buying a high price item i would shop elsewhere. The lines get bad so don't be in a rush.
Food was best breakfast we have had - Half and Half with Protein Pancakes and omelet is best thing on menu!   Service was eggcellent!  We wanted to go back the next day to have another breakfast there before we left town.
Was ok. Place is quaint. Not many food options. Asked for an americano coffee to arrive with my breakfast sandwich but the coffee never came. Food was good. Next time I'll try somewhere else.
When I lived in Charlotte this was one of my favorite places to catch a movie.  I stopped going as often once the Stonecrest Cinemas opened but I would still go.  The Phillips Place Stadium 10 has plenty of before and after movie options.\n\nParking can be an issue on Friday and Saturday evenings.
I went here in the winter, so unfortunately I missed the bright beautiful blooms, but it was a fun trip in itself.  Make sure you time your visit to go on a tour: you'll learn more about cacti than you ever thought was possible.
Typical walmart, gets the job done. I use this one as it is a 5min drive max and has everything that I need whenb I need it. People are helpful and have helped me find/ get stuff. Prices in produce and food are decent and you can get your shopping list done in one spot.
Does anyone know where Christine went? Or have her contact number? please let me know thanks!\n\nupdate: found her, if you are looking for Christine pm me.
I had a hazel nut mocha and my son a hot chocolate. It's was good and a good change in atmosphere.
They were so friendly and inviting! I strongly recommend it for lunch or dinner. Sushi was fresh and delicious!
Great joint! A Las Vegas legend and the ultimate throw back to the vintage years of Vegas.  A little Karaoke, a couple of drinks and excellent atmosphere make this watering hole - NUMBER ONE!!\n\nStop by and visit. Mingle with the friendly patrons and relax.  No Expensive drinks here!!
went on a sat nite due to a Friends recommendation. atmosphere great food not so much. veal tasted stale  & steak Caruso was very bland.endless table wine a plus
The service here is great! They are so reliable and so efficient! I had my iPhone fixed here with RJ and my phone is just like new. I would definitely recommend this place!
There's a good selection of frozen drink options here.  The 190 Octane was average, but the Bellini was disgusting.  It was super sweet and tasted waaaay too artificial.  The prices are very affordable and it's worth trying.  Next time, I'll get something else.
Cute little and red\nVery tasty
The service was great, food was delish, and decor was nice. You can order your food on a hot scale( 1-10) depending on your ability to take the heat. Really tasty, good quality.
Had the turkey on wheat bread. Bread was great, where's the shredded turkey? I probably had 3 tablespoons total on my full sandwich. I'll stick with Jimmy Johns everyday of the week.
Flight rebooked and these folks made every effort to be nice, accommodate, and go the extra MIke (the guy who did it)
I'm at an impasse here. The service was jumpy in terms of friendliness. The food was good enough and I suppose it wasn't too much (say 10-17 dollars a plate), but it certainly wouldn't be my first choice.
It's ok not a huge fan but its what I have close to me so I guess it'll do. Love their pizza though :-)
I should not even give them one star they are FUCKING horrible. Customer service is horrible!!! Needs new staff and manager. Never again! Don't waste your time or money here!
Ate dinner here tonight. Fantastic atmosphere and food. The happy hour specials are fantastic and the food is perfection. Good wine and a good time! Also, there was a live musician, Cameron, playing on the patio and he was the perfect addition to the atmosphere. Highly recommend!
This place is awesome! Smells of candy when you walk in. The custard is rich, and the ice is delish. But haven't found anything that competes with those Chy-town Italian ice vendors.
Top notch pho. Open 24 hours and they don't water down the broth for white people like so many pho places do! Don't cab here late night no cabs will come to Chinatown late. Also LV still hatin on Uber. Great selection of soups too.
It was clean and comfortable. I'm giving it a 4 because I was bothered at twice by the room attendants despite having my \"Do Not Disturb\" sign out.
Seriously bad!  No flavor to the pizza at all.  Tasted like the sauce was made from ketchup.  Wings were OK at best and they forgot the ranch for our salad with delivery.  Would not recommend.  Spend your hard earned money elsewhere!
We enjoyed this lounge for a private cocktail party
Food was good here, nothing that blew me away mind you. The service was very lacking. Our waiter was none existent. The iced tea came served with simple syrup, a nice touch.
Nothing  special  here besides  the  the name. The  waitress  wasn't  really  interested  in working  and the food  wasn't  good.  I had the rib 's and the birthday  cake tasted just like the box it came out of.  I give it two stars  just because  the place  has a  nice look but we came for the food.
Spicy chicken sandwich was really tasty. Southern style, so pickles and mayo. Still fast food, but tastes pretty fresh. If you have kids, they have a great play land. Staff were very friendly. If wait til after the holidays til the hype dies down though.
During the night shifts, get your drinks from Wil, he always has a smile on his face and makes an awesome cocktail.
These sandwiches are amazing.  We had a catering for a night of long IT work and ordered from Heidi's all the different sandwiches we could figure.   Great thick bread, delicious meats and fresh vegetables with fixings and a pickle!  NOM NOM NOM!
This place has the best pizza I've ever tasted I would highly recommend going there you won't be disappointed. Wings are awesome too.
Stopped in for lunch today.  Nice atmosphere, decent food but nothing special.  Server was pleasant but our food took over 45 minutes to bring out (only salads and sandwiches amongst the group).  I don't think I would go back on my own but would not resist if it was a group decision.
I used to really like Tex Tubb's, but the place has gone down hill. I ordered a burrito and the rice and beans inside tasted like plastic. I think they were from the night before. I wouldn't recommend this place and I won't be back.
food ok a little pricey but good. it is probably a better spot if you like to drink
so I walked over in 100 degree weather because online it said they had burger sliders.. I get there come to find out they don't. I am sad :( but everything else looked good and over priced tho
Really wanted to order takeout,  as I've wanted to try this place since they opened...... But ended up ordering elsewhere as there is no readable menu posted.... Fail
Father Joe is amazing and inspiring. He straight forward and humorous. He drives the word and motivates
I really like the new location they moved to on Paradise!  The previous one was just TOO SMALL!  There was a time when I was eating here a couple nights a week.  It's great for any size group.  I sometimes stop in and have lunch there on my own.  I just can't stay away!
It was okay. Just okay. Meat was cooked well and sides were okay. Two couples with standard meals plus dessert split a check for near $100 each couple. Not worth it.
Nice staff but a little slow to make the order compared to other SB's I've visited.
I hope you like your prime rib rare  I ordered three cuts all different well/ med/ rare and they. Al came the same way   Besides the low quality meat they use and crapy bread they put on your table   I have had better prime  for 5.99. What a joke I won't be back
This was my first visit..food was delicious!! Or waitress april was theeee best!!!
The food is always lovely. Nice portions and appealing presentation. They are known for their pastries and the pastries do not disappoint. \n\nThey are usual packed for breakfast so go early or be prepared to wait. \n\nService range is adequate to stellar but usually mediocrity reigns supreme.
Little bit bland food wise, good value for money hole in the wall place
I thought this was pretty fun. My fiance and I enjoyed working the case. Some of it wasn't very challenging, but it was something to do. Sign up for the M club!!! It's practically 2 for the price of 1 if you join. I would have liked to do the other two cases, but we were tired.
We refer to this as the \"bad Chipotle\" and go out of our way to visit the one on Old Sauk instead. I thought Chipotles were supposed to be standard but the preparation if the food here is sub par.
I would give this place less than a one star if possible, the service was awful, the food even worse. Don't waste your $ or time.
Pretty standard Home Depot, love this place
Trek here was grueling. Dinner did not satisfy my taste buds. Prices were high. \n\nME NO LIKEY.
Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!
This restaurant is a real gem. The food is so fresh and flavorful.  The menu is creative, service is great....I could go on and on.  I've been here several times and everything is consistent.  Looks like they have a nice Happy Hour, too.
Wasn't expecting to get such great BBQ! The brisket was amazing and the pulled pork sandwich was probably the best I ever had. Keep up the great work fellas!
Don't rent here. There are so many unsolved issues here. You become a number when you move in here. .
It wouldnt matter if I had all the riches in the world its just not my style all the uppity, high-end clothing & jewelry, to me its just not impressive. Yeah it sure is expensive but Not my cup of tea.
Great products of course, and has the best smoothies in all of Madison! The smoothies are expensive, but worth it. Try the Green Machine or Breakfast of Champions.The coop is staffed by and attracts a crowd of intense hippies. . If you can, bring your own bags or you will get a funny look!
Misled by Ortho about NO CO-Payment. They lied to my wife & after many  visits sent her a bill . Rest assured we will never go there again. their service also leaves a lot to be desired.
Get out!\n(No seriously... get out.)\nNothing beats a brew in one of Madison's best beer gardens. With a shady roof overhead (love that newer addition) and tables for you and an army of your friends, this is quickly becoming my fave locale for keeping hydrated.
Amazing selection on hand and helpful staff to boot. I was able to find sigtac accessories for my P229 that I'd been unable to locate elsewhere in NC or SC.  They have a magnificent selection of ammo, safety gear, an safes.  Good shop!
Perfect fusion I sushi and tapas! Get the tensai shooter! It is delicious!
The girl behind the counter was very welcoming and pleasant. She asked us how our weekend was going - a little thing that goes a long way for a quality experience. The restaurant was very clean, which was confirmed by their 99.0 sanitation rating on the wall. Great place & we will definitely come back!
Bring back chocolate destruction!!! Best desert ever! Food is good but need to bring back that desert that's why we go.
If their photo machine (They HAD two) breaks down, don't expect a quick solution. Out of stock item needs to be ordered, NOT HAPPPENING! They are a \"Convenient\" store. INCONVENIENT (For locals)
First time here and the Challa and the butter cookies were \"to-die-for\"!!\n\nGreat service great baked goods and we will be back.....over & over & over!
Went here in late November and ended up buying Christmas presents for all the ladies in my family! There was stuff for young and young at heart! I loved how the store is divided by colors. The staff was ok, some more helpful than others. I will definitely be back.
The Edamame Cashew Burger is amazing!
Typical sports bar, other then being owned by Dan Majerle. Nice location, right on the metro rail.  Bit on the pricy side.
Had the Lil Amadi and it was delicious. Chicken was crispy and waffle had a great cinnamon taste. Also the drinks come in huge mason jars.
I went here on a Saturday evening for a wine tasting benefit organized by a friend.  The all white decor was a little much.  A wanna be Vegas or Miami look.  There was also a unique crowd.  Lots of older couples who were trying too hard to prove they were still young and hip.
Place is just always great! Had the green chile stew and love the burn! Never fails! Gonna have to bring my wife for the fish special! It looks phenomenal!!!
over rated & way over priced. the food was very good. the service was great. botero across the street at the encore is a better. the ox tail soup was great.
As I am Japanese, this is true Japanese Izakaya Restaulant with great quality for price. Many selection of Alcohols, open late, food quality,services...everything is great!! Highly recommend!!!
I wanted to try the samosa that they had started to serve, turned out to be good, but not as good as a typical Indian samosa would be. The service was pretty slow had ordered an orange juice with it, so don't know what took them so long.
OK wax here. $10 eyebrow. Very standard for a nails place however when I walked in they fought for a while about who would take me to wax. Got a young girl. She seems fine but didn't really seem very experienced. Fine end result. Ill honestly probably come again because it was cheap and close.
After posting this, I went in and asked for a cash refund, as I was not interested in returning and would not use a credit.  As mentioned by the owner, I was given the cash refund I requested.  I stand by all my other statements.
Best fetticini Alfredo I've ever had.  I can't go to other restaurants and order it because nothing compares to theirs.  Garlic knots are yummy too.
The food and portions are good. As for customer service and \"aloha\" atmosphere..did not see it or feel it from the staff. Seemed not friendly and no smiles. Sorry I would have rated this better if the staff was more customer service friendly. Other Hawaiin restaurants have  better customer service.
Great food, excellent selection of wines. The staff make you feel welcome and are eager to please. Always ask about the specials, and their wine dinners are always great.
This food was so good that I literally didn't want to swallow, just wanted to keep chewing ! Highly recommend Wagyu beef tacos, rock shrimp, shaved ice, black miso cod. Also had amazingly fresh sushi
Typical unoriginal sports spot with a paltry selection of brews and mediocre food. This venue is a reflection of the area's palate who's tastes are dictated to them via corporate America.
generally like this company, but today i felt i was overcharged.  Had a slow drain on a bathroom sink.  He had it fixed in under 15 minutes, it didn't require any parts (just labor), and after my 10% discount I still ended up paying over $100 for 15 minutes of labor.  It seemed excessive.
The place was cool. The drinks were reasonably priced, no cover and the music was lit. The people were okay but I think it was because we got there too early
Massage was great, but only 3 stars because the common area is not seperate from the men.  We share a sauna, steam room, hot tub, etc.  I wasn't thrilled about having to wear my swimsuit and having men stare at me.
Tuesday nights, free bacon and $1 beers! what more can you ask for?
Very nice little place with plenty of things to see, from kinck-knacks to funiture... Most everything is very reasonably priced. The owner is super nice and will go out of her to way to help you! She put her life into opening this shop, stop in a take a look!
damn good hotdog overhyped or not\nthe chili is great in moderation \nbut the dog was perfectly spiced,just a damn good dog
GREAT lunch specials $6.50 i think it is. Pretty Tasty. Good Portions. Friendly Staff. and always QUICK!!!
I recently read that the Pin Up Shows contract was extended another year.  What is Statosphere thinking.  All I can say is...someone must be paying Statosphere to run this terrible show....do Not waste your time or money.
In line with LVH, this bad food. Breakfast is the just basic with no quality, same as sandwich/lunch. Obviously you may end up there since there is no real food option at this hotel but if you want dinner, benhihana is better and for bfast or lunch then try something else.
I recently purchased new hearing aids and could not be happier. I was extremely pleased with the total experience at Tobin Hearing Center. The entire staff is courteous, personable and competent. I was very impressed with Jim Tobin who is very professional and explained things thoroughly. I would highly recommend Tobin Hearing Center to anyone with a hearing problem.
LOVE circle G! I live nearby and it's always a great place to get some good ol southern food done right. Prices are super reasonable and portions are hugggge! the service is always great here. They sure do take care of you at the circle G!
Quick service and pretty large for a casino bar. Plenty of seating on the couple of times I've been.
I was very surprised how good the food was and how fast they delivered. I had the salt & pepper shrimp, with pork won ton and house fried rice. All were served warm and very tasty.
Just another gas station. Nothing special.\n\nThe price was quite cheap, so I decided to fill up my tank here.\n\nThe station is quite dirty (litters all over the place).
Poor service at lunchtime.  \n\nFood quality of veggies was a bit underwhelming considering the fact that this place is rated so high.  The sauce for the Prik King was not my favorite, and I usually order this at every Thai restaurant I can to test.\n\nGood Thai Iced Tea!
Second time here. Signature tasting menu with the wine pairing. I'll let the expert put together the way they think it should be.  It was excellent.  Service was excellent.  Ambience was nice.
I love the tres leche, salted carmel and white chocolate cupcake and the pecan pie. Yummy! If you need a sugar fix, head right on over you will not be disappointed. They are also really nice at the counter at least everyone I've spoken to the times I have gone in.
awful and dirty.  This place has food, and no one wears gloves, they touch everything.
One of our favorite staple restaurants for good American style food done right.  It is essentially a neighborhood bar with some tables to eat, but they put much effort and thought into having a menu that utilizes grill vs deep-fried and fresh ingredients.  The service is always decent, and the food always good.  Try the smoked brisket, its the best!
Monkey.
Had a lovely stay at the Mirage. Decent rooms, good food and restaurants, relaxing spa with an Amazing massage, Fun Times!
Great food been coming for a few years. My grandson loves it. especially the servers. \nand the price is just right!
Really cool place with great views.  I stayed here and got a great bottle deal with my room. Only warning for folks during the hot vegas summer months, the artificial turf gets stupid hot. You must wear shoes and not go barefoot or it will burn your feet
Make your bowl. The place was big and clean. Very polite staff.
The staff was very impolite. Everythin is over priced. I would try the places in Marketplace before ever coming here.
Although there's nothing technically wrong with the hotel, the $13/day they charge for internet access is criminal.  Here's a tip: you can get 90 minutes of free access by requesting a code from the Networks bar downstairs.  I wish I would have learned that ahead of time.
No HEAT late Sunday (January) night and no one around to tell.  45 degrees for a 3 hour movie.  Too many options to go back here! Good Luck!
lov this place,nice shows the architectural structure of this place is amazing.love the classes that hey offer at reasonable prices!
This is good.. sort of a Vegas tradition for us now to eat here once per visit.\n\nIt's basically just a window, but crepes are not a normal sight, so stop by once, for breakfast, or for dessert.
Heard so much about these sandwiches, and decided one Saturday to take an overnight drive to Pittsburgh.  I don't think the sandwich was that great, but it was worth the drive and made my husbands day! He loved it.  Now, the french fries, those were really good!  Would definitely make the trip back and give the sandwiches another try.
Love Boba Tea, each time I come to Vegas I get one. They have a lot of flavors to choose from, my favorites are the mango and peach. I must say each time I've gotten a different kind and can say they've all been good.
Very Nice restaurant. We had a great dinner, very welcoming host. We will definitively be back!
Don't let the looks of this place keep you from coming. The food is GREAT!! Had the vegetarian pad thai, thai hot. Delicious!
Green burrito enchilada style   yum, intriguing flaver but delicious,will be returning in spite of tacky plastic plates and  bland chips.
This 2 star rating is actually generous! The casino is super small and offers a very limited number of games and slots. The slots are old and besides the decent music, there is little to no energy in the place. I am a local and this would be the last hotel i would visit off strip.
Food is average, if not below in quality. Prices are overprices as well. The service is okay. Friendly but not speedy.\n\nCheesecake is delicious, but not worth $5 a slice.
The food and drinks where great. This place was full of specials from 55 cents wings to happy hour drink specials! The waiter was friendly and helpful. I look forward to coming back again.
Took my wife's Sequoia in for a small repair and was very impressed with this shop.  Great guys, very friendly.  Very clean and customer friendly office/waiting area.  I'll definitely go back.  They specialize in Toyota and Lexus repairs but can and will work on just about any car.  Check them out.
My first two experiences with Chapman were AMAZING.  Having our Jeep serviced at Chapman was a breeze!  The staff is extremely helpful & their services are super fast!!
Phenomenal!  Every aspect of Arrowhead Grill exudes excellence.  From the staff to the atmosphere to (especially!) the food... It is easy to witness the incredible high level of passion and commitment Arrowhead Grill holds to.  Bravo.  You've made me a Raving Fan.
Ethiopian is so tasty, especially at Lalibela. Blue Nile is good but Lalibela is better taste-wise. Great prices too.
No reason to make this a long winded review... Best shop I've ever been to.  I work one mile away and they had a guy drive me to work when I dropped off in the AM.  \n\nI must say, fantastic customer service and amazing repair shop.  Just use this place.
Food was super on point! But! Lucero, the lady that took my order, was a bit rude and pushy. And! Got my order wrong! Other than that, it was ok.
This is a great gallery!  Most of what is represented is a certain style!  Wish I knew what it is called!  One of the Potter's I admire uses as part of her inspiration, old time carnival/circus costume patterns.  Paintings and Pottery mostly in a great layout!  Everyone I've met here has been very friendly and helpful!
All I can say it is the worst pan roast in Vegas!  If you are looking for the real deal, go to the Oyster Bar at Palace Station!
The 28 is great!!! Always a huge hit at every gathering that we host or attend. The 28 is a great conversation piece due to its shear size and great flavor. I would say the pizza is close to NY style. I am a repeat customer.
The decor here is really nice and no music blasting which was great for breakfast. Well that's about as good as it got. I had the 2 eggs and NY steak for $23 and that was a big mistake. The steak was too chewy but I should have expected that.
I was overcharged by $90.  Make sure you keep and double check your receipts
Tills is a great old fashioned second hand bookshop. They have a really good film section and also stock magazines like Sight and Sound. Its tucked out of the way near the Meadows, but I suppose its reasonably close to the University for passing trade. Its reasonable enough pricewise, but be prepared to leave your backpacks at the door.
Waaaaaaaaaaaaay too overpriced.  Huge selection, and I sampled a lot, but nothing was spectacular except the desserts.  The food was no better than my college dining hall.
Favorite sprouts. And they have Robert there, I always try to get in his line, he's always so nice and efficient.
THIRTEEN places that sell SHOES??? Run down, small, hard to get in and out of and clientele is very low on the socioeconomic ladder. Do yourself a favor and skip this mess!
Mediocre  at best for food, service was absolutely atrocious!  Will not go back.  Don't get the James Beard nomination, it was nothing spectacular.
Greens and Proteins was good, but every time I come here I wait forever.. I really like their Pizzas, turkey burger, smoothies, soups.
2 sliders on a long huge plate for $8?  Ridiculous!  1 piece of thin meat that covered only 2/3 of slider sized bun...rip off!\n\nI won't be back!
At AJ's you can buy fresh baked pizza. Try it. It's honestly one of best pizza's you will ever have. \nStaff is very nice. Overall great experience.
Went for dinner with a friend, def a fan.
I loved my first fukuburger. It was item #4 on the menu- the kinoko mushroom burger.  I enjoyed the juicy meat, the wasabi mayo, the ginger and shitake mushroom - all ingredients I loved.  I promise to try more from your menu fukuburger! I will see you again!
Just got home from Mesa. And wanted to give this hotel another opportunity. Still no Internet. Staff do not even bother to fake concern. What is this?10 months with poor    Internet service.  The service at the executive lounge was better. New staff had better attitude than the grump you had in there before.  Better but still not worth the price
came out to visit Madison and was recommended Red sushi by multiple people. Definitely extremely creative sushi, and the flavors were right on point. My only complaint would be their appetizers which were lackluster in taste.
My boxer Barrett loves this place!!!!
The room was nice although it smelled a bit. Many of the channels had no signal on the television. The parking is problematic and although they share the parking garage with the Wyndam, it was a bit further than I would've liked. The neighborhood is lacking. Good for the price and for one night it was fine.
I have nothing against dives, as long as they're clean and the food is good. This place was not. The chips were greasy and stale. The food had no seasonings. Won't be going back.
I've been to this place several times now.  I've never been disappointed. The food is fantastic every time.  For the money, you can't beat their happy hour. $6 pizza, $6 burger, $6 salmon. Great food and affordable in Mesa that's not a chain place!  Sign me up!
I recently had a building constructed by Bunger Steel and I will have to say that their whole process was amazing from start to finish. Definitely A+! Jennifer, the Project Coordinator, is definitely wonderful to work with and made the whole process smooth. I would highly recommend Bunger Steel for any of your building needs!
We had a group of at least 30. Most of us (couples) had resort credit. First they told us they couldn't accommodate the separate bills until we complained. Two patrons NEVER got their meal. Crap. Py.. Some people paid before others got their food. L.A.M.E.
I only ate at Pink's because I have heard so much about the one in LA. It was better than most hot dogs, but not anything exceptional. That could have been because I didn't have a special type of dog. It was a great place for a quick bite before exploring the rest of the strip.
Super fromage et super sourire de tout les employer. Demander Lindsay pour un service hors pair
It was okay. The beans were good. The rice was undercooked and a bit dry. My ground beef burrito was mostly tortilla and red sauce. The shredded beef taco was dry and underwhelming. \nI will not be spending my money here again.
I can't believe im writing a review of Dairy Queen but this is by far the nicest one I have ever been to. You give them your order and they bring the ice cream out to you. They also do this fun flippy thing with the blizzards at the table.
Perfect! The good is actually quite tasty.. I had the California chicken burger with a side salad. I like the way they stuff their griddles chicken breast with avocado and their side salad is made with fresh greens. I would definitely recommend this place for lunch..  :-)
Their dark roast coffee and a biscotti are the perfect combo.  I don't know if their biscotti is especially good or if I have just never appreciated it before.  Either way it is not to miss.
I hate buffett food but this place is the best buffett in Vegas. I never have a bad experience here. Not as good as a regular restaurant but it is the best buffett.
Salsa was fantastic!  I had the chicken tacos....the chicken was very salty...they were okay.
Wow. Service is fantastic.  Food is so fun and delicious.  Tapas satisfy all desires.
Friendly staff, great bar selection & awesome food. Prices are more then reasonable. Locals, discover this gem!
I never have to wait in line. People are friendly.. Not much else needs said.
Whoever thought a fusion Chinese-Mexican restaurant could be this good? The selections are creative and the result is a flavor explosion you'll appreciate. I had the chicken with jade sauce and loved it. It's a very casual place where you place your order at the counter. There is plenty of room to find a table usually.
Love this place! I bought a Groupon for them last year. I had no problem booking any appointments. Yvette is amazing! This is by far my favorite spa in Vegas.
I love love this place... food and service is always great! The trio pazoooookie \"YUM\" always hits the spot for a sweet craving..
Just ordered 2 hot dogs and they were cold.  No refunds which is fine so won't be back and will pass on the bad news
TMI = T mmmmmmm I. So happy that something this good & neighborhoody feeling went into the old Lisa G's spot. Definitely try to go before it gets too hot to sit outside!
They do a good job. Best in the area. Student grooms save you $
Lots of fun , everyone is Friendly, Stephen our server was great. Food is good, fast . Atmosphere lively and upbeat . Lots of young people. Definitely will come again .
A good local hangout slightly above average food.  Have met friends here several times and everything is fine. It is more convenient than anything
Closed. Hotel is changing it to another type of restaurant
Easy to make appointments on line or calling in, no long waits for an appointment.  Appointments begin on time.  Dr Steed and staff - knowledgeable with great customer service.  Contacts and glasses come in within days of order.
This place has potential however, they do not have a lot of German options. they offer burgers, fries and their German curry sausage. there are not that many items available in their menu but their food is good.
I randomly used this service and couldn't be happier.  Dave  will pick up your furniture that needs repair deliver it when repaired and give you a very reasonable rate.  He is accommodating and does an excellent job.
My new favorite place for a quick breakfast! This is the first subway I've been to, that they make your eggs to order not some premade folded eggs,....add your favorite toppings. I love onions,  tomatoes,  bell peppers and spinach with topped with fresh avocado and black pepper = delicious!
Tri tip shawerma was very tasty, hummus was good, and the free baklava for check in was superb! \nThe Israeli salad had too much onion and not enough cucumber for my taste. Boyfriend says the tabbouleh needed more couscous.
The service here is terrible. The other workers are actually quite nice, but one of their cashiers is extremely rude and very disrespectful. I have been here multiple times and he never fails at having poor customer service. The food is actually quite good, it's a shame this cashier had to ruin that for me.
Went with family. Not many vegetarian options, oily preparations. Will avoid in future.
We just ate at egg works after Black Friday shopping. Veronica was a great waitress. Very knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations. We loved the food and can't wait to come back!
Had lunch here for the first time today around 1:00. I had the swiss mushroom  burger and it was very good. Fries were nice and crispy. Husband realy liked the fish and chips. Had good ice tea. Not bad for bar food and will return.
Best shop in town. These guys rock. Always super nice and always have what I need. All of the guys ride which is a big plus.
Monday night, $56 for 2 just because it was Crab night? Neither me nor my dinner date are into seafood and the rest of the selections were terrible. Mediocre at best. Never again.
Spent almost $5 on a single butter burger that had a patty so small the bun actually has almost twice as many calories.  Thank you Culver's for helping renew my commitment to home cooked food.
Stay away from this dealership they dont know what customer service is they are so unreliable...dont waste your time coming in here...
They have decent stuff but they are way too expensive for a second hand store. They do have good sales but those are during the week.  I have good shone great dubet covers for a good sale price.  Oh yes, and the store is always clean.
The front office supervisor is incredibly rude. Sad that my mom went to this office for years and this is how I am treated. Not only did my mom never get an accurate diagnosis when the entire world knew she had dementia, but now I am dealing with someone raising my own blood pressure. Ridiculous.
Poppa Nap BBQs some amazing tri tip and briskett!  Plus Napoleon is an honest and nice guy.  I've ordered from him many times now and the food is always excellent.  Poppa Nap will bend over backward to take care of you!  I'll be ordering again soon!
Ok entrees... wraps and salads.  Relatively cheap compared to most restaurants on the strip.\n\nThe chocolate cake is pretty good.  The ladies all swoon over it.
I have been to several cirque de soleil shows, and I must say this is one of the best ones. The divers are amazing. The seating is a small theater so really any seating will give you a good view.
Store closed its doors on tax day, 04/15/13 along with the location on East Blvd in Charlotte :(
My husband & I went there for lunch on Monday, & what a delicious lunch we had!  I had a Turkey Burger which was DELICIOUS!!!  Great service as well!  Next time we are in Las Vegas, we will definitely go back there!  Also, the decor in there was awesome!
This was my vegas hang over food. the sandwich is pretty good. it's a cute space, kinda a cute whole in a wall place.\n\nalthough i'm not a fan of wolfgang puck at all.
Staff was nice. However...\n\nDon't let the posted prices deceive you! When using a card (debit or credit), there is a 35 cent charge on top of the gas total.\n\nAlso, pump ran 9 cents before the pump actually started pumping fuel.
Great food! I always get the teriyaki chicken with broccoli. You can tell they use fresh vegetables and they give you a huge portion.
Terrible service. The staff was incredibly rude and disrespectful. It was made very clear that customer satisfaction was the least of their concerns. I would highly recommend finding somewhere else downtown as there are many wonderful restaurants that far outshine this one.
Waited 19 minutes for takeout order of bacon, pancakes, eggs and cup of juice. The juice was not added to my ticket. Was told to pay for juice if I wanted it and was forced to wait an additional 9 minutes for it. Not the best customer service. No sense of urgency or empathy for the inconvenience.
I have only been there for breakfast but it was good.  One time when I was in there I completely forgot my wallet and the owner was so nice and just told me to stop by sometime later on and pay.
Horrible! Don't waste your money! Halo halo was not even sweet not to mention over priced. Ordered siopao, and it had pieces of paper stuck to it. Will never eat here again.
shit the bed.
We love to go here!  So fun to see the bird's & the staff is delightful!  They have the best French Dips anywhere in the valley!  It's really a hidden garden in downtown Chandler!
Love the rooms! The extra lounge space is perfect for all your friends! Love the extra vanity table in the bathroom. The check in desk to the room is relatively close, so that is a plus! Also, Palazzo is connected to The Venetian and is in the central main area of the Strip. Will definitely stay here again!
the restaurant feels a little crowded...\ntoo many waiter/tress going around which makes it even more crowded...\ngreat pasta!\ngreat service...\n\n\n...to be cont.
Rooms are nice, but so many things are just horrible. Was put on hold 45 mins multiple times when trying to call the front desk or business center. $1 a copy to print a page given the high room fee? Lousy service downstairs and people harassing you worse than anywhere in the world to sell shows and upgrades? Cheap
Edit- My original experience with this dealership was VERY poor, but the general manager, Kevin went out of his way to make things right. I really respect that they were willing to rework the deal to amend for the sale's guys misdeeds.
Giant green space, some riding trails.  Great place to be during a hot summer day.
This waitress was really rude and in a terrible mood, you have no right to take this out on customers.
Staff is very rude and not helpful at all!! Owner should really look at all these bad reviews and get some new staff that are customer service orientated.
This was the most disgusting buffet I've ever experienced. I'm actually sick in my room from this place and I hardly are anything. Nothing was fresh. Everything probably came out of a microwave. \nTerrible brunch.
Delicious brunch. Great service. The owners are such amazing people. So friendly. I'm definitely going back!!!
Cool place to tour if you like The Masters, as in artwork. Try to check out some of the guest rooms. Very cool decor. Loved live music by pool.
Noisy, chicken special woefully under seasoned.....since when is risotto crunchy?  I wonder if the chef bothers to taste the food he is serving.  Would not return, there are many far better options in the general vicinity.
Food wasn't that great. Nothing was fresh. Burgers were premade and frozen, fries came from a frozen bag, chili came from a can, rolls were bought from a store. Service was slow. Won't be coming back.
Great food and service!  We got the chicken with 2 sides. It was a family sized meal. It was very fresh. I will definitely be back!!
Popeye's is always legit. All you need to know is the 2-piece dinner, spicy, dark meat, with either mashed potatoes or cajun fries. Way better than KFC, slightly better than Church's. It's particularly good after a few drinks.
Good food and service from owners. Friendly and accommodating to some degrees.
I'm visiting from LA and used to nice wine bars...this one was pretty good. Nice ambiance, live soft music, great wine and cheese platter. Decent beet salad.
bad and slow service!! waiters make you feel like they just cant wait for their shift to be over. mediocre food~do not recommend
Very disappointing, it was not bad, just not very good.\nHad lot's off dishes non where exceptional. This does not deserve a 5 star, more like a 3.5 to 4 stars at the most.
The place is hit or miss depending on which bartender you get.  They have some really good ones, but they also have at least 1 really bad one.  I won't name names but I wouldn't recommend the place on certain nights of the week.
Very happy to have a new stylist near home. I came in as a walk in and Haley made me over beatifully. The salon is clean, modern and affordable (and next door to the coffee bean) but maybe thats just important to me.
LOVE Postino Central! The bruschetta is delicious, and the atmosphere is great too!
I would give zero if possible. No customer service  . Rice was under cooked. Bar server were unfreindly.only thing was good was waitres.  She was cheerful . Ate at 8.30 pm on 23rd.
Pumps would not work with our mastercard. Went down the street to a different station, and they worked fine.
I ordered the Chinese orange chicken lunch special with fried rice and house dressing on my salad. The dressing was really good!! Taste like coconut! The orange sauce for the chicken was very orange tasting. The fried rice was flavorful.
The boneless wings were good! I really like the mango habanero sauce. The traditional wings were really fatty and the skin didn't have any crispyness to it.  Fast delivery through eat street (only way to get delivery is through the eat street website I believe)
Fantastic froyo and smoothies.  It's hidden in the Mirage by the pool entrance.  Be sure to check it out!
The pulled pork sandwich is pretty good. The employees are friendly but the main reason this place gets 5 stars is because of the corn souffl\u00e9. It is so dang good. I had never heard of it before I had it at Alison's and have not seen it anywhere since. It really is that good.
They Changed a few things on their menu. They change the Veggie and Turkey patties. The new ones are not that good. Lower quality.  Use to be our to go place. this is gonna change us coming once a month .  Looking for a a better burger joint.
Every trip to Vegas has to have an In N Out run.  Somehow cheap and quality can go in the same sentence when talking about In N Out.  AMAZING!
Moved to Scottsdale recently and am here for dinner at least 2 times a week.\nThe Steelhead Salmon Dish is the best!
After trying several salons in the Vegas area I found one I am staying at. Brittany is phenomenal and listens to what you want. \n\nYou won't go wrong!
LOVE LOVE LOVE! Quiet patio area with water fountains and flowers everywhere. Electric outlets available in the shady garden/patio area, so you are not stuck inside. Coffee was delicious! \n\nI will definitely be back, and back often!
Duck tacos! Their pizza is horrendous, don't even think of getting it. Duck tacos! Grilled asparagus! Cotton candy! Oh, and duck tacos!
The store was not clean today, dirty tables..I will admit it was fast service msybe 5 minutes
I am completely blown away by this club! I have never been to anything like it. They have fireworks on the roof. It's insane.
Not the brightest people of course because it's a teenage store. Not a fan horrible service. Awful when returning stuff.
Yikes! Cold pizza when I called in the guy on the phone just acted totally confused & as if he was not responsible in the slightest. $50 of gross! Not ordering from this location ever again. Staff is clueless!
Best menudo in Vegas (except for home-made, of course)!  Friendly & dependable service too. Just wish they opened a little earlier cuz sometimes it's hard to wait until 10 for breakfast!\n4-5-14 update:  Yay! Now they open at 9!
This place really deserves 2 stars, but it's graded on a midwestern mexican food curve. It's not terrible, it's also not terribly tasty either. It's just kind of blah. But it could be so much worse! So it's got that going for it.
I went there for the first time with some friends to try it out. The drinks were sub-par and the service was horrible (the owner flipped the tip we gave him on our face). We were shocked to see this sort of behavior for no specified reason. I have never written reviews before but I felt that I  had to.
A little too dark but still a nice place. Forgot what drink I ordered but it was tasty. Its a small  setting and good for small group of friends to have a few drinks. Very relaxed atmosphere.
Pretty much what you would expect. Low prices, home style cooking, senior customer base.\nWe've been in twice for breakfast. Average fare descent service. We'll go again and maybe try dinner next time.
Pretty good selection of used books especially in the fiction, mystery, sf, etc. fields.\nA whole bevy of helpful ladies always seem ready to help. Trade in your old books for partial credit on new purchases. Get your summer reading now!!
Very nice clean park, the kids playground is modern, safe and fun for all ages. There is a good trail to do jogging and walking on. The dog park has a decent size field, is not crowded and is adjacent to the rest of the park.
The place isn't very welcoming but I came in here because I heard their little cakes were good. I order one of each of their flavor and honestly it's nothing special. It's actually kind of boring and they all kind of taste the same but it's just different color frosting.
Lee's has good prices on booze and mediocre customer service, at all locations. Definitely recommended for when you need to pick up some of Grandad's cough medicine.
Quick and easy... food matches the price.. Selection of items could be expanded on.. but its pretty much just a taco shop.. \n\nMeat was well seasoned... Would stop by again if i was passing by and had a craving..
A little pricey for what you get,  but still is pretty good.
Third trip to this place all three time service was horrible even when not busy. Hostess sits you and nobody comes over walked out today after 15 mins with nobody even acknowledging we were there. I get the feeling they don't really care if they get repeat customers because so many new suckers visit Vegas daily. I'm done no more.
perhaps my expectations were too high.\n\ni had the black garlic ramen. was not impressed. soup too salty. ramen noodles not chewy enough. sorry monta, wanted to love you but was disappointed.
Looking for a light dessert and a place to sit and watch the characters in Las Vegas? This is great place.
I've been a customer for a year now, I was referred by a person that comes here.  The customer service is great, they are all friendly and always remember me.  Its not the closet to me, but its worth the extra drive.
Great tacos, cold beer, friendly staff. I came for lunch, but need to come back to have drinks on the patio some evening. Good selection of cocktails too
Love the macaroni potato salad and kahlua pork, last time I was here the teriyaki beef was a bit dry.
Food was pretty good but I was totally put off when they charged $12.95 for a kids plain cheese pizza! It was the most expensive item on our receipt. I wish the waiter would have given us a heads up. Left feeling cheated. I would not come back.
This was a great location they upgraded us to a pool side  Bungalow . The front desk agent Brandi was great and pleasant, all the staff from the casino floor people to the food servers to the valet were wonderful over a great place and i look forward to going back when a deal is secured .
Wow don't call asking for a manager. I called to speak with someone about a purchase and she told me she was busy and hung up on me. Didn't even ask if I was a customer or salesperson. I was definitely just a customer. This lady needs to quit/be fired/not work in customer service ever again.
Midwest at it's finest. First Culvers I have seen since leaving Iowa. Always good food.
Earl of Sandwich, I love you (& I'm not one to say those three precious words loosely, either). \n\nTuna Melt & Earl Club = love at first bite.
The worst food I have ever eaten... The ribs were dry.. There were flies everywhere around the food while they were serving. I told them I didn't care for my entree and they said they were sorry but didn't offer to give me something else.. Please  avoid!!!
Quite frankly, this place is incredibly mediocre. I had pretty awful service when I went last (Restaurant was half full yet I got no water refill). Sushi Express has better asian food than Fugu and at a much cheaper price.
The burgers are good, but was really makes this place worth it are the shakes! You can get your standard shake with a variety of delicious flavors, or you can spice it up with alcoholic versions. Simply awesome.
its a bit pricey but very good food! I highly recommend this place!
I've been in quite a few times. I'm happy with the service and I'll be back. Very affordable.
Stale bread, water glass unrefilled.  Stuffed mushrooms undistinguished.  Bolognese spagetti sauce with no depth.  Portions large.  No reason to go back.
Typical sit-down burger joint. Not the greatest, i've had, nor worth the price. McDonalds beats them really well. Service is really crummy, waiters don't seem to care much about clients sitting down.
I love it there, the people are always so friendly. The poke is fresh & it's really affordable.
im a fan. the staff was very friendly. we were able to change one of out menus because couldn't eat some of the stuff. we also got the wine pairing and that was also very nicely done im not a very big wine person but they did a good job.
It was my first time at this establishment but not my first Japanese experience.  The server was great. However, the food was overcooked.
great place to spend a few hours drinking wine and getting some good eats.. Good service as well!
Over priced and no flavor in anything that I ordered. Once you step in the door they swarm you and pressure you to order. I spent 50$ for lunch! 2 chicken plates and side of hummus! One of the worst places in Vegas! By far...
Great breakfast spot. Tons of lovely options. Everything is big portions. I love the green eggs and ham as well as the mile high omelette.
Prior to my Vegas trip, I sorted yelp restaurants by \"highest rated\", and it was near the top. It did not disappoint. A little out of the way and off the beaten path, this is a gem. Scored me some big brownie points for the other half's birthday dinner.
BEAUTIFUL cupcakes with a mediocre taste. The frosting of my cupcakes were heavy on butter and left a film in my mouth. The cake was on the drier side and lacked flavor. I'm not sure id be back.
Great pool and water slides!  Rooms,  tvs,  furnishings are outdated,  but comfy bed.  Full mini kitchen!
Our server was so slow, good thing we had a long layover. Server brought wrong drink and my fiance ordered an appetizer as his meal which came out before my salad.  Other servers looked like they had it together though.   At least the food was better than the stock car cafes looked.
Exactly what I expected! Sandwiches were perfect, creative, and fresh. Great atmosphere and service. I would eat here weekly if it was closer! Well done ZOOKZ!
This is an excellent landscaping company.  They come every month and do a very thorough job cleaning and maintaining my yard. Their prices are more than fair.  I've been a loyal customer for over a year now and have no complaints!
I've only been here once - a few weeks ago to see the Fantastic Mr. Fox.  When I first entered, I couldn't believe how grandiose it looked!  But the actual screens, seats, concessions, etc are nothing special.
Place was yummy. We were lucky to not have to wait at ALL. Staff was funny and helpful, Nice selection of sushi. I had never gone to an AYCE sushi place before and I think I might be spoiled now. For the price this place was great!
This is a great place even you just go by yourself. I love the jade mountain bubble tea and pineapple chicken &shrimp rice.
Mall goths, RUN!  Dejected teenagers, fresh out of their mother's minivans and \"Hot Topic\" traipsing the area.  Careful or you'll trip over one! ;)
Thanks for nothing U.S Airways.  Good thing I purposely packed light only so you can tell me that there's no overhead space and I need to check my bag. Not gate check so I can be on my merry way but go to baggage claim so I can waste some more of my time in a bloody airport
The worst $4.00 cupcake I have ever had. I was so disappointed. I will never step foot in the store again. 2 cupcakes both of them where stale they where crunchy and the buttercream was horrible and had to be bit into and chewed. Couldn't finish either of them.
My family went last night and they are CLOSED
Awesome. Great food. Lil commercial but I'm still satisfied. Me and my sister got the California burritos. Just a slight bit different then the ones back home were used to. Other than that. A plus
Closed at Chandler Mall??
This place is a meat market.\n\nNot a judgement. Just callin' it like I see it.
Delicious mocha! Great place to work a little and relax a little for a bit. Coffee is amazing! They roast there own beans at the Tempe location.
Garlic chicken is the best thing here. My girl and I shared two meals to go and the best thing I ate was the garlic chicken by far. The next day I was craving it again. I just can't get enough of the stuff.
Fantastic service!  I called House Doctor after reading the great Yelp reviews and they lived up to their great reputation.  The office was friendly and David was out treating my termite issue the next day.  The price was great and I will recommend them to my clients!
I love zoyo! And even more, Angel is awesome. She's always happy.
Pretty good, but not my favorite Chinese of QC. I had the Teriaki Chicken & White Rice. I tried some of the other dishes and they were great too.  More of a take out place then anything, but there are places to sit.  We will keep testing it out.
Eventually, they found the customer who was given my pants by mistake, and I got my pants back. After all the back and forth, I was offered some store credits for future cleaning. So this incident is considered resolved, and I've upped their star counts by one, but I am not exactly running back to claim those credits.
Confused staff , forgot our order and went on to tell me that I never paid , when I showed my receipt showing paid and waiting another 20 minutes for food . \nFood was ok , no hot sauce available .. Not even Tabasco
Horrid!!!! No AC, driver drives like an ass and doesn't pay attention to where he's dropping people off! Not a great start to Vegas, sadly!
A very oddly laid out supermarket. the Deli isle is not very wide, the the walls are closing in on you, and they put the DIY olive cart in front to make it more cluttered. Just a poorly laid out store which is showing it's age.
The food here is tasty. Great prices and the employees are so helpful and friendly. Everything is fresh.
I love their prime rib! I usually come just for that! The rest of the buffet is decent as well.The food is always fresh,and it's one of my favorite local buffets.With a players card it's only 11 dollars a person.
One of my favorite places. Their Shrimp & Grits are to die for. Definitely my last meal if I had to choose one. Their biscuits are fluffy and have sugar on top which adds a slight sweetness that is great. Breakfast is amazing here too.
Oh. My. God. Better than Pink Box! Tried the Lemon Rosemary donut, the apple fritter, and the apple- bacon fritter. All to die for! \nI would drive back to dtlv for these yummy delights and I'm not even a donut lover!
Sorry but I don't know what people were thinking, this was by far the worst Italian food ever. I always trust Yelp but this time it failed me. \nThe salad and bread were manageable, the cuisine was fun, the Dean Martin Singer was enjoyable but in the end the main course just sucked.
Awesome lunch specials, 4.95 and it's authentic chinese food!!! Love it!
The groomer k she is miserable she treated me like I was a kid and she stink of smoke,yes because of her we r not coming back.
This store does not have a large selection of items. Many are decent in quality. Would not even make an offer on a 14k white gold ring with a half carat diamond and 2/3 ctw in natural untreated blue sapphires. At least they were willing to look and were not rude about it.
Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!
Casino smells like shit and carpet cleaner, security are assfucks not letting passing guests use waiting room with no one there.
Non veg starters were good....... but Unbalanced spices.. fish curry tasteless... Chicken biryani salt less of course spice less.... lemon shots too sweet... overall i had very tasteless lunch...
I was so disappointed when I ate here w my co workers. The burgers were super greasy but the onion rings were decent, but I could have used more than four large pieces. I am close by but won't be returning.
I have been a customer for over 2 years and always considered their services to be mediocre to good. After today's experience, I'm certain that their quality of nail polish is below standards and they do not deliver acceptable service. When is Charlotte going to demand better nail spa's?
A great place to eat, drink and make merry with friends.  We have made it a regular and always enjoy the food and especially the staff!  Make sure you go!
Would be so much better if they did not cook the cheap pasta into mush. I want to like it,  tried to get them to cook Al dante, but they refused. That makes them a Fast food outlet, no more. Better option would be Sala Thai.
this place is great...the steak was amazing and that seafood platter we had was slamming.
First time @ this place and will never go back! Food has been sitting. Wouldve been better going across them to weinerschnitzel.
Service is consistent. Team is fast and courteous. Food is generally fresh. I am always disappointed with subway in general because of thier cheap portions.  But hey I get it.  This is by far one of the better subways in the valley.
Gordon Ramsey is a nice place to grab dinner with your coworkers and friends. On game nights it gets a little loud with the all the excitement!\n\nThe food portions were perfect, and well presented
Love this place. I highly recommend them. Jason does all my work. I won't go anywhere else. Really cares about his work. Clean environment.
Met the owner Howard at a local restaurant who invited my girlfriend and I  to this club. We found the acts to be well-worth the reasonable ticket price. The venue is comfortable and plenty of room. Very friendly staff and this place is worth trying if your in the area.
Been here for lunch many times.  I don't get breakfast anymore because they don't know how to cook eggs.  The sandwiches are ok.  The cuban is edible as is the chicken salad.  The burgers are small and over priced.  The place is always kept way too cold for me and the service can be down right rude sometimes.
Tried this place several times on the chance the first time I went they were just having an off night? I was wrong..The bartender and the server were rude...and the prices sky high..both times left me with a bad taste in my mouth..enough said..don't waste your time
I've only been 1 time an it was for St Patricks Day. It was cool. It could have been much worse.I liked the Irish band that was on and love all the people doing the jig!
Asian Pear Martini, it doesn't get better!  We love the hummus sampler, too!
JJ's is in Paris and made it real convenient during my last stay in LV. I really liked this meat croissant thing they had. Almost like a piroshky...can't remember exactly what it was but it was super good especially as a snack during the long drive back to LA.
Because we are so far removed from the French Quarter my stomach rarely directs me to Cajun. Let's be honest there are few options in this town.  So this becomes the default spot to scratch the gumbo itch.  \nAbove average food, better service, higher than expected prices.
cool atmosphere but food was expensive and lousy.  I would go back just to have a beer, but not to eat
This place is amazing! I came here with my boyfriend and a couple other friends and it was really fun. The whole atmosphere and experience is fun and different. All the meat was great and it was fun to see what would be brought by next. The service was really good and we had a great time.
We've eaten here many times.  Most of the time it is very good and some dishes are spectacular. However they drop the ball a little too often, both in service and food.\n\nThe buffalo tartar is absolutely fantastic, you should go here just for that!
The Chicken Tostadas are amazing! The Margaritas are superb! And if you're looking for some fun while dining they have karaoke night! The owner actually sat and spoke with us for a bit. A very down-to-earth place ;)
Tacos were good and simple.  They were small and cheap, you'll want to order a few. Horchata was good and homemade.  Beans were plain.  Certainly not the best I've tried but I would come back.
Service is indifferent. Total tourist trap. The food is alright but overpriced for what you get. But then it's Vegas. Enough said!
Very unexpected, but this place has the BEST Buffalo wings I have every had in my entire life. You must try them if you are here
Friendly service, but there were a lot of products that were out of stock when I went, with no guarantee that their next shipment would bring in the particular product I wanted.  I give the associate props though, since she did make a determined effort to look in their extra stock shelves to try to find what I was looking for.
Average bar. Food not so good. A lot of regulars has potential. Maybe management needs an overhaul. Lol. Would possibly return only for the lack of decent places in the area.
When you're in Vegas and want GOOD Vietnamese food, this is the spot. I've had the pho, bun rieu, mi bo kho and so far so good.
If I lived in Canada and Barney's, Neimans, Saks and Nordies didn't ship to me, then I'd probably shop here.  However, since I live in the States, all of it is over priced.\n\nNevertheless, the selection is good, and the staff is nice.
This food is amazing try the Al Pastor...and the Agua frescas so yummy the best in town! we also used them to cater a recent event and it was such a hit! and the prices are so resonable
Service at Audi Henderson is awesome. I have never felt so comfortable with anyone. Brett is an awesome guy and he is so helpful. I seriously would keep my Audi because of this guy and will continue to buy Audi just so I can take my car to him. LoL. Awesome guy.
A small oasis in the center of the city. Water, benches, picnic tables, sculptures, and nice grass. I know, grass seems funny to mention but I say so because I can see having a picnic here without sitting in dirty or feeling all scratchy.
Such a great job- afraid to go anywhere else. Peter is the best manicurist on staff. Coming here since they opened. No more happy hour which sucks - but worth the price
Not bad at all.  I Had a cheesesteak, daughter had a dog.   The  only negative would be that the meals are entree and fries, drink is separate.  Looking forward to trying breakfast menu as well as other items.
I wrote a review for this place that magically disappeared.\n\nWent in a few months back and took some take-out. It wasn't very good.\n\nService was OK, price tag was too expensive for what it's worth.
Great stop waiting for a concert to start. Friendly staff, good drinks!
Came here to get an oil change and had no problems. They were friendly, fast, and the manager even gave me a discount. Will be back--
I use these for gifts for my customers which makes me look great!  I used Mrs Fields in the past which are like grocery store cookies by comparison.\n\nFirst class!
Like dancing in a closet.  If you have a damaged ear drum it might be a good idea, but for the rest of us it is just absurd.  Go to Voo Doo. Better drinks, better atmosphere and better view.  Plus you can move your arms without hitting 6 people.
Always awsome. Good creative food thats a blend of Chinese and Mexican.  Fast friendly service. Will even give you a sample before you order.
I really liked this place. I went for happy hour with my friend and had a good time there. I just got nachos and a drink so I do not know much about their food but I heard they have really great sandwiches. It is amongst  many of the cool places on Mill Ave.
Enjoyed a healthy and delicious lunch from a very diverse menue.  Delightful attention and atmosphere...Highly recommend the alternative experience.  I'll definitely return....
great spot for some good Chicago grub... Italian beef with cheese is what I come for ajus sauce always on the side and must have the jardiniere pickle also put on side.. Love the Fried zucchini..
Crappy! Would have been really upset if I hadn't gotten a deal on Priceline, which they said they didn't have on file but was eventually sorted out. Poor service and bad housecleaning. Conveniently located but I will absolutely never stay there again.
Fantastic pizza bearing little relationship to Pizza Hut. Fresh and artisan products, lovely thin crust, richly season home-made sauce, mixture of artisan cheeses. Never had anything like it before. If we ever return to Montreal, it will certainly include a vist to Papillon.
Awesome awesome for happy hour, and good looking people after work :-) :-) And great for groups. Beyond that its an average steak joint.
This place was not clean at all.
I appreciated the professional & efficient assistance I received this morning in customer service from Roxanne & Shirley, keep up the great service. I was also able to order 4 large trays of mixed cookies to pick up fresh on Friday, this Sam's Club is awesome! Kudos to them for all they do, it's working!
So much for that groupon. Tried to go there today only to find the doors closed and tables gone.
Went recently. Organization is much better. Love Love Love it now.
Worst experience.  Slow, rude, unhelpful, and completely clueless.  After one hour here and talking to 4 different people, I was absolutely no closer to getting my driver's license renewed.
Small place but excellent food. I live in Mahomet and generally don't come to this part of Urbana, but I will make a trip to go here.
Grade: B\n\nVery underrated place. Unique food. Excellent service. Somewhat pricey.
Pretty good burger joint.  I have been to better, but nothing to complain about.
Horrible food, no way comparable to other mexican restaunrants in the valley..... \n\nFood didn't taste good at all
I had a bad customer service expensive at first and wrote in with a compliant. The director of operations by far fixed it for us. We played golf for 2 hours, the food was great, the service was friendly and fast. It's not a cheap date but a much better date than dinner & a movie!
A bit confusing to locate specific parts of the center, food court was small, but good overall.
Love the food, love the servers with attitude, love the atmosphere, hate the community seating that paired me against some stranger with no concept of boundaries.  Some night after a few drinks, I'm gonna give that stranger a taste of my elbow in her ribs for once.  No one comes between me and my lamb pasty.
Yelp was right! Saw the good reviews for this place back in February, came to Vegas in may, and the reviews did not disappoint.
This place is good for breakfast, lunch, happy hour and dinner. If you're in Cave Creek AZ and looking for a casual place for good food and cold drinks, I recommend this place.
Used the Yelp coupon for 25% off Coconut Shrimp which was excellent. Fish tacos are the best I've ever had anywhere. Topped off with happy hour $3.50 Skrimshaw draft beer. Perfect!
Good but I've had better at Katz deli in NYC! Atmosphere seems like a touristy place to eat. Prices weren't too bad and you get a lot for the price.
They call this the dessert passage because you will get lost and basically be searching for an oasis without hope of rescue or finding a single store worth stopping in. Miles and miles of the useless stores that you've never heard of await should you enter... so don't
Very displeased with the owner's demeanor and business practices.
Casino wise specifically craps these dealers are not friendly.  They nit pick scold you about random things.  It makes you not enjoy gambling.
I'm sorry to be the Chinese Californian raining down on everyone's parade, but I grew up eating dim sum and China King does not cut it. I thought the variety was limited and the taste was meager. I...will not return. :(
They have some of the best rolls I have ever tried, but their nigiris aren't the best. Their fish probably isn't as fresh as some other places but it's still decent. Some of my favorite rolls from Oyshi are the Snow Mountain Roll & the Kamikaze Roll. Not bad for lunch for $21
I have been eating at Los Dos Molinos for over 25 years... can't get enough. New Mexican style, hatch chile flavor (HOT!)  The food taste awesome but, beware... it will make the back of your neck sweat.  Enjoy.
Had great service here but the food was nothing special & the atmosphere wasn't either. Unless you are drinking beer & watching sports there really is no reason to be here.
Not sure why everyone else wasn't happy, but, we loved the place! Loved the sushi, and the service was better than most LV restaurants that we've been to!
I ordered a simple dish with egg noodles, mixed veggies, and tofu. It smelled overwhelmingly of feet. No kidding. Stinky-ass feet. Couldn't eat it. No thanks.
This place is great, just love the fresh patisseries.\nAfter reading this post  made me go.\n\nhttp://lovetoblog.ca/?p=63
This place is absolutely terrible. We ordered yam fries and the yam was RAW. Salad is stale and burger is way too salty. Not just their kitchen doesn't know how to cook,  they also have no fresh ingredient. Will never come back.
Younger crowd mixed with some older people. Happy hour specials are good. Didn't really like the Pierogies that much. Staff is pretty nice. Noise volume of bar is above average, but still comfortable.
no star!!! ordered the $19.99 big box, it came 35 mins late after the promised time! the food was COLD!!! how??? it's only .5 mile from my house!!! the pizza tasted greasy and cardboard box, the wings was cold and dry!!!
We stopped based on other reviews on Yelp.  While it is not fine dining, the food was hot and tasty.  I can't wait to try breakfast.  The staff makes the place.  They are polite, caring people taking great care of their customers.
We used Keystone based on the yelp reviews and we were very pleased with the level of service we received.  They were on time and completed the work on 3 carpets in less than 30 minutes.  The price was very fair and the carpets look great.  I would not hesitate to use them again in the future.
Great Service and good BBQ, I've been here many times and happy face!
Called them up snd he was to busy to talk, said he would call back and never did.... I have alot of carpeting and need to stretch some area, they're loss.
The food was meh....\n\nThe parking is unacceptable, zero self parking....\n\nThe service in the patio was terrible....\n\nWould not go back...
This is what you call a \"clown factory.\"
Ok so I have a biased opinion because I only stopped in for a quick drink before visiting Nonna Maria at Italia Fest... But the service was not quick at all. Took the waitress 10 minutes to get 1 glass. Not cool. The pizza looked delish tho.
Everything was alright. Except when I presented the yelp coupon, the waiter gave a bad look !!!\nPS: The bill came to 0 after the coupon :p
Large portions on most dishes. Got a little ill the following morning and their food was all I had to eat the day before. \nNobody else I ate with got ill.
Love this steak house!  Great variety of cuts, always cooked as requested.  As a gal, the portion is large for me, so I have lunch left overs the next day. The sides are yummy (salads, garlic mashed...) Enjoy a glass of wine in the bar while waiting for your table.
Great service and great coffee! You don't buy it until you try it! The owner was extremely friendly and explained their product and his employees were personable. Best service we've had at a coffee shop since we have been in Tempe!
Probably the best Manhattan I've had.  Great atmosphere, great selection of cocktails both classic and infused. Tim was excellent with his service.   Most definitely returning on my next business trip out here in Phoenix.
I've been here a million times, and I will be here a million more. It would be perfect if I never have to hear another person nearly ruin my butter buzz by uttering, \"A moment on the lips, forever on the hips\" while I'm inside.
Chicken presidio tasted like a tv dinner.   Steak was average at best.  Mashed potatoes were pretty good and were the best part of our meal.  Service was poor.  This restaurant was much better when it was named kennedys.  new owners maybe.
Well you've really out done yourself this time Great Clips on 44th & Thomas. Thanks for the usual shitty hair cut. This time the \"professional stylist\" cut my hair with the wrong size clippers, but I guess I should expect that from one of the worst run franchises in America. Thanks assholes!
Good location always have what I need. Prices are competitive. Staff has been helpful.
I purchased a beer kit and noticed when I got home that I had been overcharged on my receipt.  At first, I was troubled when I called the shop to reconcile the mistake.  Though, in the end they made up for it and then some.  I will definitely shop there again.
Just seemed to be renovated because I stayed there before and now it's like a different place.  Had a flat screen TV and it looked a lot more modern and was clean!
They serve Mac Salad...their Bulgogi is awesome, been here only once but if all other restaurants fail...this is my fail safe
Perfect all the way.  Luke and Alex hardest most professional workers ever!  I will always recommend and only hire this company for now on.  Couldn't believe how well this experience was for my family.
I think this is a very good yogurt shop, and maybe I'm just easy to please in this department?I came in late one night as they were closing, and sheepishly asked if I could sneak in for a fix- the lady was very nice and said \"Of course!\"
Sub tasted OK, priced. Bit high...my wife and I were no impressed and we eat at many restaurants and fast food joints.  Staff was not feeling it, it was close to closing so they looked like they wanted to be anywhere but at work.  Whole experience was kinda lame.
The Chihuly exhibit makes it worth another trip! As an Arizona native, I had not considered returning for some time. Loved the glass, seamless integration with the cacti. The blooming prickly pear and bird watching was also nice. Hurry before the exhibit leaves May 18!
I work at a near by restaurant ... we were craving something different because we eat our food everyday.  So we ordered takeout.\n\nI am not a big pizza fan but it was hot tasty and ready when they said it would be.
Total dive-bar that reminds me of Pacific Beach.  This is a bar that clearly focuses only on regulars.  Do not be surprised if belligerantly drunk people fall into you, as they did to me at 3pm on a Sunday (not football season).
good service & clean but food was sub par.  we were disappointed & would prefer other cafes in the area over this one.  pancake were OK but potatoes and corn beef hash were dry & flavorless.
Best. Salad. Ever. (Honey chicken.)
Two thumbs up!
I have been to several Planet Fitness since joining a month ago and this location is the worst by far. The bathroom area is always dirty A light has been out in the showers for over a week. Hydro beds don't work right and staff acts like they don't want to be there\n Not a good representation of the chain.
Went there last Friday, was there for fifteen minutes and security kicked us out for putting a drink on the stage. They didn't tell us anything we just got kicked out like that for something so stupid. The place is ghetto and the music sucks.
Dry bone-in ribeye. They sat us in the d cigar room with old carpet and a creepy atmosphere. Save yourself the grief and keep looking.
Awesome service and delicious food. Perfect portions. Chef even took us to our table- delightful!
We loved everything about this place. It is super cute, delicious food, great service, and the chef/owner was wonderful. We came for dinner tonight and will definitely be back for breakfast and lunch.
White washed cheap asian food. I dont know how often they change there oil or what kind they use but I feel sick or get headaches.
Meats are good.  Best smoked turkey I've had in a while.  Sides are ok, they aren't fresh made
The food is amazing and they have great prices. I also liked how all staff members were fully knowledgable about all the items on the menu.
The service is always wonderful and the filet mignon is a favorite of mine. Don't miss the great mashed potatoes. This is our go to place for great food, impeccable service and great ambiance.
I'm OBSESSED with sushi and this place is amazing! Super cheap prices without compromising quantity or quality!
Great food but service was a little slow, seemed under staffed. Overall very reasonable for the quality and quantity
Raising Cane's is definitely a nice place to eat at. Good atmosphere and the chicken is nice and crispy. The texas toast is also very good. Eat here and thank me later!
I just heard that Sugar Cafe is going out of business. Sad.
EH, this place isn't that great. I like outlet shopping but so many places don't live up to it. This is one of those places.
It's not so bad. It's a budget place. The walkways are pretty dirty though, and the shower a little scuzzy. I've stayed in worse.
I heard everyone rave about this place but I was disappointed.  The wait in line to order was almost 30 min.  To me that is ridiculous when you can walk into another restaurant and get served immediately.  I also thought their prices were high when their food was just okay.
Absolutely love this place! I work in the same parking lot in which they are located and after learning they have vegetarian options on their menu I decided to give it a try. Their food is always fresh and delicious and the staff is always so sweet!
Randomly choose this place on Cinco de Mayo. Food was great, Mexico City cuisine FYI. Only down side we did not know it was BYOB.
I continue to be a huge fan! Try the Bacon and Egg, it is sooo delicious! They do great Sunday \"Simple Suppers\", make a reservation now, thank me later.
They were a bit slow with the service, but the food was delicious!
This place is like a Hawaiian-Fusion Chipotle. Amazing service! The people that work here are so warm, ESPECIALLY the owner. The food is also super amazing, very flavorful. Definitely recommend to everybody.
I happened upon this place, coming back from Downtown Phoenix.  I stopped in just because I liked the name, but the food and atmosphere inside has an excellent attention to detail.  I had a bagel and lox.. .very nice!\n\nI'll be back.
Delivery\nWe all have had the quality of our food minish when it is delivered. \nNot the case with Thailicious. \n\nEasily some of the best Thai food ever, the seafood was so fresh tasting, yum.
This restaurant doesn't exist anymore. It was replaced by another Chinese restaurant and there is no buffet (all-you-can-eat) option.
Great for the price! Did not expect the great level of quality
Yum yum yum!!! I had the spicy tuna salad and was not expecting what I got. It was a wonderful suprise! The spicy dressing was not overpowering and did not take away from my tuna. I will definately eat there again and again! The service was wonderful!
Called for a cab and rates. Guy who answered was very rude. Won't bother with this place again.
Their food is okay, but they continuously change their menu and business name. It's very very irritating and confusing. I am done ordering from this place.
No thanks. Ordered something, received something else and when I explained the mistake there was no apology nor did they try to rectify the situation. Food was a little oily for my taste and will not be coming back.
Came here out of the blue on Sunday Morning. And what a great breakfast location. I love the open kitchen, the staff and most importantly the Eggs Benedict. Great atmosphere and very cool art on the walls. Highly recommend.
The sake and beer were the highlight! Rice was overcooked. Fish tasted fishy, not fresh. Headed out to eat somewhere else!
This place is overrated! But its easy for that to happen with such a huge beer selection. The one good thing is that there are more beers than you could ever possibly choose from. However, the service was lacking as well as the food! Overpriced for the quality! Good-luck getting your beer!
Kyle and Tracey are really good and nice would recommend getting.
Good food, but kinda pricy. Service is hit and miss. Can get very busy, to the point of being uncomfortable. Of course all the burgers are good, but the Grayhawk Club is awesome. Oh, and the beers are super cold.
This is the really deal Gyros. I'm from Detroit and grew up going to greek family resturants. The food is great and the staff is awesome. I love small places with staff that makes you feel like family.
Why was NIGEL M's review allowed to be posted on YELP? It is repulsive and an absolute indication of a misfit in society.
Yup, it's a Starbucks.  Good coffee and very friendly service.  Would give it 31/2 stars for the personable staff. :-)
Colin U was spot on in his review. Great bar, and the owner Pete is genuinely nice guy.
I have been here many times and they never disappoint.  On Monday's and Tuesday's  the burritos are $2.50 and tacos are $1.25.  The Horchata tastes a little bit watery or they would have got a 5 star.
Ordered orange soda got a fiesta ? Was warm and gross.. Chicken was cheap the pnly good part of the meal was soup. I'll try another place next time...
I'm a sushi connoisseur . This place has a nice ambience, sake selection was very good, but food was just ok.
Their appetizers are very very good... I also like their daily menu, fresh stuff and high quality ingredients. The salad that comes with any entree is awesome! Overall, excellent. I go there regularly. It usually gets very crowded though, so plan ahead.
Bring your flashlight, lighting is very poor. The food is nothing more than barely average Chinese takeout. You could get the same or better quality elsewhere for less $$.
Definitely the worst experience ever. The idea of vegas night view is awesome, but being trapped with a bunch of drunk people in a cart is not the best. Beyond that the facility that runs it is poorly organized, basically we feel like we've been chasing around like animals. Will be the last time to be on that thing.
This place really does deserve 5 stars.  I love the sushi here and I eat sushi quite a bit.  This is my favorite sushi place of about 20 I have tried.
Those guys there rock good mechanics and awesome customer service the black guy in the back I don't know his name but he fixed my car right the 1st time after I went to 5 different places
Average.  Not bad or special. Reasonable prices
The Sicilian chicken soup is a must have. It's a bit spicy, also fresh and delicious. The homemade bread with dipping spices are excellent. The fettuccine pasta tastes like fresh egg pasta, it's superb. For a restaurant chain, they really do well with authentic Italian flavors.
Really would be a one star, except it has it's bright points (staff who try).  \n\nThe good:  Cheap.  The bad:  Old dirty, smells like a fraternity after a beer brawl.\n\nCould be a five star if you like cheap beer...
Games were run down. I had fun playing darts and tiny big jenga. Overall, good concept but poorly executed. Have yet to try the food.
Their veg plate is da bomb, so is their tempera veggies and their side of beets and beet + pear salad. The pizza toppings are amazing, but I'm just really disappointed with their crust, tastes cheap. Other than that I recommend it--try the margarita pizza
I think I just fell in love with the Mochiko Bowl. LOL. So good! Loved the lychee lemonade. Once again their customer service was excellent. Make sure to get your hands on the stamp card. It's more like a signature card, really. Buy 10 get 1 dish free.
Food poor quality and salty. Place is dirty. My second time here. Thought will be better this time. Not coming back anymore.
First time in this place. Got my toes done, but my paint didn't even last as long as it usually does when I go to my usual place. So never coming here again to get paint done. But very clean place..
Decent beer but the burger looked and tasted like it was just thawed. The garlic fries are ok but very limp. I keep coming back against my wife's wishes but I think I'll listen to her next time.
Avoid this place like the plague!  Horrible service, mediocre food, terrible management.\n\nTook 4 hours to eat, and the experience was less than memorable.
Ordered take out.  The salad was fine, but there was no bread , no napkins and a the plastic fork and knife was from Subway.  Really?? I won't be ordering from here again unless I'm dining in and can get the extras that should come with a $15 salad.
skip unless you like pre-packaged food and rude bartenders
The hash browns were semi-cold... :0\nMy chicken noodle soup was better though. Plenty of noodles, carrots and celery. Other than that, nothing really special here.
I really like this place. The portions are large and the food tastes great. One thing I appreciated was how clean the place was. I will probably come here for lunch more often.
We were the only ones in the restaurant on a Sunday night yet each roll we ordered took 20-30 minutes to complete. We were also served water straight from the tap and had a very difficult getting ahold of a waiter/waitress. The food was good but I was not impressed with the overall experience.
This place SUCKED...the service was terrible, only went because my niece raved about the place. We got there and waited almost 20 mins. before we saw our waitress, the food was pricey for what seemed to be everyday Mexican food. But the service was just terrible...I was not impressed at all.
The pasta was great! A friend had the sandwich and it was eh. But the worst part was that the tables are bolted to the floor!!! So our party of 7 could all sit together because there wasn't a table large enough to accommodate!
After posting my review I was contacted and reimbursed for the dinner portion of our visit. This was an acceptable resolution.
This place is a quality establishment! The customer service is wonderful and JESLIE is always a pleasure to deal with and always has a smile on her face. I am so glad I found my home, finally!!!This is a must see high end luxury urban living condo !  EDDY H
Nice place, but a little overprice compared to the food quality. the lamb chop was awesome, but the chicken was not so good! Although we had a reservation, but it took like half an hour to get in!!
This is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! I went for dinner on my 21st birthday a few years back. \n\nThe food was all really good. They served both steamed and chilled king crab legs, the soups were delicious, and the desserts were wonderful!
I've never actually stayed at the resort so I cannot review that, but I have eaten breakfast there several times.  The breakfast buffet is awesome.  I would recommend trying it if you ever have the change.
Food was average, large portions aka \"family style\" service was lacking and bread was cold.
JD pecan pie is yummy!  We enjoyed the chicken fried steak, too.  Our waitress was fun, happy and obviously enjoyed her job.  We'll be back.
I got the 7 buffets for 24 hours..this one requires an additional $15 which I felt wasn't really worth it.
Great food, But patio furniture sucks. Makes for an uncomfortable and dirty kind of feeling. Now I was there about a month ago so I'm not sure if they got new furniture but overall awesome worth another visit
Good, clean, reasonably priced off-strip hotel. I've stayed here a couple times and was pleased both times. It's a Italian themed place with a small casino and easily walkable to / from the strip.
Very good service, time will tell if the spray holds but so far it is looking good. \n\nThe technician (Zack) was very helpful and arrived exactly on time.
Great food, busy busy place. Good service. Lettuce wraps are amazing. Fried dumplings outstanding. Great selection of beer. Lo Mein noodles were hohum
Great sandwiches!  Closest I have had to the real thing in Arizona.  Come hungry though.  The sandwiches are HUGE!
Favorite fast food restaurant of all time.  The manners and customer service are impeccable, always a \"pleasure\".  Food is always amazing, and yes, it's more costly, but you get what you pay for!
great food and place, aubrey is wonderful.
A little pricey for what you get.  I got 3 dozen donuts, and it was $40!  Yikes!  Maybe they deserve 2.5 stars.\n\nI do like the NAME of the place, of course.
Kenny and Jimmy were the best bartenders ever!!! They were so genuinely nice and made us feel so welcome! Ken definitely has a gift to make people laugh. My sisters and I felt like we knew him all our lives. We will be back!!!    \n\n\nThanks Jim and Kenny!!!!!
Place has gone down hill bad bad! Last few times there foods not cooked, the fries are still frozen, and they don't even put whats supposed to come with your order in your order! Beyond crap hole now! I used to love this place too
We used to frequent the Chandler restaurant when it was still in business and were thrilled to find a new one in Tempe.  The food was the same great flavors we loved.  The sauces were great.  The vegetables quite fresh.  The service was very friendly!
Chocolate Bacon the best! And don't forget to check in at yelp so you can get your free truffle.
I was not impressed in the least but by the red velvet cupcake I had a few months ago, add the fact that tit cots $5 and I was not happy. Maybe it was a bad batch or maybe the red velvet cupcakes from Caketini just aren't good...
They charged more than what groupon stated (about $15 more) costing the same as any regular mani/pedi ($50 total). Girls were super nice and I enjoyed talking to them. My French manicure looks great.
Update:\n\nI don't mind $8.5 for wings as that is about average for a dozen wings. But when I get them and there are only 6, I'm never coming back to your restaurant. $17 for a dozen buffalo wings? HA! What the hell are you guys thinking?
Great lunch place with delicious fresh sandwiches, soups and salads and an excellent wait staff.
It's a cute little eclectic place they do have free Wi-Fi stuff and if you're downtown Glendale.
If you've never had an (Venezuelan) Arepa give it a shot.  It's kinda like a taco in a split open pita.\n\nThey have a free parking lot (bonus) !
It doesn't look like much from the outside, and you may want to get it to go, but the sushi is excellent.  This is very welcome, because there's basically nowhere else in the area even worth trying for sushi.
I don't understand the less than perfect reviews.  This cute, little shop is clean and the staff was welcoming.  I purchased four cupcakes and they were moist and delicious.  The frosting was fluffy and there wasn't too much or to little.  I will surely visit again when I'm in town.
The food is very good, but the value for money is very low. Expect to pay around 60$ per main course and at least 15$ per cocktail. Roughly 100$ per person, a the lowest end! Very expensive for the quality of food. Could find better deals in Vegas for sure.
Won't be going back.  They have replaced all their vegetable dishes with many versions of bland seafood.  Started several things but had to leave them on my plate because they did not have any flavor.  Great service but bad food
They have a good selection of clothing, as long as you know which one to go to. See's like each store carries a totally different selection.\nOnly place in AZ right now that carries the \"Tattered and Torn\" brand
Good pizza.  Loved the sweet tomato sauce.
I'm at the one at Palace station and they used canned mushrooms!!! Ewwwww boooo this place is weeeaaakkkkkk!!!\n\nBut the crust is good.
Beer was fine. Food bordered on bad, plain at best. Awesome picture on menu of quesadilla, reality was as far away as possible. Smoked meat sandwich and roast beef sandwich were not memorable. Lived down to expectation of airport food from 30 years ago.
One of the best steak houses i've been to hands down. Very nice and classy place.
The food left way too much to be desired and the sounds of animals along with all the other rain forest noises was extremely annoying.  Kids are about the only people that I can see ever enjoying this place.
I used to come here all the time during high school. Inexpensive food, great greasy burgers, the fries here are delicious! They have many different flavors of milkshakes,  I usually get the butterscotch.  No restrooms, limited seating space, I recommend getting your food to go.
Such an amazing dinner! I ordered the filet and let me tell you that it is hands down the best steak I've ever eaten here in Las Vegas. It literally melted in my mouth and was cooked to perfection. My baked potato was super great and had a wonderful cheese sauce! Next time I'm in Vegas I will be back!
This used to be my favorite restaurant but it appears to have gone somewhat down hill over the past several visits.
Starbucks products at church for a yummy service!  I like the fact that everyone who works there does it for free and all of the profits go directly to the church.  Love!
Horrible experience.  I will never shop here ever again.
I try to avoid this market unless its absolutely necessary. Not because the selection isn't great or because the staff isn't friendly. Its because its almost always overly busy!
The food is good. The service is acceptable. They are dishonest. They sell Groupon's and then refuse to honor them at certain times of day even though nothing is said about that on the Groupon.
A crispy chicken sandwich with cheese is 7.29 and tasted similar to McDonalds'.  It took 30 minutes to get at the drive through.  Not a bad burger by any means but way overpriced for what it is.
great show -- hilarious and sexy.\n\nnot for super conservative crowds!!
So amazing how many people on here gave this place 4-5 stars...... Wow, so easily fooled or have never had real Vietnamese chow before.
Such cute clothes for little girls and you better believe it,  if I was tiny enough I would have bought 20 pairs of  pants for myself! Lol... went here with one of my bf and her two beautiful daughters. When I have a daughter of my own,  this store is what she'll be wearing! :)
I liked Teharu better, but this place does have greater variety and is much closer to home. It'll do when we get the craving for sushi lite and don't have time to drive.
It was just ok for us. I was disappointed in my steak and lobster. The barbecue was weird, and the rolls were very hard. I liked the ambiance, the place has charm. I doubt we will bother diving out here again,  but it wasn't the worst.
The food was not good.  I mentioned that to the manager and he became rude, very rude.  I wouldn't let my dog eat there.  Sorry, but I can't tell how rude that guy was.  Good luck if you eat there.  My bill was a healthy 300 dollars.
Mesmerizing! This is an amazing visual performance you won't forget. It was at times dream-like, acrobatic, funny, dramatic. It's an added bonus if you like the Beatles. I was fully entertained and was so thankful to be able to experience this. Go!
Popped in here to find a birthday present for my niece - Cute things but $98 for a little sweater that they will grow out in 3-6 months? Yeah, no.
The food was pretty good, but nothing makes up for being shortchanged. Unfortunately,  the bill in question was already in the cash register and the drawer was closed before I even knew what happened, so there is no way to prove anything.
The rolls were great! And very large and filling. We had spicy tuna, booty booty, and the crazy horse. All were amazing. We went the day after Christmas so it was pretty empty so our servers gave us a lot of attention. Will definitely be back.
I love this place every thing about it from the great help to the great quality of the furniture wow that is all I have to say
Great for after pita jungle. Just what this plaza needed. Lots of flavors and clean!
I LOVE this Bashas. Each and every employee consistently provides excellent customer service. Every time I leave that store I wonder why anyone would ever go anywhere else!
Awesome and creative bagels! Not your ordinary deli place. There is a large selection of menu items to pick from. The staff is very friendly and the prices are reasonable.
I was craving Cuban food when I flew into Vegas. I found this place online and decided to try it after reading reviews. It was Monday around 8:30 pm and they were closed despite lisiting online they were open until 10 pm. I drove across town for nothing and leave town tomorrow.  They should really update their listings online.
I love this place ... easily the best beer selection in Pittsburgh.  The food is fantastic (much better than your average bar food).  The staff is typically very knowledgable and able to help you in picking a beer if you need help.  Very friendly environment and an all-around great place to relax with friends.
Their service is terrible. If you have the pleasure of having Kelli as your server then good luck. She made us feel like we were a burden to her so we left. There are way too many places to have a beer and watch the game with great service to have to deal with that.
pretty good... lots of beautiful women
This place is hands down the best place to get your phone fixed. I received great customer service and it was a really quick fix !! :) I will definitely recommend this place to everyone. If I could I would give 10 stars. Very satisfied with the work and customer service :)
The jerk fried rice is silly good. I had the jade chicken that was also really good. The process of placing your order can be a bit confusing if you are new to this place however they have some employees to help you if it is your first time ordering.
After further gastronomical results, dropping to 1 star.  Beware.
I loved loved loved the suite I stayed in at the Bellagio. The hotel itself was very chaotic especially at night. It was packed and very loud. Typical for a casino I guess but this hotel and casino seemed overly rowdy even for Vegas.
Very much enjoyed the atmosphere, both staff and patrons made my evening a great time. The food was excellent, drinks affordable, and the band gave me a reason to dance. Fun!
a good eatery in the middle of art galaries
Always a good pizza!  We frequent Grimaldi's and everytime we go, there are no surprises - we consistently get friendly service and great tasting pizza not to mention a fresh garden salad - fresh veggies and tasty dressing!
This is the place you spend about $12.00 for two slices of pizza and a few beers before the Suns or Diamondbacks game.  Its nothing great,  but its filling and cheap, and really beats the overpriced chains in the area in my book.
It is impossible to imagine how this place is still in business.  Possible my biggest dining disappointment ever.  Ridiculous crummy tavern atmosphere.  Food that I'd be disappointed to make for myself at home, and I'm not much of a cook.  No conceivable reason to come here.
Seafood jambalaya without rice, presentation was better then the food.a bit pricy for what you get. Still good, but nothing special.fries were excelent. great outdoor seating for people watching and relaxing. Great Nola bear selection!
The Cake Boss should be ashamed of his store. The service was horrible and we never had any cake. We waited 45 mins.
Great Mexican in the airport. Nice.  I'm eating here every time I fly in.
Amanda is the only employee on this store that is working. All others are wandering around aimlessly and chatting with co'workers'.
I've eaten here for quite some time. We enjoy the teriyaki with a bit of spice. I can't recall a bad experience with or food and the lady at the counter is nice.
I ate. I payed good tip. And I throwed up in the evening and ruined my whole vegas plan.
If there was an option to give negative stars this place absolutely deserves it. Staff not friendly,food horrible, and over priced. Order an Italian panini, hardly any meat and came with nothing on it. Not to mention they charged $12.95 for the sandwich and a drink. Never go here. I will tell everyone I see.
Donna was great. Helped me visualize and organize my project. Also was mindful of finding ways to cut my costs!
We have been coming here for over 20 years. We are never disappointed with food quality and service. They remember you by name and make you feel welcome. They have recently expanded. Very clean, very family oriented. A great menu with a mixture of local Hawaiian foods and Korean foods. Our favorites are the friend mandu and bulgogi.
Not impressed with this club, very small and no food. Had kind of a depressing, old vibe to it. Defintely not worth the $50 to get in if you don't have a membership.
This place sucks. Don't come here. I've been sitting at the bar for 25 minutes watching the bartenders stand there and talk to each other and laughing carrying on and they still haven't even acknowledged me.
I don't usually like peanut sauce but tried it at Thai elephant and it was great. Nice location near the light rail.
Fantastic beer selection & the food was great. With 31 beers on tap this place is for serious beer lovers. They even have 5 wines on tap. The food was great; the wings had 3 different sauces for dipping. The service was prompt & friendly. I will definitely go back!
Bought a Groupon for this place. I was a little apprehensive since I'm a not a stick figure. But they were great with suggestions and making me feel so comfortable. Going again soon!
Good flavor to the meat but the fries and sandwiches themselves are missing the wow factor that you get from Five Guys. Just a slight step up from In N Out for more money. I give it an overwhelming meh rating.
Great food, been eating here for 7 years, the atmosphere is very welcoming, the service is above excellent, must try.
Really yummy! Came here because Bachi burger was full. Was pleasantly surprised with really tasty dishes. Fish is very fresh too! Will be coming back to try more!
Awsome place. Guy Fieri never makes mistakes. Love his show and everywhere i go i google places he recommends. Food is very delicious. Fast service and great atmosphere. If you are in Phoenix you must visit this place!
Greasy and soggy. I have had way better pizza.
The very basic of every restaurant is to serve delicious foods. I had tried all Asian noodles and their basics are awful. At least, if you want to have Asian noodles, please consider other places.
There was no server available at all this is happened three times we were only two people in the whole theater do yourself a favor and go to Harkins instead
Moon China has been EXCELLENT in the past, but everything has changed in the last few months.  Their food tastes different - It is poor, at best.  It does not tast the same - It tastes poor.  Beef dishes have a fish taste - Fried rice is bland.
I had the best catfish I've had in quite some time. Perfectly fried, very tasty and fresh. In fact, I've never had a bad meal at this location or when they were across the street.  Prices very reasonable as well.
What a rip off!  Ordered Margarita and they scammed me for premium tequila and when approached...they said too bad you drank it you pay for it!    Too bad restaurants have to price gouge to make their numbers.   I won't be back.
The food is pretty decent  but the multiple times I've been in there the staff have hadhorrible attitudes. The food isn't worth it when you get treated like you are bothering the staff each time you order food
It was closer to 3 than 4, mainly because the shrimp fried rice was a bit too salty for my taste, but it was a generous portion like all the other yelpers mentioned. The people working there were pretty friendly too.
Best sushi in town. Sad it's such a small location because I'm impatient when it comes to waiting! The Green Valley is my personal favorite!
My dad and I wanted to try their Philly Cheese steak and the place was good and food was good too but the reason why 1 star is because they can't give you the exact change they may round it out close to it and they only carry .25\u00a2 there and it's sad so they lost another customer
Inconsistent reservation policy. Used to love it here and now it's so poorly managed. \nCould be a gem, now it's just disappointing
This place I feel is over rated. They have huge burgers at a fair price, but their meat has no flavor. I have given this place three chances and have yet to walk away feeling fullfilled and not nauseous.  Way too much grease and not enough flavor. Their fries are often soggy. Not impressed.
Yummy bean dip.  I enjoyed the food and had a sweet server who was very attentive
great burgers and horrible fries and great soda and great nice service.  in walmart shopping center
I loved it....  Waffles and Chicken.... What a concept!  I even had Kool Aid for my drink....  Mac n cheese, cornbread and more.....  This place is awesome and our group of 21 loved it!  A must try eatery....
Overall a good experience especially when you don't want to pay the price for a ticket for the IPIC theater. The only thing that needs fixing is the chairs. they are just ok. not the most comfortable. Drinks are a little pricey as well.
Raku is definitely worth the long wait to get a reservation. Every flavor and texture is available on their menu, but the homemade tofu and the pork ribs are the dining stars. If you can get past the texture, the pig ears are great and the infused vinegar served with them is delicious.
Greesy drunk food, nothing more, why are you reading this? if you are drunk, eat here at 3am, you wont regret it...well maybe you will
This place was great, I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, Garlic butter naan, and Chicken Tikka and all tasted fantastic.  The servers were very pleasant and accommodating as well.
An absolute disappointment!!! Thank God I only had to sleep here. The room was small, the sheets had holes and to top it off the towels were dirty. They really need to remodel the pyramid before they continue to lose customers. Personally I would not stay here again no matter the price.
When it's open, it's cool.  When it's endlessly closed most times?  How I loathe thee!
Good food Horrible service!!!!!!!!  They need to have an intervention with a Dr. of Customer Service.  Management please step it up, help your staff be considerate and respectful.  \n\nNo matter how good the food is if I receive horrible service more than once, you get one star.
Excellent Ramen flavors and the best karage chicken offered  compaired at any other ramen places in vegas area.
The staff is very friendly and helpful. I didn't like the sugar free vanilla latte so they made me a chocolate one instead no questions  asked. The green tea is a little harsh for my taste, but the atmosphere is very laid back and more open than Starbucks.
Really like the location.\n\nOur room was well appointed, comfortable, great tub and shower booth.\nthe room isn't too big but enough for 2 adult.
Good BBQ!\nAlways is packed,not much parkng. Order online & pick up!
Pretty tasty. Good burgers, good food. Definitely a place to check out!
Went to brunch there with a friend and the food was great! My friend had a great groupon so our food was super cheap. The waitress was really friendly and served our food on time, despite the place being packed.
The place is kind of a maze. If you're wanting a party it's not ideal, it separates everyone. If you want dancing it's not enough room. Great food and the employees are ok. They kind of rush you though.
The service is usually terrible, but the food has always been good.  I really like the broth in their Pho.
The food is pretty good, but overpriced.  Waitstaff was attentive, which I appreciated. The main reason I won't go back is the prices - you DON'T get what you pay for.....
The place is ok... Einstein Bro has better food if you ask me. The bad: took 20 min to get three sandwiches. Nobody was here besides two tables that were already sat.
Nice looking mall but did not buy anything
Not my favorite Hilton but I appreciate that the hotel is on the far end of the strip with no casino. Made it seem more like a relaxing vacation. The rooms were affordable in price but the spa is a different story. We're Hilton fans and will visit this hotel again.
Food was ok, but waiter tricked us.  If you use yelp to check in it states free blue moon beer.  The waiter said it was buy one get one free........after we got our check.  But it doesnt state that.  Horrible service.
Despite some of the negative reviews, I loved this place simply because of their \"Fitness Boot Camp\" menu (served all day) which had healthy egg white and low calorie options. \n\nWill come back for desserts which look very appetizing when I don't feel the need for egg whites :-)
Whit, Mike and Lucia are the best hands down.  They have rare bottles you can't  find at a regular gaming bar. This  has definitely become one of my favorite spots
girls swimming in jumbo cocktail glasses :)
Amazing pork chop...as good as the best pork I've ever eaten.  Great Lobster salad.
Went to Calico Jack with some friends. The Margaritas were horrible the beer was warm. We only had cocktail we paid (it was happy hour) for our drinks and left them there full. We would not go back  again. Calico Jack Hot beer and Arizona doesn't mix.
I'm really ambivalent about this place. On one hand, the atmosphere is comfy and the staff are professional without a lot of attitude. But the menu is uninspired and the portions are stingy, especially for the price.
I don't really care for the cones here, but I do adore the birthday cake ice cream. It is the best I have ever had! Instead of the typical yellow cake, there is chocolate cake swirled in! Ginger is pretty tasty as well. The berry crumble was too sweet and was a disappointment.
Fairly low key place that isn't too busy on weeknights.  They have good value with pizza specials & draft beer specials, though the draft beer selection isn't very large.  Plenty of parking and friendly service.  Pizza is just alright though.
Atmosphere is fun; food no different than Mexican restaurants elsewhere (even Boston - Borders Cafe has better food). The chips might have been the worst we have had. We were expecting more given all the hype. And all the other reviews. Since this seems to be a chain, maybe we just had a bad experience at this specific one.
I order take out every time,. Always polite and order is to my liking. I love some Pepper Steak and theirs remind me of the one from a favorite of mine from Chicago restaurant.  I definitely recommend this place for good Chinese.
FUN SHOW!! tons of humor..the first part is a bit slow but then you start seeing more of the dancing and can relate to the newer songs they played. If you like ABDC you def will like this show.
I hate food shopping period. I hate going even more, when you're surrounded by superficial hipsters n vegans (no offense). They have a huge selection of gf foods.
Went there this past weekend and had Steak & Lobster. Really love the taste of the food and customer service was great.
Really like this place freindly staff and good food. I pass it on my way to the office and occassionally pop in for a bacon roll and an espresso. Never had the lucnh items but the breakfast rolls are great.
Only real BBQ in summerlin area . Cute restaurant / good service . Try the fried pickles. My kids love the strawberry lemonade .
I don't want to have to wait for over 40 minutes for delivery. I could walk to the store. Eat there. Then walk home in that time. It's a good thing I'm stuck at work and am forced to have to wait for a freaky slow delivery.
Detailed review coming soon!
*sigh*\n\n2 Items I really liked... the sizes for one were XS and S. Out of 30 peices.\n\nThe other were XXL and XL ....\n\nI settled on a different color. A great deal, but sheesh.
The second visit made ALL the difference.\nGreat, if not amazing, service, and a super happy table of stuffed people.\nIn other words: win!\nMore dinners will be had.
Great latte had here on thanksgiving day. Staff was friendly and helpful.
This was really a cute little place.  I popped in here and had a couple flight tastings of wines one night, when I was waiting for my dinner reservation.\n\nclean, well rounded wine list. knowledageble staff - and a great enviorment - going to put it back on que for this next trip.
I was pretty disappointed last night with the food here.  Calamari was rubbery and tasteless, salads were not fresh.  Gyro was average.  Will not be back with the multitude of better Greek options around Tempe.
Good crowd Saturday night, but the rest of the week it was sparse.  Enjoyed playing darts and pool, drinks were reasonable, but bartenders were not very engaging.  Parking was awful.
They're great workers, very Professionals'
For an Italian family, this place is quite a disappointment. We had a party of nine and tried almost every popular dish and the cannelloni was the only good one.
This is the worst hot dog I've ever had for $12 .  Cold n messed up my order n then told me to get back in a long line to rectify.  I can name a half dozen places in Chicago with a dog ten times better.  I will not be back!
Has some good drinks and snacks. Imagine will be pretty cool for Koreans to buy some delicate and hometown food.
Living social customer care has come up trumps and credited my account.\n\nThey have some great deals just take note of mismatch in booking and expiry dates so you don't get caught out\n\nEnjoy
1st time trying Archie's . After decorating plates next door at color me mine.  The food tasted very good until the MSG kicked in.  Hydrating all night and nasty after taste of the MSG.  You should have BIG BOLD print informing people you use it.
Ole Smokehouse, closed with a big For Lease sign on the building. Rat's ass.
Downstairs bar is an absolute favorite.  Great small plates and even better service.  I love their stemware. :)
This restaurant is right in the middle of the slots at MGM, so if you are looking for something more intimate go elsewhere. The decor was really slick and well designed. I had the margarita pizza which was cooked really well and had great wood fire taste. Service was quick and efficient.
Limited pizza menu to be Italian. Poor service, i only irdered water and dound my glass empty more than a few times, waiting for a refill. Beautiful bathroom, but dirty as a pigsty!
This place has been here forever.  I love the pupu plater.  As a kid this was always my choice to go on my birthday.  The owners were always nice and I have pleasant memories.  Good lunch menu.  It's definitely standard American chinese food, but that doesn't stop the sweet and sour pork from being delicious.
The service is terrible, rude and the gel product chips within a few days. Avoid the Groupon deals, waste of money!
Really enjoyed Le Majestique. The food was really good (even though I am not the biggest fan of tapas) and the drinks were delicious.\n\nI really like the atmosphere here, and the staff are amazing. Will definitely go back again.
The four stars is for the food and service. Now COME ON MAN! you got a regular patron drunk at the bar bothering everyone who will listen and not only are the bartender and the manager still serving him but he's going to drive home after you keep serving him, really? Simply made us go elsewhere after we ate.
Wasn't really impressed... Have nothing really to say. I wasn't impressed on this day. It may be a great place, but my experience wasn't great. I will say the wings were good, but I could get good wings from several places.
The food was ordinary at best, but actually more like mediocre. The taste was uninspiring. My wife says \"blad.\" I have eaten at a lot Chinese restaurants for decades and love vegetarian food. I will not be going back here.  The people were nice. I was here in the spring of 2007.
it is one of those Americanized Chinese food take-out place, so you know what to expect, I saw a lot of good review, so i gave a try, unfortunately,the food is not what real Chinese will like, probably it is because there are not many Chinese people living in henderson.
The ruben was awful and the service, this place and food is not the same anymore.
First time there and all I can say is that it was gooooood...\n\nThe only downside was that they were smaller than i expected, but good nonetheless...\n\nI liked the free peanuts as appetizers while waiting for the burgers...
I enjoy good Persian food. This place is good.  Cherry Rice misses the mark, but everything else is tasty. Very affordable too.
Solid.  Great service, nothing fancy, high quality food with good portions for a fair price.
Gotta give it to this McDonalds.  Their drive through line can get pretty long but the service is always fast.
I went here to hopefully have one more chance at decent Mexican food before flying east. Wasn't really impressed although I suppose it was authentic enough. The tacos I ordered ended up being fried and greasy which kind of ruined the experience for me. I wouldn't return here.
I had a great experience at this Hertz (but maybe because I had a horrible one at Payless that I am saying this).  Very friendly customer service.  Process is efficient.  I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. Can't beat it.
Closet thing to Mexican food in Pittsburgh .
Good food. The lady at the counter was nice. We ordered a couple gyros, a Greek Salad and pita with hummus. Similar to Crazy Jim's on 15th avenue.
This place was very authentic. When you walk in and see the fennel seeds and smell the curry in the air, you know you're in for some savory goodness. I had the Aloo Chole and shared a Mixed Grill. Everything was flavorful and well made. Would definitely go back for the Tandoori Chicken.
I've gone here for multiple birthdays and a graduation celebration. The food was always perfect every time even when out party was 9 people. Steak and Shrimp is my favorite! The sushi was bomb too!
the food is just ok.. and the price is pretty high!! so not as reasonable.. \nI rather go further to Cambridge or Waterloo to hv some nicer japanese food!
Visited St Joseph's this Christmas Eve and I was pretty disappointed. I think I had built it up to be something pretty amazing in my mind and when I finally went I was pretty disappointed with the Christmas Eve mass. The actual church was gorgeous of course but I expected more from the mass.
I thought this would take direct since it was around a hotel. But they actually moved pretty quickly to my suprise. They moved efficiently and responded to order changes quickly and promptly. The line was a little long but still moved quickly. Great experience overall!
It is a very clean bowling alley. The equipment needs to be updated and the software for the game needs to be updated.  The pins kept getting stuck and had to reset every time.  The employees were nice and friendly.
Sat at the sushi bar for 10 minutes without water/service or even a greeting.  Yelp recommends? Thats disappointing.  I have been driving by here for 5 years, maybe I'll give it another 5.  Try Sushi Tower instead.  Now that is a 5 star place!
Like this place, came the day after thanksgiving for lunch, and it was nice, the place wasn't that busy, but it meant service was great.  Waiter recommended some items that didn't disappoint.  We didn't drink, but had a look over the Saki menu, looked good.
We always have fun when we come here. At least 1x on our trip we end up at Tao. It's location is very convenient!
nice place not the best but def not the worst
Great place for a quick bite and a micro brewed beer. I love their Heffeweizen the best. Very refreshing and you can't stop drinking them. (hic!)\n\nWas close to my house and work and was always my favorite watering hole when I lived there.
I was very disappointed in the food. Portions were quite small and monochromatic in tasty. We had to ask for bread. The dessert was very dry. All around skimpiness and not worth the money. There are many restaurants for tha same money around.
I brought my old laptop in to see if I could sell it. I wish they had more locations, but overall relatively easy to find. No wait time at all when I came in. The rep did a quick examination of the computer and made me an offer that was actually close to what I was hoping to get for it. Very pleased!
Love love love this place. The atmosphere is great and they have the most delicious pizza (pepperoni and mushroom is delicious!) Definitely get the parlor insalata and the grinder that comes w parmesan fries!!!
Food is good. The burger is great. The service a bit slow and dreamy. They think they are Bohemians and they aren't. Finally avoid the owner she is a complete ditz and space case...just smile and avoid this cat lady.  Cheers.
City Oven has great quality food, especially the Oven Fired Sandwiches! I stop in almost twice a week for lunch during my busy work day. Personally love the Chicken Pesto Sandwich and the White Pizza! -- Also, very convenient to stop in for a quick Egg & Cheese sandwich on my way to work!
The coffee is the same but you should visit the S L O W E S T Starbucks ever! This place takes the award for not being able to take the orders nor care in the world about timing
Best Wine burger and regular burgers in Phoenix. It is a new place that we hope succeeds! Our son loves the hot dog and the waffle fries are incredible! Delicious, high quality food, reasonable prices and the nicest owner. Great ingredients for a successful business! It is a must have!
My wife and I are from California and grew up on good Mexican food.  This is our favorite mexican place in town.  We are big fans of the Street Tacos.
Enjoyable place to eat mexican/cuban food in downtown. Good food, good ambiance and cheap prices.
Overpriced.   Overrated.\n\n3 Stars instead of 2 because they actually do show some imagination in their menu.\n\nUnfortunately they lack the skill to pull it off.
Nice little grill. Got a late dinner, crab cakes. Had heaters on patio and music playing. Nice atmosphere. Was told by locals that it is a great breakfast place. Maybe tomorrow am!
Great pizza at a good price.  It isn't exactly like the Chicago style that I had in Chicago (an upside down pizza), but it is the closest I have found in the valley.
Amazing food. I've tried almost everything on the menu from the gumbo to the alligator and this place doesn't ever fall short. Definitely try it if you haven't already!
It's so good, we ate there twice on a three night trip and I wish we went three or more! The food is exceptionally delicious and fairly priced. I can't wait to go back for the uncheesecake alone!
Josh P. offered impeccable service tonight! The food and ambiance was amazing! So happy we made it out here. Highly recommend this restaurant!
Yum-o.  We loved the create your own concept for both salad and pizza.  This location isn't as clean and feels a little cavelike.  But the food and service were both great.
All you can eat BBQ! The steamed egg was the best dish. The marinated foods were really sweet.
I went here a while ago and forgot to write a review.  It was ok but not great.  The atmosphere was very sterile, food was good and service was ok.  I was glad we weren't in a rush as the service definitely wasn't fast.  I would go back again and give it another try.
Average, very average.  Wouldnt return.
Disappointed!  Choices are limited and the food is cold....
By far the classiest place on MIll AVE haha if that is even possible...\n food was nothing amazing but my fav thing about this place is the front row seat in people watching on Mill ave with a glass of wine and a comfy seat on the patio. (:
Big turnover at this location...Looks like there is little training.\nI used them for a few months and then changed to another groomer.
Would not recommend. It was not very focused and was a big gaggle for all of the group sessions. The sales pitch is strong but there is no follow thru. To their credit, they are very nice, however for the price I would hope so!
Most of the food is inedible. Best things were fried chicken and prime rib
The cheeseburger pizza is incredible. Salads are heavy on lettuce and too expensive for what they are. Delivery can take a while, but it's worth the wait.\n\nOverall a pretty good pizza joint.
I had the St. Louis Style ribs and I was completely disappointed. It was dry and tough with little or no sauce. It's not the same from when I had it years ago when I was a kid wherein the meat would just fall off the bone. Tony Romas is not for me anymore. Famous Dave's wins by a landslide.
Most disqusting pizza I have ever tasted. 2 Slices and a soda for over $8.00? Are you kidding me? Stop trying to imitate NY style pizza and create your own. This joint belongs to the same group with Pizza Hut, Domino's, Papa John's and Little Caesar's.
The employees were very nice and paid good attention to our table.  I do have to say that i didnt like the food.  I eat sushi at least twice a week and have an idea of what its supposed to taste/look like.\n\nI ordered the tuna nachos and I didn't like them.
This was a nice experience - the ambience nice, with the brick walls. The food very homemade tasting.
The burgers are good but not amazing, the chili dogs aren't bad either but for me the only reason I keep coming back to this place is to keep trying more of the milk shake flavors that they have.  So far blueberry is my favorite, but I've only tried about six so far.
Their version of a Cappuccino is a latte with some airy foam on top. Low selection of pastries.\nOK ambiance, but usually busy and difficult to find a place to sit.\nWi-Fi available, but slow and unreliable...
we checked out 4 rooms just to see what it was like, moldy ceilings,  musty smells, unclean rooms, and such a huge renovation job it should be shut down or discounted by 99%! thank god hotwire gave us a refund.
Enjoyed the lunch but service is slow. Glad to see an updated menu, wish dinner was offered.
Try it out.
Okay seriously, not a good buffet at all. The service was excellent, but we will never return to this buffet. There was no variety, the food had no flavor, and I could have sworn there was nothing but meat available. Way overpriced for nothing.
My wife ate at LoLo's, brought home a dinner for me, chicken dinner. The chicken was dry and over cooked, no taste.  This dinner is not cheap, for the money, not worth it.
We were so happy with the service and food! It is pricey, but the excellent food and service is so worth it. They only had flavored teas and I told them I only like black tea. So they went and made me fresh brewed iced tea just for me! Now that is service!
Very rude and horrible customer service! I will NEVER visit this location again. This place should get 0 stars, but Yelp wouldn't allow it.
I lived in Miami for many years, so I can say this was mediocre Cuban food with some authority. Not bad, but for what you got, the price was outrageous. For that kind of money, you could do some real fine dining.
Bummed that I didn't have a good first impression.  Ordered the Bahn? Chicken sandwich. The chicken was super dry and tasteless.  The roll is a plain white sub roll. Not even a good one. May give it another shot. The salads looked good. It is pricey too.
Yummy sushi in a clean atmosphere. I hope this place makes it because we need good sushi on the east side. Love their salad dressing too!
Great service and very quick. Kelly is awesome with acrylic nails!!! Very clean and friendly location. Been coming here for years! I would definitely recommend it to friends or family!!
The Salted Dulce De Leche MILKSHAKE will change your life... Absolutely love this little place!
Went for dinner on a Sunday night. Staff was amazing and ultimately we had a great dinner.\n\nAs the name suggests, the steak is what to order. Anything else is at your own risk.
Great Crispy crust. I dig the sauce too. I am a thin crust NY pizza guy, but I am going to binge on this stuff for a while.  5 stars
If you're going to Best Buy Mobile, ask for Ashley. She is super helpful! Went out of her way to deal with the Saturday night idiots working Verizon customer service for me after having an issue porting over a number for me. Amazing service!
We ate here after watching Zoomanity.  We had: Tempura Roll, Mongolian beef, Rice, and Chow Mein Chicken.  They all tasted pretty good for NY NY.  But make sure to get the opinion of an Asian server so you know which dish will taste good.  Don't eat the Dim Sum.
Not for the special occasion, but enough for everyday entertainment.  Wonderful in cost efficiency and the performance.  Sure, I love to come back.
Best Reuben I have ever had with so much meat and sauerkraut I couldn't finish it.\nNot bad for the price.
Really nice BLTs and Caesar salads...their secret ingredient in the salad is marinated mushrooms!
the ceviche was a delight. We went here for our anniversary, and were not disappointed at all. Everything was fresh and delicious
The dinner tapas are fantastic! Try the bacon wrapped shrimps, scallops and out of this world lamb chops! Seriously, they must put crack in their lamb chops because I want to come back to Phoenix just to have them again!
What kind of \"Irish Pub\" has a \"Faux Greek Salad\" but not Bangers and Mash?
This place is fantastic.  The pizza is great, I love both the thin and crispy and the hand tossed (double dough).  Sandwiches to die for.  I work close by and i have eaten here 5 times a week since they opened.  \nService is fun and friendly.
it isn't the most wonderful place. services was okay. down part is, they dont Accept Discover nor Amex? seriously who does that?????\n\nwont be returning there. thanks tho.
Do not go to this discount tire store bad experience I had to replace a $150 rim n tire  cause they would not give me some air so I wouldn't run on a dam near flat
Excellent for service. Burgers were just burgers. Good, but expected spectacular!
I love this pizza!  It was wonderfully crispy, but not burned.   I also had the Orange Fennel Salad.   I adore the baked goods, especially the cookies which are huge and yummy.   If your in the area, stop in, you will not be disappointed!
This place has a fun dance atmosphere. It's actually geared for the Gay community but on Thursdays a lot of striaght people go as well which is fun.
All the food is amazing ! Our faves were chicken chow mein and spare ribs with black bean sauce !! Everything is delicious !!
This place is pretty awesome! \nthe lunch boxesare only like 5.50 and get a big meal you can bring home for later. the barbecue spare ribs came with a lot of rice and kimchee. The staff is also very friendly
SLOW DRIVE THRU!! Jeez, I was here forever, and if I could have backed out, I would have. Food was fine, though.
Fun, cheap drinks, fun staff, fun crowd as well!
I tried the animal-style fries.  Heart-cloggingly, disgustingly, bad-for-you tasty.
Awful awful awful. Never order food here. Its all from bags of frozen junk. I think we've tried 3 times and it got worse each time. I actually got sick from it the last time. We warn everyone we know not to eat there.
Terrificly delicious food.  Good service.  Very enjoyable atmosphere for a dinner with friends.  A terrific meal.  I read some negative reviews before going, but I found everything to be very good and am glad we chose to go there.
They were okay service-wise but they are not sanitary.  Yuck! I don't think they sanitized their tools and if they did it would be an alcohol rinse.  Its too iffy and in retrospect I will not go back.  This is an unwanted nail infection waiting to happen.
It's a shame this place is closed. great staff and the place is clean too. I never have any complaints about this location.
The best buffet in Vegas right now.  And how am I gonna say no to all-you-can-drink beer and wine.  That's a definite plus in my book.  Seafood night on Friday and Saturday is definitely worth it.
oh my gosh these pizza's are huge! i love a good pie with everything on it (minus anchovies) and these are as good as it gets.
From the walk over to a casual look at the crowd I was expecting a horrible time, but I found everyone here to be friendly and pleasant. I didn't care for the cocktails here, but I had a far more pleasant time then expected. The manger Jerry is a really sweet fellow.
Service is spotty, ordered and waited a long time. Got home and food was greasy, my husband had been before and loved the meatball sub so we thought it would be great.  I was so hoping it would be but I'm let down.  Will try again in a few months.
Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Is the slowest moving group of employees a live!  If you want to age while you wait for coffee come here!!!!!   Remember Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow!
Called for a cab and the driver that called was at the wrong location. Called back, told someone was on the way, 30 minutes and nothing. Complete waste of time and would never call back.
Skip this overpriced pub. My salad was brown and tasteless. The IPA didn't taste anything close to a hoppy beer. The water had a strange aftertaste. The staff was okay and mildly friendly.
I grew up with awesome traditional Mexico food and this doesn't come close.  Everything seemed like it is out of a can.  Me and my wife left most of the food on our plates and went to Sonic after we left.
Great digital theatre.  BevMo, Best Buy, Chipotle.  All places I thoroughly enjoy.  I would totally come here all the time if it were more on my way home.  Now I just come here for lunch occasionally.
Good on my wallet, cheap, and their bento boxes ain't half-bad.
I cant find anything and everything looks dirty and unorganized piled up together. I will rather go to goodwill
Delicious branzino (which isn't easy to find in Madison). And they know what they're doing as far as service goes. Would definitely recommend for special occasions. Not sure it's worth the cost though. The food wasn't that much more impressive than Graze next door.
Not really a fan of these types of places to begin with. Never had issues with service but it is really overpriced. I love the flat screen HD tv's. Food was okay, nothing impressive. Drinks are decent.
You can call ahead for your order. My go-to is the meatless med salad with no olives. So good and the dressing is my favorite.
I ordered a Chicken Burrito, and 2 Tacos (One Steak/One Chicken) to go. \n\nWhen I arrived back to my hotel I ended up with..... 1 Mushroom Enchilada, and 1 Brown Rice Chicken Bowl.\n\nEnough said.
This place used to be good. Food tasted old, got sick. Don't be fooled by the 4 stars, this is not a good restaurant. Like I stated before used to come in all the time but my last experience for dinner made me ill. Zero stars
Famous chef attraction. Nothing special about the place.
Very chill and intimate. Perfect for a low key day. Music could have been better but it wasn't awful.
Poor service and the girl at counter tried to say I could not use the restroom! Don't you have to have a wash facility at a restaurant??? Health violations here!
Friendly young lady working behind the counter. My first experience with POS. Not bad, 3 stars about sums it up.
You get  fresh carb. You get what you pay for.  These hard shell blue crab is a lot of work.  Which I don't mind at all. I would hope that the spices and flavor would be in the crab not just in the outer shell.
I love Barnes and Noble. Love them. Love this location. Love love love.
LifeXMD is a physician supervised vitality program that offers nutritional, supplements, and prescription medication to achieve life goals.  Therapies include treatment for weight loss, andropause, and anti-aging.
Desert Ridge isn't a place for shopping, it's a place for socializing and meandering. The store selection is crappy, to say the least. It's dominated by middle school kids, which is to be expected. The only aspect of this mall I do like are the restaurants.
SMoCA is divine.
Food was great, feels like home cooking.\nJian Bing was a bit bland and oily.
THIS REVIEW FOR LOBSTER THURSDAY \nLobsters were small cold and tough. Rest of buffet was gross food that looked like it had been out for days.  For the money I would much rather go to Orange Sky upstairs.
Overall it's a nice place the reason for only 3 stars is this: $5 to park,$35.99 entrance, $8 small locker, $3 water and only 5 working slides, a wave pool and lazy river. Make up your own minds ...
Thoroughly enjoyed my brunch here. The service was attentive, the food was great and I really enjoyed the healthy diet friendly options on the menu.  Thanks for the great experience!
Great food!
Must be the tourist station. A lot of inconsiderate people. But, it is a good one. Just try to go when its not so busy
Love this place! Simple and solid pies! Get the best yogurt next door after at Zoyo! :)
Menu looks like every single chinese takeout place on the east coast and they aren't pretentious.  Clearly I'm not in California anymore.  Fantastic.  This place made me pretty dang happy.\n\nIt's rot gut chinese.  Boom.
Awful.  Got there late to our group.   Wouldn't serve us food, even an appetizer!   Our check took an hour, could have easily served us a small plate.  Crazy!!   I eat out at least five days a week, so this was nuts!!!
Really cute deli my family always stop at on our way to the cabin. It has frech delicious food. And the interior is really pretty. Get your sandwhich on the asiago bread. Delicious!
If your looking for a place to get authentic Italian food, look no further. Great Italian born owners and staff make this cafe the best place in town for a quick lunch or a long cappuccino break.
If you love the feeling of dropping from great heights,  these rides are for you!!!  Incredible.  The euphoria of dangling over the edge of a 109 story building is indescribable.....
Just got an email from a representative from Urban Rest. Group. He was really concerned and made a point of addressing my concerns. That really goes a long way with me. For this reason, I've updated my review...if they care this much, that tells me they will fix the issues!
OUTSTANDING!!!!  Will definitely be ordering their pizza in the near future!
Really tasty and quick, but overpriced. $10 for a chicken bowl and fountain drink. I would like this place a lot more if they lowered their prices by about $2.
I went to Alex with dark brown, short, damaged, choppy hair. After one visit she took me the perfect shade of blonde and put in gorgeous extensions. She blended the hair perfectly that people don't even know my real length. She takes such good care of me as her client and I'm beyond grateful I found her!
Overpriced, hidden fees, bad service, dirty
Very cool place.  Nice craft beer selection and their lemonade is great.
It's a cute store, but I didn't see anything original or interesting that I haven't seen at Lush.  The ducky soaps are cute.  It has a \"homemade\" feel to the products, which doesn't quite match the price point.  Still, it smells good and the staff are nice.
not the best in the valley but it is good. nice cheap lunch! i been there 3-4 times and would go back.
Pretty busy lab.. either make an appt or expect a wait!
Seriously legit tacos here. Meats are all amazing. Actual big chunks of tender lengua. Horchata is good as well. Just some talented gentlemen workin away back at the impressive grills coaxing consistent awesomeness out of their magical meats. Great prices as well.
I take that back, the past two times I've purchased ice cream products from here they have been aweful. There has to be something wrong with their freezers.
Don't waste your money. Went on a groupon and even with that discount it was still terrible. Food is more in line with Zipps not a nice restaurant. only difference is I would give Zipps 3 stars as I expect Bar what I get there.
Pretty disappointing. Was given a gift card so we checked it out. \nSlow greet.\nFast appetizer. \nSlow food. Cold food. \nStill waiting for the check. \nOh well, we tried.
Small friendly sandwich shop with a Dutch influence.  The owner is always friendly and great care and attention goes on making every sandwich.\n\nThere are a few seats inside if you want to sit in but it's just a few paces from the Meadows where you can enjoy the outdoors and have your sandwich on a park bench.
sandwiches are OK,  just OK. mass delusional hype is the only explanation. sides were not worth it at all. skip waiting in line like a tool and just order the sandwich to go if you want the \"experience\", what experience that is I have yet to figure out
after experiencing rude girl across the street at American Male...the cheerful Barbara did a great job on my hair.. using multiple guards and she might have even used scissors...lol,,,yay...im a fan...
The workers there are super sweet and pleasant. The yogurt is always fresh and they change their flavors constantly.  I really like this place.
Yum, yum, yum!  And I didn't have to don my formals, either!\n\nNo items are bad here, and cheap too.
Went here for lunch last week and was disappointed.  Food was bleh, nothing special.  Probably not a bad place to go grab a drink just too far for me.
I've been to the one at Brooklyn and the one at jersey. Unjust glad they have one near the west now. Service was great, pizza was awesome! Ambience was better than Brooklyn and New Jersey.. I'll be back! I'd go to Vegas just to eat here
I was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed! Everything was bland, nothing had seasoning, not even basic salt. Soggy fries, tasteless meat, average coleslaw on white bread trying to double for Italian bread. Save your time, money and calories and go to Wendy's instead.
NOT GREAT, management is awful, will not honor coupons even if it did not expire and, they were closed.  The food when we did eat there was not cooked properly, and, they were handling the food with no gloves. *****SERVICE, NONE!!!!*****
Just hosted a private event at the High Noon with a group of about 70 people. Very reasonable prices to rent out the location. The staff was very accommodating and the venue, as always, stellar. Book the High Noon for your next event!
Flour taco w/ Chips and Queso are the way to. Hands down better value over Chipotle.
Don't let the neighborhood or outside scare you. The place is Great! Amazing unique Mexican cuisine.
Had a romantic experience here in the hottub suite with my husband. Nice walk in shower. huge bed and two flat screen tv too. \n\ngreat customer service
Meh. I won't bother going back.  I ordered a chopped salad & found it to be one the worst salads I have ever had. Watery lettuce & not much substance. Oh well, there is much better!
Incompetent, rude, offensive, and zero responsibility. I've been a discount customer for a long time but this location is horrible.
The wait was ridiculous and there was no one here! We bought the groupon for 2 entrees, 2 salads and 2 drinks, the drinks were completely sugared down. The entrees were actually pretty good and really filling. The pricing is expensive, but normal for vegas.
We come often because of the gluten free options.  We have eaten there several times and never gotten sick.  It is for sure the family favorite and I find the staff here a bit better than some of the other locations.
LOL at every Sonic commercial ever made.  Whoever is responsible for that ad campaign is going places in life.\n\nThis is probably the closest one to the strip, which is a good thing because Sonic is a freaking celebration meal.  Nothing makes a louder statement than when you come here and pay with a one hundred dollar bill.
Great little shop that provided pretty good service. They do quick work and everything works again.
Today's meal was not very good. The chicken was too dry and cooked too long. I was told it was more than two days ago that the oil was changed.  I have found high-quality meals in the stores in Goodyear and .
The displays were very understocked and it was hard to find someone to help me. I needed to purchase about $1000 in camera gear but ended up having to go somewhere else because of lack of stock and service. I'll be avoiding this location in the future. Most Best Buy locations don't have this problem at all. Get it together!
Hole in the wall burrito joint with the BEST beer-muchies burritos!  Super combo with everything and sour creme.
Terrible. I ate here the day it opened and it sucked, waited over a year to go back and try it again, and it sucked yet again. Not a fan, this is not even mediocre mexican and the price of great mexican.
Good customer service
I've been here a few times and probably won't go back. The food is just...okay. Nothing special. They tout having the best burger in C-U, but I can't see who would give them that award. Maybe the problem is I've never had a hot dog here?
Good place to go if you want a quick breakfast. Order at the bar and then take a seat. They do serve bloody Mary's and mimosas so that is nice. Need to work on the menu as it is kind of limited for your average breakfast joint. Eggs Benedict Was good. Coffee drink was too sweet.
Friendly, fast, the prices are fantastic. It's the definition of town diner. Can't wait to come back and try everything else. Also they have grits, that's all I needed to know.
Nice to have a quality pharmacy so close to downtown.  A much needed addition.
Holy smokes! This place was super packed when I went. I got the Big One Burger, and I thought the burger was mediocre. I recommend getting the onion rings instead of the regular fries.
This place is so awesome! The Italian beef was just as good as in Chicago! The portion was huge! Staff was very friendly. The restaurant is clean and in a good location (across the street from golds gym lol). Be sure to bring a heavy appetite when you come! I'll be sure to try the wings next time
This place is horrible.  The hours of operation are not listed correctly.  I walked in when they were closed and the guy said he can give me a haircut if I paid double.  They are rude and this place is kind of to Ghetto for me.  I am never going back here again.
I have only been here twice now and both times the service was not bad it was horrible. To have 2 bartenders on and not be that busy I shouldn't have to wait 5 minutes to be greeted or waited on.
Beer still warm and service slow. Food was not hot. You would think they would want to have the coldest beer but as usual, they don't seem to care. Place is always empty and the reputation is going down
ordered Fish, Chicken, & Shrimp: came with 2 large fish pcs., 2 fried shrimp, and 2 dinky chicken strips. fish was nice, could use a touch of salt. Shrimp was crispy on the outside and tender inside. Chicken was tiny, but okay. Hush puppies standard as were the fries.
Fantastic view with pretty good food. Lasagna was well constructed, sauce was average. Manicotti filling was good, pasta was a little underdone. The service was really good and our food didn't take long to be served. Generally this was a good experience.
All around delicious pizza, hoagie, apps place.  Always good. Consistent.  Can vouch for any pizza, Italian hoagie, jalape\u00f1o poppers and fried mushrooms. All good.  Do yourself a favor and order perfecta.
Needed a cut while in town and found Nelson's on Yelp.\n\nMinh was my cutter, she is excellent.  Great local shop.\n\nI am now trying to time my cuts for when I am in Vegas.
The other reviewers have pretty much nailed it. I had the burrito with barbacoa, and it was better than the same thing at Chipolte (which is good itself). The food was fresh, plentiful, and tasty! I am glad Yelp turned me onto this place not too far from the office!
Clear and big isles, very different than what I used to in Los Angeles.
Great experience. The entire staff was great. Loved all the midwives, especially Ramona, Tiffany, and Melissa. When I had some issues a few weeks after my daughter was born doctor Guzman did an amazing job! We will be back when we're ready for our next baby!
They have delicious cupcakes! Yes they do BUT the prices are outrageous! One cupcake costs the same as buying all the ingredients to make 24 at home!!
I went to Luci's for the first time in 2011 and found the staff to very friendly and helpful.  I only visited the eatery and not the store but I was impressed with the service and knowledge they had about the products they offered.
The food was really good. But what is good food with bad service. Your spending a lot of money there for the waitress to ignore you. Maybe someone should tell them they get bigger tips if you're more attentive to your customers.
Food is fairly authentic island food... it is OK, nothing fantastic. Then again, not much island food is 'fantastic' anyway.\n\nIf you love island food, go here. If not, you are not missing anything.
Service: fast and friendly\nFood: absolutely fabulous\nSeating and decor: not so much. \nIf you're going for takeout or delivery, there isnt a better place, this pizza is amazing!
Terrible service! This location is at the mall and is way too busy and unorganized. The waitress never brought our fries. Hello? This is what Red Robin advertises! She also brought us our food but did not bring silverware. It was a bit disappointing.
Big fan of the Carne Asada Burrito. Staff was great and helpful and lots of smiles!  Chips and salsa are good too. Will be regular part of our work lunch rotation.
This place is yummy! Once you walk in the atmosphere is pleasant and the service very caring. The food just rocks tasty-delicious! \nIf you love Thai like I do this is a total must try, I am sure it will become a favorite... like how it has become mine!
Don't waste your time. No markings of the food you maybe eating and what food you eat was soso.
i love this place and everything in it.\n\nportions are huge.\n\nfood is delicious!\n\nservice is great.
Been to several of these on other trips and they are always good.  Bagels were the same good quality but none of our three bagels were warm.  I got the egg sandwich and the cheese didn't even melt.  We will try it again on this trip and I'll update if there is any difference the next time.
What a great dining experience. I brought a date here on Valentine's day and the place was everything I expected and more. The Bison Ribs were incredible, and the house ale couldn't have been finer. I recommend it to anybody who is in Montreal and wants to have a world-class dining experience.
Gotta keep my one star with this so called business , Bad dealings with me
If you're simply looking to fill your gullet, without any bells and whistles, then this is the place.  The turkey sandwich and chips really hit the spot.
so now, they are showing hockey games on hockey nights.. its not like we are lacking in places to see games around town..
I really enjoyed. I love to find new places in the Tempe area to go out for brunch, and Salut is the place to be. The outside patio has a live performer singing and playing guitar to set a great atmosphere to enjoy your mimosa and a great meal! Definitely my new spot! :)
Over priced
I booked a same-day appointment for a haircut and Meghan was so helpful in making sure she was doing what I wanted and we had a great conversation. She offered beverages and the loft is adorable. Highly recommended!
IF you have not ever been to a Purrfect Auto then DO NOT EVER GO TO A PURRFECT AUTO.  Up sell you at every point and they didn't even inspect the vehicle when doing the oil change.  Not to mention they were not very nice to the customers.
I'm not going to waste any more time thinking about this place. \n\nTerrible.
Went in there at midnight on a Friday for a drink, they told us they were closing up. On State Street?! LAME! The food is mediocre. The decor makes me feel like that is where people go to die. It's a good idea but carried out so badly.
Sandwich was so so. They don't give free refills on soda... Huh?  I won't be back. This place will be closed soon.
$50 per pound?!  I got one truffle and one hazelnut turtle and it set me back $6.  It wasn't even that good!  What happened to the other chocolate shop that used to be across from Sephora?!
Great Thai! Last visit I ordered the green curry and will again. It's a bit overly cozy for romantic date night but the perfect place for lunch with my daughter.
Great service. Good bar food. Interesting \"regulars\"...liked the fact that there was pool tables.
I would rate the food as little better than Carrabba's, but not the best Italian food I've ever had. But not the worst either! Been consistently happy with my meals and had a pleasant dining experience. Affordable and nice ambiance. Good service.
FETALICIOIUS.\n\nThat is all.
Horrible customer service!  Called for an estimate over a week ago, they said they would be out the next day between 12-2pm, I'm still waiting for them to show up or at least call!!  Apparently they have enough money and don't need mine.
Every week I have an administrative staff meeting. My turn to pick the location and this one was my fault. Service was OK at first but our server soon lost interest in our table. The food was bland resembling microwave frozen food. No one was impressed. Still looking for a good Mexican place in the Vegas valley
Costly and not the best of the Thai restuarants I had.
Hold it!!! Hey if your going here please hope you don't have to go the restroom! They are NEVER cleaned! The food not bad for the price. Just no changing station in the restroom and poop on everything!
I will use this company again in a heartbeat! Gerald was great. The guys who came out and did the repairs were friendly and knowledgeable. They helped me find a way to keep the cost down. A+ Service!
I tried a bunch of nail salons around town before ending up here last summer, and they have consistently been good. The customer service is great, they always greet me and fit me in when I don't make an appointment. A great place to go for a manicure.
if Arizona calls this one of the best mexican restaurants in Phoenix, then I must say they are out of their mind. This is by far the worst Mexican food I have ever had. Staff seems to be very arrogant. Simply put, If you want authentic Mexican food, this is the last place I would go to.
I've been here a few times since opening.  The guacamole is good but I have to say I've had the Chicken Soup and that's what brings me back. Simple but AMAZING!! Sit at the bar, have a happy hour drink but be sure to try the BEST soup ever!!
No more Frito Burritos and they charge 40 cents for a cup of water. \n\nLiterally, any of the other fast food joint around are a better use of time and money.
Waited at the drive they for too long, no other cars. Server was rude and short. I ordered an ice tea, not that complicated.  No need for attitude. I'm sorry you dislike your job or you're having a bad day.  You control your happiness.
this place is ok.  lots of parking and easy to find.  the room i had smelled of smoke but i was too lazy to change rooms.  could use an update inside the room but the hotel lobby seemed nice.  close to freeway.
Horrible place. Staff was unfriendly. Room was stinking. Bad deal and a horrible hotel.
Three words: $5 RESORT FEE. What is a $5 resort fee you ask? Some made-up, #$%^&* charge they tack onto your bill because they realized that they didn't REALLY want to charge you what they advertised on their website.
Our server was fine and the food is just ok.  The manager, Adam is an a** in my opinion.  He could use a fresh course of customer service.
great place to grab a drink. Eddie is the best bartender. Period.
A great place to have some Food and grab some Drinks while you wait for your connecting Flight. Just a fair warning, the margaritas cost as much as the food does but you are in the Las Vegas Airport!
First visited jojo's during my honeymoon in February. Have ordered online shipping to Ohio three more times since then! We love this jerky! This last time there was difficulty with the mailing but the owners kept me informed the entire time. Fantastic, responsive customer service. Thank you!
great food bad service , staff is very obtuse , no attention to detail, love the good food I will take bad service ,...
The BEST burritos I have EVER had!  Fresh tortillas, Mexican Coca Cola and hot HOT salsa! AWESOME!!!!
Great place for both individual and group workouts.
Love this place!  I went here today for lunch and was pleasantly surprised! Great service and great food!  I ordered the pad thai with a salad.  The pad thai was awesome and the salad dressing was one of the best dressings I've EVER had!  I can't wait to go back!
Definitely not happy with AMC THEATER PRICES! Paying $10 fora Senior price on  Sat. afternoon after 4 pm is OUTRAGEOUS. We're using a gift card my husband rec'dc for his, Birthday, otherwise I wouldn't be coming here.
Really cozy pub for a nice pint. Alot of great history in this pub. When I visit it I make sure give a toast to the lads whose pictures are on the wall's.
They have a sandwich figured out!  It is simple, fresh and taste great.  If you don't have one of these in your neighborhood, then you need to hit them up for a franchise.  Not only was this place CRAZY busy but it was also CRAZY good.  Thank you YELP! for referring me to them!
Very busy place, you need to elbow your way around to get a table and get the attention of a waiter. Having said that, their beers are good, if you like watery soft beers and the food was okay. Go for Happy hour, cheaper is better!
One of my favorite pizza spots in Pittsburgh.  Been coming here for years.  The only downside is if you go and they are just putting a pizza into the oven.  The wait to grab your cuts can be a long wait.  Well worth it because of how damn good it is.
After trying the sundance special for the very first time, I try so hard to try other items on the menu but I seem to always revert back to my Sundance Special! Love the potatoes and banana nut muffin with my breakfast!
I like the clothes here. They offer greats cuts and non clingy fabrics. the assortment is a little goth but very nice. Torrid offer a very nice color pallet for the thick girl with style. I'll be checking out other locations when I can.
Disappointing , because of the other high reviews I wanted to give this place a try. chicken strips were teeny tiny , the baked chicken strips were flavorful but the fried had a really weird flavor, friendly service and cool drink machine. Wouldn't recommend
Atmosphere was cool and the portillos hot dog was fantastic, but...it took forever to get 2 hot dogs and it was pretty empty in there, onion rings were burnt, and no refills on drinks brought the rating down, but the hot dogs make up for it.
Not the best pet store.  Prices not very cheap.  It's very clean though.  Will go back if only I'm in the area.
If you love a live band and 64 beer choices this is your place.
Food was pretty good not used to mint in my tzadziki fries were under cooked I wouldn't order this next time.
I liked this place a lot ot has reasonable priced drinks, tons of tvs, lots of seating, good music, good vibes, good looking crowds, and just all around a cool place to hit up.
Compared to duck tours I have been on in Boston and other places-this one didn't come close.  Had some great views from the river but the tour was too short-and barely saw any of the city by land. I would recommend-from the way it looks-going on the open topped double decker bus.
We support HALO! We have the 2 best cats, Marie and Penlope. Adopted through here... \n\n Thank you HALO, keep up the good work!
Glittering lights. Stunning visual and sound effects. Crowds of people. Nice lively place... good Viva Vision shows every hour in the evening!  As its outdoors, the tempratures may get uncomfortable though its shaded!
I somehow manage to always when I'm in town need a haircut and stop by this convenient location. Great place since you can wait and watch some sports!!
The service isn't great, the store is relatively clean but the food is terrible. The orange chicken is way too spicy and the fried rice tastes like cardboard. The water cups are way too small like for Pete's sake we live in Arizona.
The service was great, I love my server!
Horrible customer service. The lady working the cs desk is very short and not very helpful when it comes to looking up something (maybe she doesn't know how to use a computer). From now on, I'll just find what I need myself as the staff sure doesn't know.
The fish was not fresh, Had better store bought Philly roll which is really sad. Good server but food is not up to par. Won't be back here anytime soon. (Least till quality gets better).
My least favorite grocery store to frequent, but it's the closest to my house. Their selection is really limited and their prices are high.  Friendly staff and always a clean store.
Crowded. All tourists basically. All the souvenir shops are on the strip or on an intersecting street. One end leads you to the Holyrood Palace, the other Edinburgh Castle, so plan accordingly!
Better than LNL Las Vegas that is for sure
Fun place to go for happy hour.  Make sure to sit outside when the weather is nice.
It has a drive thru but very congested parking lot. Was not designed well. Staff usually friendly, especially if you go inside vs. drive through. Been here a few times & haven't had a bad experience, other than parking.
The food and atmosphere was alright. The service was great. They don't have lunch specials so it's a bit pricey to go for lunch. It's basically okay...
Good service, fresh pita, with a nice falafel and one of those sweet million flavor coke machines!
Great sales. I still like the outlets because of the price. Friendly sales and big open shopping space.
Once i stepped off the plane it smelled like puke.  WTF?
At first when walked in, this lady that was directing my family to the table was soon rude we were almost going back out, but because we did not want to look for another buffet we stayed.  The food was good my favorite for lunch was the crepe and we had an amazing server Mary she was supper nice.....
Well, it's Cold Stone so what can I say that hasn't already been said.  Service staff is hit or miss and you have to enjoy overpaying for a sinful treat but it is very tasty and you can get it almost any way you want.
good but crawdaddy is better this is all oil good but long wait and not as good flavor its a hype thing that people are more into service is less than decent
came for St Paddy's '10.... they threw a block party. closed down the street off the side from the strip. green beer, musicians and debauchery. just use your imagination. awesome.
Im not a buffet person, but my friend recommended me to try it out. Love the presentation, very trendy. The food was alright.
Excellent food.  I have been here for breakfast, brunch, and lunch and everything I have tried has been wonderful.  There are many vegetarian options to choose from.
Awesome BBQ. upset they didn't have some of the beer listed on menu after attempting to order the third beer. Regardless, the food was fantastic & we will be coming back for more.
Worst Wendy's I've been too. Food always seems like it's been sitting awhile. Bummer since it's location is near work.
Went to Isabekka's tonight. Got poor service and excuse of \"communication error\" as to who was our server. Not acceptable.
Great burgers and onion rings. Great customer service. Daniel behind the counter is very friendly!
Not impressed at all.  My wife and I ordered delivery and it took almost an hour to receive it.  When we opened up our food it was all room temperature and did not taste fresh at all.  Very disappointing.  I will not be ordering from this restaurant again.
Their food was great, but their customer service was the worst!! No matter how good the food is, if you are lacking in customer service you won't see me back again. I will never recommend this place to anyone.
This is my all time favorite buffet in Las Vegas because of seafood. I'm also a humongous fan of crab. It's worth the price.\n\nbuffet + crab = Heaven\n\nI go here whenever I visit Las Vegas!
Straight up honest and professional service. Don't let the appearance of the facility fool you. These guys are good and didn't try to BS me or up sell me. I would trust them to service my daughters car and not worry about her being ripped off.
Oh man, this place is soooooo good! Nice mom n, pop shop with reasonable prices and you can taste the thought and love they put into their food! Fresh ingredients, large portions and friendly service! I got the Greek chicken salad and now I have a hard time ordering from other Mediterranean restaurants. Place is hard to beat!
Great food. Excellent value and great service. Always suggest the salad with the sweet pork Barbacoa. Excellent choice try it.
Good food. Friendly srvers. Food was predictable but tasty, so no complaints !!! Makes for a good experience. The thai iced tea was great. I would definitely visit again :)
Wonderfully decorated bar with comfortable seats and great bar food. Pleasant staff and good choice of drinks. A winner.
House Keeping and rooms are awesome!! Quixk to deliver extra blankets, garbage bags, etc.
Don't forget to bring your cash.  \nMy grandmother used to make cinnamon rolls and their morning bun are a good substitute. They are chewy and huge and the topping is amazing.  I am going to be frequenting this place all the time!
Go figure....an outstanding restaurant at a hotel! I think hell just froze over.\n\nGreat food. Excellent service......great stop!
Very nice clean place.  Got a Pedicure and was there less than 30 minutes.  $45 + tip.  Too expensive for what it is.
the food was excellent and the selections were interesting... A wide variety of American food with s twist!!  I ordered a simple steak salad but it was by no means simple, it was extravagantly tasty!  this is a great place to go if your in town and enjoy  great food and watch a game!!
I have used Magic Pest Control for years now for my personal residence and referred them to many clients.  Magic always offers excellent service at fair rates.  It's a pleasure to recommend this family owned and operated business.
One of my favorites - great selection (a bit pricey), food's very good, especially considering that they've whipped up vegetarian things off menu for me, and beautiful bartenders. The atmosphere ranges from dinner on the weekdays to happy hour in the evenings to bar weekend nights.
Went on a Sunday and the gal did not use sanitised tools!  Ok If nothing else the cheapest thing is to be clean!!!!!  It takes one time to get some kind of infection and lose a finger.  I think the owner was not there that day so I hope she reads and takes care of this problem!
I work next door and make sure to come here atleast once a week.  By far the best mexican food in the area.  Everything they make is incredibly fresh.  I love their pork and their Carne.
The manchego bruschetta was amazing! Would definitely go back to try more if their dishes.
Went through the drive thru on 10/16/14 and the man taking my order sang a little song to me good voice friendly service!
Service isnt that great.\n\nThe pork in the pork soup dumplings was kinda dry even for being in soup! The skin was thin. \n\ntheir shanghai rice cakes were delicious!
My boyfriend is a brewer and I'm a restaurant manager/ bartender. The only thing better than the beer was the service! Rob the bartender is great and everyone was so friendly. Giant pretzel with beer cheese is the perfect bar snack. Go here!
We love Luna pizza. It's fast and inexpensive. Great lunch specials that meet a teacher's budget!
This place is amazing and the staff are too. I highly recommend them! The store has all types of running equipment. From gait analysis to shoe suggestions, this is the place to go.
The service at this location is horrendous. The employees here are down right rude. I was ignored and finally when I did receive \"help\" the man with the English accent was mean, I think he's the owner of the unit which begs the question; are all the employees rude like he is?
Overpriced. Unfriendly staff. Manager outside smoking constantly. Very poorly managed store. If you look in the grocery section you'll see items out of code that shouldn't be on the shelf.\nPoor customer service and not staffed properly. Used to be better but AJ's has gone downhill fast.
There is may be one or 2 nice people there. ;(  Getrting my 16 year old his DL was DEFINITELY a memorable experience in this joint!!!
A hidden gem in Edinburgh. Amazing wine and whiskey menu. Beautiful food and excellent service!
So we walk in and they have a rap battle on the stripper stage. The people paying more attention to the rapper than then actual strippers, that gives us opportunity with the girls and I love it ;)
Hey...  I walked in asking for help and they were rude..  They might be PERFECT. AWESOME artists...  But...  If they thread you like that at the door..  Preferred just walked back out and keep on looking around!!!
Not bad ... Beautiful building, but confusing floor plan. Young crowd abounds. Beautiful silhouette on the exterior drive-up at night.
Loved the gelato\n\nSeemed a bit overpriced but... it is Vegas and what isn't overpriced here.
It's the only mall in that area where you can hit up walmart, get yur nose pierced in the kiosk, get some smelly lotion at bath and body then hit up Costco for a hot dog and some cheap gas?!
we recently went here for lunch.The food was awesome and delicious.Our waiter was courteous and extremely efficient. Portions and drinks were huge.Highly recommend.
If one person isn't eating AYCE prepare to have them eat somewhere else. Also prepare to pay more here than the other Korean BBQ places in town.
I assumed this would be a free service. It aint. It might be worthwhile if it covered more of the strip, but it's pretty limited.
Wanna get drunk as a skunk under 5 bucks?? Just sit at a machine over here and play pennies while cocktail waitresses bring you drinks incessantly. The moment you walk in they take your order. I suggest the \"Adios Motherf*ucker\". You'll thank me later.
Outdoor atmosphere is great.  It was pretty busy, but we got seated pretty quickly.  The food was good and choice of beers great!  I would go here often just to try the different brews.  We were able to watch a few games on the TV's and still talk.
I love this place- rarely do we come, tonight's service was absolutely horrible!\nThe young girl with the pretty face is miserable and should not be serving people this unhappy.
I give this place a 2.5 tops! How is this establishment rated so high? I had Mongolian beef that was about as good as sweet rubber and the cream cheese wonton....... Sad sad sad excuse for a cream cheese wonton. Try somewhere else first.
Great food especially gyros
Fun place a little expensive 6 $ draft beer's but lots of fun stuff and a good atmosphere
We went there on Sunday morning, the brunch was delicious and staff were friendly. They were very busy, but never forget to keep their smiles on. Would definitely go there again.
The bean offers great drinks and really does deliver simply the best, as they claim. The staff is always willing to help make your drink perfectly suited to your needs. I think the vanilla blended is simply delicious.
If you can, sit out on the patio. From your table, you should be able to see the Bellagio fountain show while sipping bellinis.  We had to wait a bit for a table (lunch) but it was worth it.  The quality of food was outstanding...I highly recommend the quiche.
Simple, inexpensive, and quick! Good for lunch and dinner. The staff is friendly, and the food is delicious. The only real downside is that the place is small, and with the tables and many patrons, can feel a bit cramped. Great authentic indian sweets! Definitely worth a visit!
Service okay, not great. The server never returned to check how our food was. Cheesesteak and Tuna were outstanding. Server was slow to recognize when we were done. Had to ask for check and box for our food. Coleslaw very good.
This place is the pits they keep calling me after being told that I was not intrested in donating to there company and after reading the reviews i'm glad that i did'nt
I recently purchased a vehicle from Scott McCorkle's Liberty Buick GMC and was very satisfied with the customer service I received. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable with helping me find the vehicle that best suited my needs. I would strongly recommend my friends and family to purchase a vehicle from them.
It's Chipotle so you pretty much can't go wrong. I'm not sure if my eyes were bigger then my stomach, but the portion size seemed smaller. I remember the day when they could barely get the burrito wrapped. It closed pretty easy today. Hopefully it was just my imagination.
Awesome place...a little pricey but it one of my favorite places to go!
Worst professors. All the professors I have had dont care about how their students do in their course. u of a was much better for me personally. I've dropped classes here because I didn't feel like I was receiving any help that I needed.
I love my new haircut from Carmen.  The receptionist is very friendly, and even though I was late for my first appointment, Carmen was very gracious.  I would definitely recommend this hair salon, you won't be disappointed.
I just had the potato & cheese flautas. They're so satisfying. And the salsa roja & guacamole add great flavor. This little corner of Container Park es muy bien!
I was not impressed with the sauce. And the beef seemed real greasy. Im use to sliced beef instead of shredded. Corn bread fell apart into a million crumbs when I took it out of the wrapper. I just wasnt impressed at all. The people were friendly and was a clean facility.
Never fails! Walk in massage! Never leave unsatisfied.. Great foot and body massage 1 hr for $20. Tips are accepted. I'm never disappointed. I will be back!
Great restaurant style pasta. Delivered to your home or available at some local gluten free retailers. Nice option for a gluten free menu. Almost indistinguishable from wheat based pastas.
Food is great when they get your order right or haven't ran out of something.  The staff needs to learn how to treat customers better...thus the 2 stars.
Went here for an Eagles game with my buddy.....they are the Eagles headquarters for games. A great place to catch some live music. Typical atmosphere you would expect from a \"rock\" bar.....awesome smoking patio. Our waitress Cassie was amazing.
Compared to the larger store on 43rd Ave, this store is much better overall (despite the slightly smaller selection.) The customer service is amazing and they remember me  every time I go. I've never had a bad experience.
Amazing store. Great location. Knowledgeable staff. \nThey team working knows the products and love the outdoors.
Rather than detail each item served lets just say they had a bad day as the service was slow and not very friendly or accurate with our orders and what was served was very poor at best. I might try again as I know they can do better from others I have been to. Everyone has a bad day once in a while. Sorry!
Good food and service! :) will recommend and come back when I visit. If u haven't been here, should try it out. Music and ambiance is laid back and casual. Good for a quick bite or hanging out with friends and fam.
Long wait and poor service as well as over priced. Enjoy! Sushi was ok but not in anyway the best we have had. \n\nLarge sake is $44 each... Fun times..
Disgusting calzone. Cost 20 bucks. Delivery 20 minutes late. Pizza just okay.
Gumbo was just as good as NOLA. Oysters were pretty fresh. Lobster grilled cheese awesome. Must go!
VHE is my go to shop for all my Vegas needs and entertainment.  I've never had an issue with their services and any concerns that I did have, it was quickly addressed. Thanks again and can't wait til the next Vegas adventure!
Great friendly service at the bar. The place has been totally redecorated, no football helmets any more. Food was top notch and fresh. Good spot. Give another try!
Soup dumplings xlb without soup?! Nuff said. Go to 1900 Asian Cuisine down the street on 5115 Spring Mountain Rd.
Went into this club with my husband and another couple...we got in free, which is a plus! Music was great, hip hop and house. Place was really nice and trendy! They were filming Real World in the corner but it didn't distract the fun vibe. I would go back but not pay more then $20.
You can never go wrong with Fat Burger.. My honey and I both ordered med. burgers with skinny fries and onion rings. They were all sooo good. Everything was extra hot when they served it to us! Hands down the best burger joint in Vegas!! ;-)
Best selection of international specialty foods Las Vegas has to offer. There is not anything you cannot find here! Been coming here for 15 years ... It gets better each and every year.
Food was good. The spanish chic that waited on me was the worst service I have ever got in a server!  We had to chase down another waitress to get a take out box.  No how is the food?  No would you like a desert?  There are hundreds of restaurants in charlotte pick another one with descent service!
I am too frustrated to even tell the story - but suffice it to say that it took 4 highly annoying phone calls to actually get a receipt.  How can a company possibly make it this hard to do even the simplest thing?
Great Karaoke spot. You never know who you might run into but it's always a welcome surprise.
The food is not that great and it is the priciest vietnamese restaurant in town. The service is the worst thing. The waiters are so mean. Has No manner in customer service. Talk really rude to us when we ask some question. These people need to take a manner lesson.
Fine dining and elegant decor without the pretentious attitude.  Great happy hour bar with the famous \"Paul\" bartending since 2004'.  Ask for a Stoli Doli Pineapple Martini and you will not regret it.  The Porcini Delmonico Steak and Lobster Mac n Cheese rule!!
Disappointing.  The hot and juicy blend was very diluted. Had no flavors what's so ever.
Solid food, just overpriced for what ya get and service can really be hit-or-miss.
The pizza was delish, the service was nice,the cooks were efficient. No complaints, only compliments! :)
Cool, outdoor pool bar at the Montelucia resort.  Good service, great scenery/view and great cocktails!
Penn Brewery is solid. Love the beer cheese, great selection of brews, and always a spacious table to sit and enjoy some kielbasa and pierogis. If I have friends visit the burgh, it's a top 5 spot to take a them to show off our great city.,
Had lunch today for the first time.  I tried the gyro.  Great sandwich and mist excellent French fries.  The only reason im going four star instead of five is because I thought it was a little overpriced for the amount of food that I received.  I will definitely go back and try some other items.
Frank Presciado at VIP Mortgage is great and I would highly recommend him to anyone interested in purchasing/refinancing a home!
Messy store, no customer service and just an all-round bad experience! I think I will take my business elsewhere.
To be fair, I didn't try their food. I went in to try it, and the smell of putrid grease was too much for me to bear. I literally HAD to walk out of there.
Great service (cute Hispanic girl) always kept my husband and my coffee filled, great food, awesome menu!!! red velvet pancakes are the biz!!!!!!! My new favorite spot!!!!!!!
I've been here twice, probably won't be a third time.  Both times, the wait times here were really bad and the service is lackluster.  My entree really sucked the 2nd time I went, too.
Brand new. Stumbled into it Excellent execution on all plates. Roasted halibut, roasted broccoli soup, nice choices for charcuterie plate and interesting texture for shrimp and grits. Highly recommended.
The food was good. The presentation was pretty but the service was slow and we had no idea who our server was. Multiple people stopped at the table and it was confusing. The drinks were good and well priced.
I love Dos...I don't see how you can't. When its nice out this is where you will find me after a great morning by the pool..The steak tacos are great and the atmosphere is super chill! Enjoy :)
Didn't know you were here.  Breakfast sandwich hit the spot. I'll be back
We've been taking our puppy here for daycare for a few weeks now and couldn't be happier!  The facilities are clean and comfortable and the employees are always so nice and happy to see our little guy :)  It's nice to know he's being taken care of by such great people who really love what they do!
One of our favorite quick eats. Especially for pasta! Everything is prepared fresh and made to order. Inspired by Nora's cuisine this place will not disappoint. They also have great lunch specials mon-fri \n11am-3pm. Oh and be sure to grab a cupcake!
I've never left disappointed! Friendly place, not nearly as intimidating as all the tattoos might suggest. :)
I ate breakfast here twice during my stay at the MGM Grand. Sure, it was overpriced, but what do you expect for a restaurant in a casino? My bagel with egg, cheese, and ham was fine, nothing special, but nothing disgusting either. I also had some nachos as a snack. Again, fine.
Careful eating here - This Cheesecake Factory gave me and my wife food poisoning from Chinese Chicken Salad, undercooked chicken or workers handling lettuce. Either way it has a history of unsanitary violations.
So far I am not seeing a better solution than Cox Communications.  Step it up CenturyLink.
I only had the chocolate covered banana with nuts but I absolutely loved it! I saw a lot of people enjoying the fried twinkles and other goodies, not for me =)
Do not go here. The positive reviews must have been written by the dentist himself or his family. \nThe previous reviewer is absolutely right about his interaction with children and adults. I was appalled how he treated our children.
I stayed five nights found blood on my pillow! I used extension cord they called me at five am told me to bring it back or they will charge me! Dump!
Great service and fast making the price well worth it. I had one of my iPhones serviced -- replace the glass -- and it was done well. Thanks for making it look like new!
REALLY enjoyed it! First visit, motorcycle parking outside, GREAT service, friendly waitress, LOVED the spicy potatoes, very reasonably priced. Recommend it!
If you are on the SW side of town, in Spring Valley there is a restaurant called Las Islitas Mariscos that is owned by the same management. Both have delicious micheladas but the service lacks a bit at both restaurants. Ceviche and shrimp empanadas are good as well!!!
Awesome food. So much better than normal fast food. Everything is so fresh and finally another restaurant that had mello yellow. Would definitely recommend and will be my new homegrown soup, salad and  sandwiches.
Best place to grab a bite or drink to escape the heat!  Try their halo-halo... I think it's the best in town.
Great pizza, get the garden pizza, only issue is I feel not safe at all when they lock the door. You have to ring the bell if you want in. What's up with that???
Too many birds on the back patio.  It's to bad because the view is wonderful.
So bomb!
We didn't like the service. Server forgot to bring bread to our tables and then waited 30 minutes to get our vines. It is such an expensive restaurant so we expected little better service quality. Also food portions were very small especially the appts.  Wouldn't go there again
The best Korean restaurants in Wisconsin, period. I ordered a pork cutlet and it was tasty.
All the seats have a good view of the park. Usually a low cost for parking ($4 on average) and a variety of food options. They have a taco cart inside and they are tasty and cost effective. Try to arrive early to pick up will call tickets as folks wait until close to game time and a long line forms.
Excellent food, excellent lunch specials, and excellent service! I highly reccomend!
Genna's introduced me to raspberry Wood Chuck, vodka gimlets, and I'm sure several other drinks. Whenever I went there I could be assured of seeing at least 10 people I like, but the place is infested with hipsters. It's like they're cockroaches addicted to alcohol.
I had the lamb dumplings which were flavorful and I would highly recommend.  Very friendly service from the staff.  And I cherished the more traditional Chinese  seaweed served as the salad.  I'll be coming back just to find this salad.
Had the mixed plate combo with Ono chicken and garlic chicken. They call it the Ono chicken because when you run out you'll say \"oh no.\" The garlic chicken is also amazing
Nothing special here. Food isn't bad but nothing to get excited about. Especially for the price. Service is just ok. Went there with some friends and probably won't go back.
Try the potato cream cheese bread bowl or chicken pesto sandwich. Then relax in Changing Hands afterward..perfect date night!
An unpretentious and welcoming pub, serving a number of real ales and staple grub such as pies. Pop in to catch the rugby on the tv or just for a relaxing session in pleasant surroundings.
No selection, no deserts, okay tasting food. When you go to a vegas buffet, you expect something amazing. This place was no more special to me than your average LA buffet.
Very beautiful hotel. Super sleek and modern. The rooms are a bit small, but it has a very beautiful view of the strip. I've stayed here about 3 times already, and enjoy it every time. Extremely classy place to be.
Incredible food, great service!! \nI would also add and while this is not always important... The restrooms are always spotless!!  Great place look forward to eating here more in the future.
Worst pizza ever. They have no idea how to make a pizza.\nThey advertise \"Chicago Style\" , they don't have any idea what that is.\nThe only reason I am giving it one star is because there isn't a negative star !!!
good.
Stunningly bad... Not sure what else to say but if you're seeking edible Japanese food run in any direction but this place.
GREAT MINI BURGERS!!!!!! the only down fall is that they need more seats to sit down and eat,i understand just opened but I hope in the near future they decide in opening more locations and bigger place. But very very good burger joint.
This place is modern and trendy and for the most part all the employees are good looking but I wasn't impressed.  Eventually modern becomes dated.  So what else do they have to offer???
When I pay more for food I'm expecting it to be made fresh. I asked if I could have light rice in my sushi roll and the waitress informed my that they were pre made.
I don't get it. Feels americanized. Really only liked the salsa, but even that could have been a lot spicier.
I really like supporting local business, so to the bold roost I say........work on your Americano and I'll be back.
The server was rude didn't return my thank you or please. While we were there another table complained about their food and my pancakes weren't fully cooked
Well, you better get in there TONIGHT, Halloween is the last night Freakin' Frog will be open.. so sad to hear and it is true! Tearing down that strip mall.. Great place for live music and beer! Hope they reopen soon!
Seems they switched their veggie burger to some sort of store bought crap. Which sucks, they had an awesome veggie burger. Oh well, its lucky I'm an omnivore! \n\nStill an awesome place to eat, but I miss that veggie burger!
Pros: great place to host a event or special occasion, awesome cookies, clean, room service food good, and great price for a double tree 4 miles from downtown. \nCons: loud A/C bathrooms small, countertops low, outdated, bathtub needs changing
who wants a 9 dollar whopper meal?!  i do!!!
Ask for Rory. The ex-Oregon State Beaver
Nascar weekend, 1 shuttle running from TSA to gates, no very smart.  Almost missed my flight.  Also on a time change day.  Your killing me.
This place was ok. It was nice, clean, and refreshing to walk through the pathway seeing all green. Feeding the koi fish were enjoyable. It was just small. Im curious to how it would look during christmas. I guess i cant complain too much since it was only $5.
Went for brunch and was disappointed but based on the reviews I decided to give hulas another chance for happy hour  I would say drinks only. The food was bland as just sad ex: the rice not cooked and was actually crunchy
I'm a huge sushi fan, theirs was only ok, nothing special.  Atmosphere was great but way too loud for a date, we sat on the patio in the misters and was really nice.  Service was great.
Very disappointing meal. Steak was overcooked and dry. Mac and cheese was bland.  Service was slow. Seems to me they are charging for the view, and the quality of the food is secondary.
Extremely unprofessional owner and staff. They kept taking money from my credit card until my balance became negative. staff needs more training as some of them are rude. I liked the view of my room but everything was ruined by the brunch and the credit card
Great old building. Beautiful stained glass. Food was good - interesting pairings. The tacos were small but filling. The guac is fantastic. Waiter was very rude to a person in our party. Overall - fun place to lunch. Will I return. Meh. Maybe.
They got the good stuff for a very good price.  Always willing to help in any way possible.  If you are looking to get Base Boards, Casing or Trim... start here.  I got my solid pine door casing here as well as my front door hardware (Emtek) looks great!
good food and lots of it but its a bit expensive\n\n\n gift shop is good though
Best Thai place in old town Scottsdale. Great ambiance and good service. The bar was also good. \n\nHad the pad Thai noodles with the vegetarian option. Tasted excellent. \n\nWould highly recommend  this place for people who just want to have a good casual evening.
If you are searching for the perfect French dip, this doesn't even come close. The meat, while plentiful, was dry and flavorless. I added the additional star for the generous portion sizes. If you are stopping by Del Mar, pass on the French dip and give something else a try.
I've yet to play the course but I spend many Sundays on the driving range.  Beautiful view of downtown Phoenix.  Old school feel, lots of fun.
Just discovered this gem! Best hummus in Town, had the Kofta sandwich, french fries (fresh tasty fries) and a side of the red pepper hummus...YUMMMMM! Highly recommend this place!
Work day lunch. First time ever eating peruvian. Staff was friendly and quick. kinda disappoainted when we said no to peruvian beer. \"No cervesa?!\" :) definitely worth trying out!
This place is horrible.  The food is raunchy,  it comes out cold and the Restaurant was so cold inside I wore a winter jacket in the summer.  Avoid this place unless you are almost starving.
Wonton soup tastes gross like they never change the soup in the pot. There's nothing inside the wonton. Worst wonton I have ever eaten. Sweet and sour chicken is wayyyyy too sweet to me. Yuk.
croissants were perfect,  delicious sandwiches,  really sparse menu,  had the Cuban and wife had the cajun chicken. great location,  hip,  quirky,  very pleasant service.
Yeah so it's a dump but its fun and  thats what going to Vegas is about fun. I go there everytime I go to Vegas.
Beef it up Wednesday Brisket platter $9.99  came in last minute and the service was great but the food was cold. Has to send it back and reheat it but it was still tasty.
love via delosantos - good friend GREAT customer service!
Don't waste your money on here, go somewhere else.
Authentic Irish feel with a friendly staff and warm atmosphere. Expected selection of draft beers for an Irish Pub. Good selection of bottled beers.
I've only ate here once my freshman year in 2003...Shortly there afterwards, I stole their Wasabi banner hanging on the railing outside and never have been there since.  Yes, it was planned and no I do not have it anymore.
Just came here and ordered a caesars salad. It was a snack between meals. It was dressed nicely but slightly overseasoned. Nice casual place.
Used to be great, however, they changed the menu and now it is horrible.  We ate dinner there shortly after they changed and it was awful so we decided to give them time to get themselves together as we figured it must be due to the transition.  Wrong!  Have eaten there twice since and still horrible.  We won't be back.
Tuff to find, tacky d\u00e9cor, no draft beer, limited mixed drinks and terrible pizza.  I went in June and it was a big mess.  Hey guess what? I just saw the place on the TV show bar rescue and now it's called the End.  I hope they fixed it.
Went on a Saturday morning at 11. Place was empty but the servers were friendly.  Used an Amazon Local voucher. Good food. The onion rings were really good!
I think I got Chicken Enchilada with green sauce.  Great job.  Lot of TV's.  Very HOT salsa.  Friendly staff.
My wife really enjoyed the beef noodle soup. I ordered the wok fried noodle with chicken though I must say that after we left the restaurant I had to get a salad as I was still hungry.
We enjoyed a memorable dining experience at the bar.\nSuperb dishes with delightful flavors.\nGreat wine.\nThe exquisite flavor of the amuse bouche was the stand out of the entire meal though!\nCannot wait to return.
1. My Carne Asada was grilled, hard tortilla, dry, just nasty.\n2. I paid 5.50 for it! :/\n3. Salsa didn't help much
Avoid Flemings at Pima for happy hour.  Lots of tables vacant, lots of staff hanging around, but no one to get tables ready.  Restaurant needs management.
Love the peanut sauce and the tom yum with coconut milk
This place is the best example of the American Dream that I've ever seen. The owner is probably the hardest working man in the Hot Dog business and takes SUPER GOOD care of his customers. Hard work and pride are alive and well in a little gourmet hotdog shop in North Scottsdale! Check'em Out!
I've always enjoyed both the food and the atmosphere here. The chicken lettuce wraps on the appetizer menu are one of my favorite items. Nice service when sitting at the bar and I always need a takeout container for leftovers.
This place is definitely nice but it lives up for its name, bitter and twisted! The \"No Standing Rule\" needs to go! This place has potential but they need to get it together.
Extremely bad service. I don't like being ignored by the bartender. Won't be going back. Too pretentious for my taste.
By far the best burger I have ever had. Its a hidden gem that everyone needs to visit.
Awful!! They drenched my super-salty hotdog in so much sweet relish I almost couldn't tell how salty the hotdog was. Awful awful awful!!!!! \n\nThe cashier was nice though.
Beautiful presentation but I wish the portions were a touch bigger. The staff was really friendly and I enjoyed some of the different fusion flavors.
The food and coffee at Mate Latte are good and the staff are nice people. Unfortunately, the service is abysmal. Long wait times and wrong meals delivered on more than one occasion brought an end to my patronage.
Restaurant is clean, recently remodeled and the staff is surprisingly friendly for a fast food joint.  I guess it's that Mint Hill charm.  Predictably awesome buttermilk biscuits and good coffee and the line moves fast even on Saturday and Sunday mornings.
I'll say it again: it's a mall. The only difference here is it's in the ghetto Planet Hollywood and therefore a little more affordable for most folks. It's really dark though, and bathrooms are hard to find.
Cool spot. \"Off the grid\" Bring friends. Cheap drinks. Cool games - jenga, connect four, shuffle board. Not that bullshit Vegas strip scene.\nThey have a \"First Friday\" crowd every first of the month
I came by this location right before closing time to order a bunch of fried chicken for my friends.  They were out of a lot of stuff, but the guy was nice enough to throw in what he could.  Chicken was delicious, though.  Worth the drive over the KFC that was around the corner.
Takes way too long to purchase something, because of all the hoops they force you to jump through.  Shoe fitting is recommended for sure.  Don't sign up for the auto-renewing \"VIP\".
The coffee and food are excellent.  The store a little expensive.
I LOVE the Mild Machacha Burrito.  Trust me the hot one is way to hot.  Food is great but owner/staff not to friendly.  Kinda reminds me of the Soup Nazi.  Best to call ahead for your order.
Very good food loved the noodles and the service was outstanding.  The only knock is the outward appearance, a little strip mallish
Typical LA Fitness. This one has a lap pool and decent equipment. If you want to go when it isn't busy go around 11-3 and 9 to close. From what I seen those times there isn't a lot of people there. I hate waiting for weights or machines to open especially when you have people that keep talking and hanging out.
Grade: C-\n\nLess than average service. Almost okay food. Spendy.
I lived near this place for two years and almost never bought anything. Eventually I just stopped going. This is the Goodwill that everybody goes to, so you're not going to find anything here. And I hate that they make you check all bags. Usually, I just walked past because inevitably I had a bag with me.
The best museum in Montreal. The temporary exhibitions are of very high quality. Love Saturday and Sunday morning time for visit. Less people and you can have the chance a volunteer to guide you through the exhibit.
Just ok.. Make sure u bring cash they don't accept cc's!
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! If u are hungry, this is the place to be! All meals are well garnished and meals looks presentable. The ribs are awesome and the chicken pot pie is the BOMB!
OK, the supervisor came out and did a good install, no leaks and it doesn't wobble. Had he only come the first time we could have avoided a YEAR of TROUBLE and frustration. I'll give them another star for finally taking care of me.
Stuffed mushroom on appetizer menu Delicious very large beer menu.
It's hard to find a good place in this big city to call \"Your BBQ Pit\" but Dickies totally makes you feel at home. We go every Monday and have been for about a year and a half now and absolutely love it! Employees never forget a face and know your meal on the spot.
Came upon this spot a few days ago! Good selection and good products! I didn't get to try the millionaire bars that people have been raving about but I'll make that a priority on my next visit!
Good stuff with the Mrs.
Love the donuts here. I went in that day and got a strawberry smoothie. Not bad and the customer service was exceptional.
Talk about a burger! Order the Grand lux burger and it was so big that you need 2 people to finish it.  Everything we ordered at our table was pretty good overall.  The food was great and they gave large portions too.  Definitely one of the best cafes in Las Vegas for a quick bite.
After waiting 20 minutes they finally tell me they are out of sausage for both my sandwiches. Had to get a different meat. Thanks for ruining my breakfast! Tell people sooner next time so they can just leave! 45 min round trip.
Just okay.  I ordered the pizza well done, which it wasn't, but the manager insisted it was.  Why argue, it's after work and I want to go home.  The reheated leftovers were better the next day,  Think I'll just call Pizza Hut next time and spend about the same money without the travel.
They got my order wrong and the food tasted old. My malt tasted really bad like they made if with expired icecream. I got only have my order. I'm not eating here again or at any Carl's jr was the worse service I have received.
A great service to the Phoenix area and an amazingly kind and accommodating staff. \n\nThey make custom engraving an easy process for the everyday consumer. \n\nCustomer service is also the best in this city's industry from what I have experienced. \n\nThank you!
eh. i've only come here late at night so i haven't had their food or been there for happy hour but i hated the staff. they were rude and all looked miserable. the drinks were good and priced a little above average. not the worst place ever but i wont bother going there again with lolitas right next to it
I really like this spot! No complaints :)
This exhibit was lovely and the people who work there are all REALLY nice and helpful/knowledgeable, but it is really really pricey. Adults are $18 weekdays and it is really a one hour kind of place. The butterflies are beautiful and the movie about the life of a butterfly is informative.
Service was adequate, coffee was better than average, the line was short, and the price was better than Starbucks (so was the coffee.)
They take the most care fixing your espresso of any coffee shop I've been to. \nVery consistent, and consistently friendly.
Pizza's ok. Customer service is awful.
Decent alcohol selection but unfortunately the bartenders don't know how to make proper cocktails and are snob enough to be rude with the clientele. Avoid if you want a good evening.
I got food poisoning a few days ago from the Lasagna. I'm just now recovering. I think I should get my money back!
The food is good and the staff true Nepalese, friendly and soft spoken. This brings me back to my time in Kathmandu
Good food. Staff is really nice. Erica she was a little snotty but over all a good place to be. Good vibes for the most part. They have karaoke and pool too. Cool place.
Every time I eat here I remind myself why I haven't been there recently. I had the NY strip and the meat was tough but flavor was good. It was overpriced. My husband felt his seafood was undercooked and only picked at it.
Cool local sports dive bar.  I didn't eat this time, but the food looked really good and I heard the pizza is a must try.   The owner was really cool too.
1 block from the strip. NOT in a casino. Room was clean and comfy. The kitchen was useful, at least the fridge was.
Want more coverage for less money? Call Jeremy..he saved us money last year and even more this year. He calls you back, is on time and is easyto work with. Call him today and get a quote.My whole family is insured with All Kinds Of Ins. Diane Davis
This review is for Oscar behind the bar.  He is simply the best and hardest working bartender I have ever seen and believe me I've been in plenty of bars.
Couldn't be any more satisfy with Gustavo's work. Same day service. He repaired my carpet at a reasonable price and quick. Thanks!!!!
Not my fav fox concept restaurant. First time I felt like I paid more than it was worth, though the patio area is beautiful.
a very nice looking buffet in terms of decor, but the food presentation was bad, the food wasn't that great, and I didn't get to sit out where the nice decor was.
Omg!! This one is the best too me!! I Always go to this one..
No rating (just putting that in theater 12 there is a speaker in the front right that may be damaged. I heard a crack sound ((a sound a speaker makes when damaged))\n\nOtherwise a fun movie experience. \n\nCheers
Average taste, huge portions
The food is decent, but not worth the price of admission, in my opinion. I much prefer the buffet at Wynn - better taste, better presentation, better ambiance.
I've been in this store a few times but mostly all at night or early AM. I have never have had any issues with service. It's conventionally located to home. It's open 24/7 & has most things one may need. Prices are a little more expensive vs Wal-Mart but you pay for the convenience!
Wonderful place for nails. Erica is a perfectionist - your nails will look their absolute best. Reasonably priced,  clean,  and friendly.
The service department needs a overhaul. I do not even know where to start.
Pretty easy trail but you have to pay a vehicle fee to get in.  The view isn't as great as some of the other peaks closer to Phoenix, but it's nice to avoid the crowds once in a while.
I've only been here once, but I didn't get what all the hype is about.  It's good, better than Subway, but that's not saying much.  At least their open late, and on Sundays.
I'm in love with Mexican food, period. I travel quite a bit and always order the Carnitas Burrito and here I've returned often to. Drive thru is a little tough to find, but the staff is always friendly, and visited them many a late night(s). Thank guys!
Best place for beer in the Phoenix area, hands down!  Great craft beers on tap and amazing selection of bottles for breweries around the US.  Make your own 6 pack and bring it home if you want.\n\nThe buffalo chicken pizza is also really good.
Not impressed at all.  It's expensive & just don't think the quality is there.
No more $1 Tecates! They're now $2 (in a bucket of 5). Also no more $3 Cazadores shots. House margaritas are still $4.95 (haven't tried one yet) and 2 for 1 coupons can be found in local tourist rags.
The Tequila Bar 'Chos are massive!  \n\nLike get the whole drunk crew to share massive!\n\nTacos are now $2
Atmosphere is amazing, absolutely beautiful location. The food was sub par. The tacos were soggy and the enchiladas were bland. I'll go back for drinks but I'll eat elsewhere.
Not even one star.
This place is great! It's rare to find a place that makes fantastic cocktails, has great food, and a great beer list. We came here from Chicago and there's a place in Evanston called Ward Eight that is very similar. I highly recommend.
Customer service is less that steller.  Had to chase someone down to get assistance with a pair of shoes.  The floor associate made it clear via his facial expressions, that he didn't want to be there, and he didn't really care if he helped anyone or not.
Ah the W Scottsdale, and for NYE - what can I say? It's a scene of well made up people trying to impress each other. I just take it all in. They had a band doing Michael Buble-type stuff that was entertaining, and the bartenders were getting it done so I can't complain.
I love the Iced Chai's here. Very rich and sweet. I've not tasted chai like this anywhere else. Great prices and a friendly staff too!
I admit, I'm a Carl's Jr fan.  They have such tasty burgers!!  \n\nAnyways, I used to frequent this location more often when I lived down here.  Open early, stay open late, with a very clean lobby area.  Can't complain!
Steve Fisher of Redline Marketing  was a pleasure to work with and has valuable imformation of how to propel your online presence with minimal efforts. Steve will tak the time to review your business needs with you and custom tailor a program to suit the you. I would highly recommend him!
Why eat fast food when you can have sushi! Always taste fresh, everything is made on the spot. Super quick service, nice people, I've never been disappointed! Try the crispy rice with tuna or salmon, yum!
Foam cups is about the only thing good about this place.  Food is below average.  I will not go back.
Great little place! Food is good quality at an affordable price. The fried rice is excellent! Better than some of the more expensive places around the strip! Family dinner with soup, fried won tons, 2 entrees and fried rice was more than enough for a family of 3 at a reasonable prices.
Nice place for homemade food. Large portions so you will not be hungry , and affordable for senior citizens too! My mom likes this place. Cod & ribs & prime rib & breakfast are pretty taste !
Came in for happy hour with a girl friend. The beer on tap was cheap but the food wasn't amazing the calamari was bland and the sauce wasn't good. The wings were ok but tasted a little chewy. The bartender was really nice. I probably won't be back though
Love this place !! They know their stuff, friendly n jus plain awesome!
Shawn is a master stylist&,colorist.  She maintains the highest level of professionalism all the while keeping your hair at it's healthy, most beautiful state. She is a full service salon . Come in and let Shawn or one of her team members bring out your hidden diva....lol
Caesars is a timeless place. They keep updating their restaurant roster. Try Payards for desert or Central for a some awesome comfort food.
Nobou presents itself as Japanese tapas. The flavors were quite amazing - the portions, even for tapas, were quite small however. We ordered 6 plates and 2 beers and walked out with a $120 bill. It was quite a treat but the price was somewhat of a turn off.
I'm in search for the best Pastrami in Las Vegas. First stop Subway. I ordered the 6 in. Pastrami. The portion of Pastrami was small compared to add ons. The meat lacked flavor, even the jalapenos I added had no heat. So, no suprise here.
Very high quality ingredients with great service. The atmosphere is fun if you sit at the bar, intimate if you sit in a booth, or great for families or parties at a table. My husband and I love this place. They will custom make anything, also. \nSake bomb, anyone? :-)
Still enjoy this place. They have a variety of items on the menu. I like the Jun's Special. Lots of sides as usual.  11am is a busy time. Call ahead if taking out. They also have thir sauces available for sale.  Clean and comfortable. Never had a bad meal here.
I work right down the street from this restaurant and it's great everytime.  The staff is alwasy so nice.  The food always tastes freash.  i definitely recommend a visit if you're in the mood for Mexican.
Food was just average.
My meal was wonderful but my daughters not so much the chicken was over cooked but the did try to replace, it just took to long so we declined and they made an adjustment to the bill.  I had talked the chicken up so it was disappointing to have it happen on there first visit!!
The breakfasts here are great. The menu offers many choices and great service. For lunch one day I had the ham and cheese sandwich which came with amazing little potato chips. \nThis location is much more low key than the other restaurants in Encore and would be great if a family was staying with many different ages in the group.
Went there and arrived @6:30 and the shop closes at 7:00.  Was told that they had no time to give me a haircut.  Have to admit that I have never been somewhere that if you arrived before closing would not try to accommodate you.  Must be an appointment only facility, can't say that I would recommend.
Overall did not do a good job on my gel manicure. The brand of gel they use is cheap and doesn't lay smoothly. My nails had to be redone and wasn't even the color I chose. Unimpressed and will not be returning.
Not sure if it was because we were all super extremely drunk but the shrimp burritos were bomb.com
I've been going to \"The Greek\" for nearly 5 years now. If you work downtown, you won't find a better lunch experience - tasty food and friendly atmosphere. Stacy & George treat you like family (extra points if you're a Cubs/Bears/Bulls/Blackhawks fan - in that order)
I've tried the poutine all over Montreal and definitely Decarie's is one of the best. It's the sauce that has some zing to it. Check out the chicken club sandwich that's made with real chicken breast and not that pressed garbage...
Feel like being treated like an asshole by some pencil necked geek, because you asked for a dark roast at 2:30 in the afternoon?  Then this is the place for you!
I ate here twice last week while in Tempe on vacation. The Cinncinati chili 5 way was AMAZING. The service was pretty good as well.  Highly recommend this place for great food, and a relaxing enviornment
Don't get me wrong the spa is beautifiul but I was disappointed.  There is only one hot pool would like there to be more. Also there was only fruit would like to have a little more to eat while I was there.  Aria is a much better spa.
GReat service and great food.  Gets a little loud when it become a club, but heck you're in Vegas, what do you expect.  I would recommend.
Oh soooo good!!!
This place is a great addition to the North Shore the food is excellent, i would highly recommend the pot roast burger. The main bar is huge with plenty of TV's to catch all the games. And the cigar bar is a the only indoor place you can smoke on the north shore.
Ordered online,  and recieved a phone call to specify the address including the cross streets. Recieved a call an hour later from a different person who went the opposite direction,  who told me it would be another hour before he would bring me a cold pizza. Explained multiple times to cancel the order then.
Ask for Alex to help with tire purchase. He doesn't try to just sell the tires. Customer's satisfaction is matter most to him. He is one of the best managers in discount tire chain. I recommend this place. Great service!
I would give 0 stars.  I waited over 95 minutes to be seen for a cough and an UTI.  I was told I was too sick to be treated.  They  charged $87.00 for turning me away.  This is a scam and malpractice!!!!!
Good bye Unlimited ..Thanks for the Gelato  and Coffee  We will miss you! \n\nIt's closed....
They care a lot of organic baby food and that is why I go there. I wish they would get that speaker fixed so the music is not so annoyingly static. Everyone is very helpful. Except for one guy that will remain nameless and didn't know how to use the computer so I had to do it for him.
Food is so so but the ice cream is great! Great place for tweens.
Meatball greatness! My Nona would be proud
One of our favorite places.  Great beer, amazing BLT, plenty of choice for burgers, great for kids, friendly staff
I gave them one more chance and this stay was equally is irritating.  I'm done with them.  It's time to move on to hotels that actually understand what customer service is.
We ordered a sausage pizza. It was not good. It seemed like they used some kind of breakfast sausage instead of regular Italian sausage. We won't be eating there again!
Terrible experience. After an hour and a half, we called to see what was talking so long. They said that they had lost our order, but that they could get us a pizza in 45 minutes. Two hours and fifteen minutes is too long to wait for bad pizza. So I canceled my order and just made top ramen!
Waterloo has so many pita choices. I don't know why people come to pita pit. The pitas are much smaller and more expensive than can be found elsewhere.
This is cool place to eat. Great atmosphere and good food. Good people. Food has been great every time I go.
Quick and friendly service! They also have a lunch buffet from 1130-130, but I am not sure what it consists of, as I missed the cut off time. I miss the old Pizza Huts with the salad bar and great wings!
Must stop here for breakfast if you're in Vegas! Awesome food and great service, Thank u Carole Ann!! Try the corn beef hash.. Homemade and delicious!
Best seafood pho in Charlotte! They add enoki mushrooms and crawfish, yum.
They're staying late so my hubby can pick up some juice for me!!!  They are the BEST!!!   \n\nInfinite flavors!!!  Oh, yeah!
Omar is the best! Had my first service with him today and my color and cut look great. Took my hair from drab to FAB!!
It's the whitest Mongolian Barbecue EVER. And not in a good way. What kind of Mongolian place serves tortillas and pepperoni?! No thank you.\n\nThe only reason it doesn't get one star is that it didn't taste horribile.
My husband and I eat here at least once every two weeks for dinner. The food is always good and the waitress always remembers what we like to order. My favorite is the panang curry with chicken and I order extra vegetables. My husband orders the Pad Thai with chicken. Yum
THIS IS NO LONGER A SE\u00d1OR TACO!!  It was replaced by sub par place. Not nearly as delicious!
I can't complain. My french toast (bread from Mirabelle) was delicious, fairly priced and a petite amount (that's all it should be).  It was a Sunday special and I would most definitely go back and dine!
Great food! Everyone had a great meal.  I tried the kids pizza as well and was surprised at how good it was. Our kids loved the bread and dipping it in olive oil. We had a great night out and will be going back again.
I was surprised at how authentic the food was here! Very yummy, a lot of options to customize the perfect dinner. Add a fried egg for a buck!
There is only one waiter and there are 7 tables waiting, and each of the table has large group. We waited for our food for 50 mins. I can see the waiter running around. Just get more employees, or don't want people to come.
Beautifully designed. I lived in Southern Spain and it brought back many great memories with the Andalusian decor. Customer Service was fabulous and the beds were super comfy! If you are looking for a getaway, this is your place!
I come here alot and their foods are extraordinary. The atmosphere is nice too. Be sure to order their lemonade, it was squeesh fresh when we went there. Really good serving size too. Iam sure you wont be able to finish one pastry alone.:)
Was referred for an xray by my doctor. Unfortunately they had some maintenance happening on their machine when I went the first time, so the second time there was a 90 minute wait. However, when I went back the next morning, it was only 15 minutes. The tech was fast and boom I was finished. Good little place!
Jilly's was a crappy bar. It closed.
This is where pseudo hippies and eco yuppies cluster to drink coffee and cultivate awareness.
Nice place with a very interesting twist: bikes and a cafe.  I had an iced mocha and it was very refreshing.
Really cool spot in Scottsdale.  Just dropped in on a random 'Taco Tuesday' food was great and staff was super.
Good Pizza and Wings. I'd rather have Sardella's than Pizza Hut or Domino's.\nThey also have great week day specials.  Excellent customer service is a plus!!!!
Was okay food, but they overcharge for it.
Not great.  Poor bar selection and I heard staff \"praying\" they would not get busy...  sounds like they don't want customers...
We had a great time here.  They had great service. We had someone greet us from the bar as soon as we walked in.  They also have great food.  Their pretzel bites appetizer is amazing.  The happy hour specials were also a great deal.  If you are in the neighborhood, definitely check them out.
Weird illuminati pyramid as you drive up from the south = coolest thing about this place.
Great atmosphere and delicious food! We came with a large party and we were very well cared for. The table side guac presentation was awesome and our food came super fast! Props to Paco in the kitchen for a delicious meal!!
I'm not quite sure how to rate this.  In Germany this food would be 2 star food at best.  Add on another star for the live music.  IF you've never been to the real one, this is 4 or 5 stars.
I've tried most of the curries and they are all good!  The pad see ew is awesome! The menu is so extensive you can order a different dish every time. I've never had a bad meal here. \n\nThe service is fast and friendly!
I woke up feeling absolutely awful. I was able to get in right away & I was seen by the PA,  Michelle Wine.  She was so sweet, and was able to tell me my diagnosis,  call in my prescription & give me notes for work/school. My insurance referred me & I am very happy that they did. 100 times
Super Bomb dot com!!! One of the best polish dogs I have ever had!!! Thanks frenchy for the blissful mango sauce and spicy mustard covered dog!
Creepy bar scene hahahaha Good thing I was in good company.  The drinks were strong at least, perhaps to mask the weird people that show up.  \n\nGlendale bars are weird man
Good standard Chinese food with a little Thai thrown in.  A little expensive if you are thinking of Chinese take out prices, but the food was good and so was the service.  I will be back.
This is the worst Wendy's I have ever been to, and sadly it's the closest one to work. They can never ever ever get an order right and deeply needed to be educated on what gluten free means.
I'm not impressed. Service was slow. I got the new sweet potato fries they were under cooked & overly salty. The new sweet corn cake was just ok. The chicken was the only semi-decent part of the meal. I won't be coming back.
The service was good, the food was varied:  Hummus trio was fabulous, mahi mahi tacos were very bland and creme brulee was so/so.  All in all, not bad but, not somewhere that I would seek out to go back to.
I don't really go to McDonald much so lately when I stopped to pick up my favorite No. 11 fish fillet meal that the meal has gotten smaller but the price is the same. I mean really a lot smaller.
I think they are lying about it being frozen yogurt. It taste just like ice cream! I went here bc I wanted frozen yogurt. I like the taste of frozen yogurt. Not here, you'll get ice cream. It's good for Ice cream but taste nothing like frozen yogurt.
Gelato outstanding Latte was great \nPastry was stale maybe it was the little woman serving it on Aug 8 2012 8:30am\nAwful attitude
We actually had the brunch buffet here which I was fairly pleased with.  There is a plenty to choose from and it is a good deal if you want to avoid the more expensive buffets that are found elsewhere around the Strip.  I enjoyed all that I got and my husband loved that fried rice was included on the menu.
Very nice sushi and service.
Never and I say NEVER input your real social security # and phone #'s unless you want to be harassed for the rest of your life.  The kicker is there's no way to close your account or stop being harassed, even after you click \"unsubscribe\".
lots of fun
Well there's $40 that I'll never get back. On the plus side, I'm stuffed to the gills. On the negative, there are so many varieties of bland meat in me right now that I'm not sure what to do. If you're going to get food here, maybe just don't.
Tater tots and pretzel bun burgers. YUM.\nThis place has yet to disappoint. Parking is tricky even with valet but it always works out.
This fat mexican chick didn't take our orders. We tried to get her attention but she still ignored us. We waited for an hour before we left. Bad service if you get the FAT mexican chick.
I am shocked at the previous review. We LOVE Dr. Valladares.  He is really friendly and thorough.  He will fully EXPLAIN what is going on in your mouth in a way no other dentist has ever done in my experience.  All 5 members of my family go to him and we couldn't be happier.
Been a few times as it is on my commute.  Great looking space, but that is the best thing about this place.  Lousy service, not so friendly, slow.  Coffee is fine but not at the level of Luxe.  Want to like it but it aint happening.
Horrible service sat for 45 minutes no rolls ever came. We walked out. Disappointing!
This place is great. Never a bad experience here. Consistent good food and consistent good service. A great go-to breakfast spot.
Burgers are fabulous here when I've visited!  Servers are nice too!
If you have a hankering for a taste of New Mexico this place is the real deal.  I've been craving some carne adovada for some time now - a visit here satisfied that craving!  Good food, reasonable prices and well maintained.  I'll be back!
Not as good as China a go go I usually go to but still ok. green valley location is the best!!!!
If you love a bargain especially from NM and Saks- well this is your place to go...this vacuous space contains retail stores that offer clearance prices...don your rollerblades cuz its going to take a while ;-)
My husband and I hired agave to remove a bunch of large, overgrown shrubs and to install a new landscape. The crew did an amazing job and our backyard looks great! Geoff was wonderful to work with and easy to contact directly! I highly recommend!
I really enjoyed this restaurant for a friend's birthday celebration.  The best part was the cheap Fireball shots with the check-in deal.  Also the food was very good!  But whiskey is my weakness...
Huge, flavorful burrito, great drink selection, friendly service, and charming patio seating.
Sunday 2 4 1 refills are great
Great place to go for great beer and amazing food. It is really hard to have a group larger then 6 to get a table together sense they really don't allow reservations.
Worth every penny. Be careful not to eat too much! Seafood is A+! Seriously good\n\nWow. Worth every penny; even sitting at the bar.
Great place nostalgic of old Vegas.  I should say the pasta much more tasty than the steak.  Great veal parmigiana .  Free limo..what else can I say?
If you truly want 5 star assistance, look no further. If it's sales you need ask for Charlie Lange. He has outstanding product knowledge and is a true car guy.
I love this place! I cannot believe it took me nearly five years to finally visit after moving to Wisconsin. This is a wonderful place! I love that it's free. I went because I wanted to seethe Thai Pavilion, while it was my favorite thing there, the rest of the gardens were very impressive. I would highly recommend it.
The pizza wasn't horrible,  but the deal was awful.  The prices are extremely high at Dominos in general,  and their medium 2 topping is a rip off.  Low rating is for price vs.  Quality,  and value.
closed - this is now la canasta.
Not a Turkish restaurant. And when it was, created bad reputation for Turkish food. I'm not sure how it is as a steak retaurant now, make sure it's not the same owner anymore...
Still no communication from TOCA, they obviously do not care about their customers. Oh that's right, we are not customers, we are patients. I was corrected by their staff. Thanks for pointing that out!
Cheap covered parking and the shuttles get you to the airport in minutes...if you book online you can get it for even cheaper.
Went for lunch and we all ordered Carne asada burrito. Food was plain and overpriced for what you get.
I will never eat or drink at this location. The waitress took 30 minutes to take my order and the cook handled all kinds of raw food without ever changing his gloves.
Only a few days in business and the food is good!  Burgers and toppings are well done... The Smash Fries are flavorful without being 'too much.'  A little expensive for the portions, but not excessive. We'll be back.
Words can't say how much I love this place!  The baked mussels are too die for!  Also my favorite rolls here are the Drum Roll and Stacie Roll. I've never had a combination of sushi like these before. I wish I could give more than 5 stars. Yummy!
Yummy food and I'm so happy to find a good breakfast place in Tempe with mimosas! Went on a Sunday and it was really busy, but we were still able to find a seat fairly quickly and the food came fast. Love the patio seating and the grilled cheese I had was tasty.
I have been to many Thai restaurants in the Valley and this is the one that I aways go back to. Their roasted duck is consistently good. Get the Ped gang daeng (801).
This establishment looks very appealing.. Ambience is nice, but their business would probably benefit by putting the correct closing weekday hours on their website. My boyfriend and I drove all the way from mountains edge to catch their late happy hour (12-3a) but unfortunately we arrived to find out that last call is at 145am, not 3.
Such care is taken to make sure your cocktail is as fantastic as it can be!\nThe social chemists here will have you coming back for more!\nPinto & Keith behind the bar along with Kristi & Carolyn serving you...pure ecstasy!
Great service and steve the bartenders alway cool.. Pool tables and dart boards well kept.
Seriously- ice cream sandwiches 5 star?NO way! The ice cream gelato is good but the ice cream sandwiches is buttered bread with ice cream UGH! Definitely don't know  what all the hype is about
worst service ever, i moved from one location to another the rep messed everything before i was billed $35, it went all the way up to $65 with same contract service, been calling them for two months never have fixed my bill, worst company ever..
I liked the memorabilia in each room we got the \"Coming to America\" room. I also enjoyed the view we could see the Belagio's water show from our window.
Good seafood close to downtown vegas good preparadas that their version of micheladas but they are f nnn bomb try them out
SOUP. FALAFEL. DRINK. $2 (+tax).\n\nIt's not a big falafel, and the quality is no Boustan, but it's still two dollars for a full meal. Not to be messed with.
It's a fantastic place to get drunk off cheap drinks. The entire staff is friend and willing to wait for you to decide on what frozen slushy you want.
Had an amazing experience here this weekend. I live for Italian food and can say this was some of the best I've had. Not to mention Franco was an absolute gem - started us off with prosciutto and cheese, topped us off with some limoncello - made the first dining adventure that much better :)
I've always been a fan of Tokyo Express but was disappointed when I returned from a long blank in patronage to find that the portions had decreased. Not much change in pricing but an obvious decrease in the portions. I guess everyone is compensating in every way they can. The food was still good and as I remember it.
I have been coming here every month for 5 years to see the same technician. I would never go anywhere else.
I used to walk past this everytime i went to and from work when i worked in the area.  It's a lovely garden and looks quite peaceful just sit and watch the world away!
It was just kinda meh. The coffee wasn't the best that I've ever had. The service wasn't anything special. I tried to come here to do some class work and couldn't get wifi in some parts of the store.
Great lunch specials and great food.
Making an appointment was a breeze.  Getting them to show up was not.  Twenty-five minutes past my appointment time, I called to be told the groomer would call me back.  Ten minutes after that, the groomer said she was 15 minutes away.  I thanked them for their time and called my regular groomer.
The chilled udon wasn't the best haha\nBut I have to admit. The service was excellent and I love the sashimi. :) will come again next time and choose something better to rate for a five star ;)
This place is the bomb.  We bring all our visitors here.  They have good fresh seafood at very reasonable prices.  We like to get the trifecta seasoning mild.  You go here for the food and the fun environment.  I have been several times and will be back several times.
Very nice place, echo the other reviews. Wine list was surprisingly decent with a nice selection and not overly priced. The cracklin' pork shank was great as were many of the appetizers (chicken wings, Calamari, and Crab dip). Service was good as were the surroundings.
This is one of my favorite places to stop in when I'm looking for something to do. Its nothing special at all but its crowded and fun to grab a free drink, cheap snack and play actual coin slots near open entrances with the activity of Fremont street. The long line for deep fried Oreos is worth the wait!
I work at starbucks so you can imagine my disappointment when my drink was made wrong. Please pay more attention to what your customers say. That and smile. Y'all look like you hate your jobs.
Great cocktail service and it's spacious, yes, but there's no jackpot! Lame.
Maharaja is a great Indian buffet restaurant. You can try anything or everything, quality is good, no waiting. The atmosphere is very utilitarian but friendly. A great place to take hungry college students who want some authentic ethnic food!
This is a really good Bikram studio.  The first class was really hard and it gets a little less challenging but never easy.  I have been practicing for about two months and now just can not wait to go to the next class.
Fresh, exciting, exquisite. A great breath of fresh air. Great beers available to pair with some bangin' ass comfort food. Why ask for more?
Great food. Outside heaters not working!!! Cold!!!
Cant beat a $10 smog check. They try to hit you up for more \"services\" but you can always just say no.
Great burgers, cheap beer, friendly staff, and a relaxed dive-ish atmosphere.  What else could you want?
I've been thinking to stop by forever so I finally did.\n\nI'll keep this review short and simple. It's OK. If you're around, give it a shot (there's not much in that side of the 101) but don't drive more than 2 miles for that. Just saying.
Worst bar ever- bar tender had a attitude the whole time & talk shit about the bar that he worked at and the place smelt like the sewer  never coming back (Paul and Bradley)
Absolutely no customer service! Four people standing around and only one teller. Manager needs some training
Super high pressure sales guy who became an ass when I didn't purchase his $165 sealant.
Always a nice place to see when you're here.
Looks great. In reality, not so great.\n\nMy party of 8 didn't enjoy it. And we really wish we did given the long wait we had to endure. Overrated and overhyped -- and not to mention far!\n\nNext!
Tuesday trivia nights.  Awesome weekly specials.  Seriously badass beer selection.  Only down fall is no UFC.  But plenty of other places have that.  This place is my go to spot.
Me and my sister went there yesterday for lunch.  Both of us had the tr-tip sandwich and it was excellent.  I'm thinking of going back right now!  I'll probably change to 5 stars after a few more visits.
Just bad. Period. F this location.
Delicious baked goods and friendly atmosphere. A great addition to the Arcadia area dining scene.
I almost gave it 3 stars because the pink flamingo smoothie was tasty, but overall it was a 2 star experience. \nThere was poor customer service and I didn't feel any good vibes at all. They never acknowledged me or greeted me. They were not friendly. \nNext stop: the chopshop!
Reopening this friday
I like it. It has a nice feel about the place. Also has an extensive liquor bar with many Irish whiskies. It's clean and inviting with many Tvs and an arcade area as well as pool tables.  If they had a kitchen and served food it would make it an awesome hang out.
Decent food at a fairly reasonable pricess (for vegas). Server was friendly and helpful
I had the monttery burger. W/o the bbq sauce. It was gooood! Good fries too (seasoned). Good atmosphere. Typical bar. We ate @ 6:45 pm or so on a wensday and good atmosphere to bring a 12 y/o.
Totally passable. Clean and compact. Not many amenities. Good place to connect to other lathers airports.
Absolutely love Tease it Up.  Tara is THE best!!  Great quality work at fair prices in a relaxed atmosphere.
I've never had korean mexican fusion before.  It's an interesting concept.  I had some burritos and nachos.  Food was decent. Service was ok.  Overall a 3.
Dinned hear for my last night in Las Vegas.  I sat at the bar and had a great bartender (my cousin), who introduced me to their steak, with greens.  It was an unbelievable combination.  I hear their pizza is also pretty good, but I didn't attempt it after trying to topple their steak.
My chicken parm was okay. But my mom ordered the salmon and that was amazing. My Aunts was also ok and why it only got 2 stars. I would expect for consistency especially with how prices all the food is. Having to track down your waiter is another reason for its low score
I've never had a problem flying in or out of this airport. It's a real small airport and pretty simple to get around in, the only down fall I think there is with this airport is that you have to go outside to smoke, and you have to take a bus to the rental place.
and 5 more stars and 5 more stars.  you will never understand if you don't try it.  THEY MAKE ICE CREAM FROM SCRATCH just for you.  You've never tasted ice cream this good!!  Go, GO!  This is a must.  Mint chocolate chip and oreo for the win!!
This place sucks!!!! Jus went there and they wont call the interlock place so you can get an oil change, you need an appt...but if its a repair they will do it...what a joke!!! Dont ever go here again!!! Chandler location has way better customer service
I did not like their food at all. Had one dish, sent it back, the second plate was just as horrible. Not close to authentic Mexican food at all. The atmosphere is very nice though. The authentic music made the atmosphere even better! Haven't gone back since I went the first time. Go at your own risk!
I looove this boutique.  It is my go to place for that fun party outfit.  Mandy and her gals are so fun and helpful (not pushy...really don't like that).
Our 4th visit. Food was as good as ever. For the quality of food it is surprising to find not too many patrons. We don't mind the quiet though.
Took an hour to get our food and did not even have silverware until after we got our food. It was not busy. \n\nTwo stars because the manager compensated us greatly for the inconvenience. Food was good one we got it and the manager hooked us up afterwards.
Great Service.\nIf I return, I will Build My Own burger as the ones on the menu had clashing flavors.  If you want medium rare, ask for rare, ours came out medium.\nGreat Beer Selection.
By far, THE BEST breakfast buffet in Vegas. They've got it all.\n\nBenedict, Crepes, eggs, all meats, wonderful desserts. I would not suggest this buffet at dinner time, but for lunch, you CAN NOT MISS IT!
While it's nearly next door to Z Pizza it couldn't be farther from what they offer.  The pizza is New York style and is a nice change from the anemic California style offered at Z Pizza.  They offer calzone and I'm a huge fan.
K they redeemed themselves. After wanting 23 min past my resv, svc was excellent. Food great and it's a lot. Did the 140 per person, choice 2 steaks , appetizer , salad, sides, and dessert OMG
Had a great time. The view was fantastic. 5 course meal was awesome. Can't wait to come back. Top notch!
One of the best places to have a good meal near Carnegie Mellon. I highly recommend the crab cake burger.
The blueberry pie is outstanding!
This place just gets better and better. The bacon from the butcher counter is just wonderful, and has an unusual flavor. The breakfast menu had gotten better recently. The eggs benedict is just delicious!
The sauce tasted like it came out of a can. The ribs aren't smocked, they are oven cooked and very, very, mediocre. The staff was very friendly, but the food just tasted bland. I love BBQ, but not T.C.'s version.
This location is just ok. Set back in a strip mall, I typically prefer the drive thru locations. They don't give me any trouble redeeming coupons, which I appreciate.\n\nThe shop is small and the tables are wobbly so take your food and smoothies to go.
Shattered my iPhone and he was able to come out to my house and fix my phone within an hour! Very professional and works very quickly! Will refer to all of my friends!
Bob Zany, Zan (Alexandria) Auferheide funny!  Always a good show at the Improv. Zan was so funny, kidding with the Las Vegas audience, those poor Oklahomans! Bob Zany, I've seen on Comedy Central, but his stand up  routine is so much funnier live!
Crap wine selection served in dirty glasses. The food was good, but the dirty glass makes me wonder if the plate was even clean. Great fast service so I have to give them some credit.
The Asst Mgr, Roddy went above and beyond in helping me to resolve an issue with homedepot.com. Thanks to his exceptional customer service, and patience with this extremely upset customer, I will continue using Home Depot as my supplier. Great Job
Great service and fresh good food. I enjoy the smoothies as well! What a great place to get a healthy meal breakfast, lunch or dinner.
Great service! in and out very plessant service.  wish i lived closer to this store.. the people in this store were wonderful...
Just walked in for a tapas sampler and a drink. Sampler was exquisite ! Tuna tartar, wild boat pate and a crackling sweetbread roll. Make sure you stop by!
Like always.  Starbucks comes through with exceptional service.
Cornish Pasty if you were a woman I would take you out and treat you right. I would send you flowers and write you love notes. I want you to bear my children and grow old with me. CP call me sometime I miss you everyday we are apart.
This franchise is always good and consistent--can't really go wrong.  This one gets special notice due to its proximity to the Mirage sports book, which is still my favorite.  Prices have climbed over the years, but not too badly.  Can't go wrong with the pizzas and salads.  Bread and butter are good compliments.
The all you can eat special\nHand, half or cut rolls + special rolls\nFirecracker
Love this place when coming to Vegas. Great food, prices and atmosphere. Know they recently had some issues and closed a location but I'm sure they're even better now.
They have bed bugs. See the pictures. Gross.
My husband says this place has the best Caesar salad and I Love their Rosemary fries.  The staff is a little snobby but that fits well with their artistic modern  atmosphere I suppose.   The decor is what I dream my art room to look like!
Good lunch deals: $9-$13 for main course with coffee, dessert and soup.\nBut food was less than average.\nDespite that the place was packed with locals.
worst restaurant.it is no way comparable with Malaya cuisine in elizabeth uptown charlotte.The malaysian fried rice which I ordered looked like old and smelled really bad.I would never recommend this restaurant to anybody.If you want Malaysian food I will recommend the Malaya cusine in elizabeth near CPCC central campus.
Did not like this place one bit. The lady doing my nails must have been on something because she kept fading in and out. She cut FIVE different fingers and they still expected me to pay $35 for a gel fill. It was the worst nail job I have ever gotten and I'm never going there again.
only way it could be better is if it were actually in Paris.  I'm such a fan and it's the simple foods that show how they get it right.  Like their mussels and pommes frites.
The nellos pizza on Werner road is so much better. Here the service took for ever. The garlic bread was drenched in oil. We ordered three mini pizzas and they were all terrible. The appetizers were too greasy and the bruschetta was so burned Im surprised they even served it. They were not that busy
Bagels are very good. It gets kudos for being a local small business.\n\nIf you are price conscious, you may get a little sticker shock, but keep in mind that it is a \"ma & pa\" business, and therefore doesn't have the purchasing power of a chain like Einstein.
I'm glad I didn't listen to the reviews. I had no problems at all and will definitely be back.
Quality of food is great portions are small not a good value for the cost. Service could have been better , I ordered an appetizer and it was served with my meal, drinks were never refilled.  Ambience is great , small dining area that reflects the product. If you want ramen in the vegas area try ramen sora
I think for the price of the rooms it is a great place it is very clean and the costumer service is great. Wish the buffet lines weren't so long though!
Love the bagels here - einsteinium could learn a thing or two from this local down to earth place. There's no frills and that's why I like it - come in get a bagel and a coffee, eat it and go. That's what it's all about. Very we'll done
Great Company & Product! Hands down
Oh dear. This was so disappointing. The ladies don't speak enough English to get an order correct. The food is very bland. I've tried them numerous times. Always a mistake with my take out food.
The gluten free pizza is so delicious! I Have been her 2 times in less than a week! So yummy! It's the \"subway\" of pizza! How can you go wrong? Great job MOD PIZZA!
Excellent pizza, with over the top service. We arrived unknowingly arrived prior to opening this morning, and they were happy to make us our cheese pizza. Which was great, because my son wanted pizza, and he would have been late for school if we had to wait until 11!
I asked for a simple clean up... I told her I like my eyebrows full... she completely thinned then out ! I'm borderline distraught... I WILL NOT be back. For people that listen go to Patels Henna and Threading !
I enjoyed this spot. The atmosphere was very nice even romantic.  The service was nice as well. I tried their lasagna which was good...I would like to return for another entree and Wine Wednesdays. :)
This is one of my favorite places to celebrate special events. My husband and I have been to many steakhouses over the years and this one tops all the others. The service is great and the food is AMAZING. It's a secret gem hidden on the west side.
This place is a true gem. \n\nI love all the options you can have here! I got some self serve froyo and my son got candy haha. They had some indoor seating, but mostly outdoor near the fountain and play ground, my son really enjoyed it.
Pulled pork sandwich & fries were amazing! \nPrices were great, comfortable environment and surprised on how much food I got for the price
It's quite overpriced, even for gelato and vegas, 5.50 for one scoop? I'd suggest you make it a cone, they give you more. The flavors were okay, nothing too spectacular. The pistachio gelato wasn't very good. I've definitely had better.
Service and variety still spotty and extremely inconsistent. However, bagels still best in old town scottsdale. Prepare for hassles and a great bagel, if they have the variety you want... It's like a true NY experience!
Went through Phoenix on a work trip and was very pleasantly surprised...it took awhile, but the salmon with cream cheese, capers and onions was fantastic with a bagel toasted just right with good balance of crunch and ingredients.
Meh. A little on the greasy side. Went for breakfast and the portions were ginormous. The food was decent, on par with Denny's or Coco's, aside of the huge portions. I'm a fan of the large coffee mugs though.
small aquarium, but it's not too pricey. it has a cool tunnel where you can see the teeth of the shark. pretty cool to be able to see a shark in the middle of the desert!
Andy has taken care of me and gone the extra mile each and every of time (3 times so far) i know they will do the best job, are very professional and if there is ever an issue it is taken care of immediately no matter what. ALWAYS IMPRESSED!
The owner is awesome and laid back, but very professional and knows what he's doing and talking about.  He has trustworthy engine shops and tuners he works with, like Shawn Church.  I would recommend this shop to any import enthusiast!
I didn't eat here, but I met up with some ladies for an informal meeting here. They have a nice, secluded back area where we met. Nice and quiet for our quick meeting with a drink. Clean place, will be back to eat in the future!
This is a very cool place that I had always heard of, but had never visited.  Great neighborhood hangout with good food, good service and good atmosphere - the prices were very reasonable as well!
Go to the very bottom where is let's you see reviews that are not recommended. Those are the most truthful. DO NOT MOVE HERE FOR ANY REASON.
Always great customer service at the Pharmacy. Nice sales, good selection and a Drive-Thru for drugs, who could ask for anything more! ;O)
I've been here twice and both times the food was what you would expect from Monical's.  Both times we also had poor service.  This is my least favorite location in Champaign.  I prefer to drive to the location in Tolono.
If you don't like a business expressing their political views via campaign posters while your dining pick somewhere else.   Food is good and inexpensive.  Staff is polite.
Macadamia nut ice cream in a waffle cone. One scoop = $3. Take it with you to the slot machines and lick while you pull.
Have always had fun and the rooms are great......................but hey there free for me!
There are water fountains all over the place serving good cold water! It takes about 2hrs to see everything so come prepared. It's a great place to spend quality time with the family during the weekend.
Our agency has ordered delivery from this restaurant several times.  The food is always delicious and healthy. We love this place and will keep ordering from there!
Great vet clinic. They have full service including a fabulous groomer.
My spare tire wasnt put back, got another flat and there i was, stuck in the vegas heat with no spare tire
The food is pretty good here and it's a good place to eat but I'm giving it a 2 star review because I drove Here intending to eat here and in the mood for their food and they closed an hour early because they were slow.
This is by far the worst experience I have ever had. I've always loved Bahama bucks and never had a problem. But today I ordered ice cream flavored shaved ice and get a cup of ice cream and shaved ice. This is ridiculous...
If you love coke memorabilia and decor this is a place to see. The food is good but over priced for the quality. Basic breakfast for two will run you around $25.00
Wanna absolutely over the top fry bread indulgence?  Try the Chocolate and Melted Butter Frybread - AMAZING!!!
I was swimming in the pool and somebody threw a blunt off the balcony into the pool.. Disgusting
Not the best show,  I seen better but what do you expect to see when tickets are cheap. Over all had a good time
For a charburger place, the food is pretty much lame. The burger did not have any tomatoes on it. The chili cheese fries had some sort of disgusting artificial cheese mixed into it. My digestive tract was quite furious with me for subjecting it to such an egregious punishment.
Great appetizers, skip the entrees.  The filet mignon is very dry.  Everything is served with a heaping dose of house techno to try to force you to be upbeat while eating over-priced food.
I actually like this bar, but if you decide to come on Tuesday, beware of the bartender, Veronica.  She's unbelievably rude...like ridiculously rude and will complete ignore you.  Fair warning
Great spot. Worth the wait n the $$$. The carne asada was great n el pastor meat delicious.
ok been here tuns of times and now finally writing a review, i have been to many places in vegas and for me this is the best place by far. love the Pho and also all the other dishes
Excellent pizza, especially the Chicago deep dish, reminded me of Uno's and My Pie! \nSo glad this pizza restaurant is in Gold Canyon! We really enjoyed the food! It had great taste and very fresh!! Don't understand the negative comments...
First off - the Aria/CityCenter/Crystals complex is beautiful.\n\nEverything here was great - from the cold Honey Brown Lager to the BLT Sliders and Brown Butter Lobster Rolls.\n\nThis was a great lunch and I would not hesitate to go back anytime.
I don't know why this place has all this hype. It's a very average pizza joint, absolutely nothing special. I found the pizza to be unbalanced in cheese and sauce. The flourless chocolate cake was ok, but nothing special. Average.
BEST veggie burger in town! Holy cow. Make sure to get it crispy though. I also usually get a custom side salad as my side and it is really the best side salad around. The ambience is fun and the service is good and fast.
We stayed here on vacation and enjoyed our stay. Everything was very nice and clean. Loved the pool area. The rooms are a bit out of date but the resort overall was great!
I've been to The Keg before at a different location...love the atmosphere and the vibe at this location especially.  Very quiet and cozy on a Monday night...need to try more dishes on the menu - will be back!
Great little neighborhood coffee shop. We go here nearly daily. Good cup of coffee and everyone's friendly. Love the brown sugar and mixed nut scone: just make sure you have several people or 3 days to eat it cause they're HUGE!\n\nLike the changing local artist work they display.
Nothing beats a bean and cheese with both red and green salsa.
The service was great but the fillet was hard to cut with the knife.?? The sides were great and the drinks were ok.
Great haircut and honored groupon easily
Very nice and clean environment. Good food just a little on the high side on price. Over all very good time.
DO NOT GO HERE.  We bought a bouquet for $50 that only lasted 2 DAYS.  I used to work in a flower shop and flowers should be lasting longer than that.  I am NOT HAPPY.  MONEY DOWN THE DRAIN
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =\n\nLola Coffee here, home to a fun Yelp Office Hours event a while back, has closed but the place has reopened as a similar business.     :-)
Cute little caf\u00e9 the cocktails are good and so is the salsa is delicious it's family-owned and family ran so it stays nice and organized they're open tell  11 maybe might want to pop in and check it out for yourself.
I was happy when I first bought my rim package here now having problems worry a tire clld to c of they could do anything the jack ass I talked to had no clue what he was talking about. I really don't care what they can do now ill take my car else where
One of our favorite spots! Picked up lunch for the office yesterday. Chimichangas, nachos, enchiladas, fish tacos, fajitas and fresh guacamole!! Yumola! Thanks Cantina!! You made our day.
An interesting concept.  All items nicely packaged.  Self checkout that works well.  Would return.
Fast service, reasonable price , authentic Chinese food, but sometimes too salty and greasy for some food.\nI only go there once a while. One of the most popular veggie dishes is eggplant with green bean.
Not impressed. I've had authentic Italian and just because it is served as such, does not mean that the quality is that. I was so unimpressed.
I love you because you are close and my daughters will promise untold number of room cleanings for a tasty treat from The Cupcakery.
My favorite spot for a stiff drink and good company. Also this place rules for shows. The staff is amazing and always has our back. If you're looking for a friendly atmosphere and a cool crowd, this is your spot. I love it.
They denied me a job and are assholes.\nI don't like anyone who works there.\nI own a few things from there, but I have to admit they are very over priced for the type of stuff they sell.\nThey need to get off their high horse.
Great place to relax and getaway from the vegas strip! Lots of competition near by but I was completely satisfied!
My son and I are in town for a football game (go Jackets!) and stopped in for dinner.  The T-Rex is simply one of the best pizzas we have ever had.  Super thin crust, fresh ingredients, and excellent pizza.  This would be my pizza joint if I lived in Charlotte.
Every time I come the ladies are super sweet and friendly.  They are awesome at what they do and I always leave happy.
Excellent food best gyro in town! The gyro platter is fantastic as well. The guy that takes the order is a so rude.  He makes me think twice about sating there. The restaurant itself is dirty and the seating really needs to be updated.
Humiliating experience. Though the food was good, the girl literally refused to take off potato from my plate, arguing that they don't change menu, despite my condition of starch intolerance
I am very happy Madison finally has an antique oddities shop. I was pleasantly surprised by finding true medical antiquities and and just strange fun decor. The prices are quite reasonable and the store is displayed well. I will definitely be going back.
phone number was disconnected place from out side was so scary I did not even want to go see if they were open and I will go almost in anywhere
Really affordable pricing! Delicious food! Just wish they served alcohol (maybe I'm just a lush though).\n\nThis is a great place to go if you're vegetarian/vegan and they have a very friendly staff. We'll be back.
War Horse was played here and due to the size of the theater you could not hear a line from the actors.  We were in row 17 of the Orchestra and the general comment was excellent sets, no idea what was happening on stage.  This theater is a disaster for acoustics.  Don't plan on hearing anything unless you are up front
Luv the atmosphere luv the food! There isnt anyone there 2 Socialize with but the bartender! well it is new I will give it another chance I do wish thy had the spicey tuna like Koi & Katsuya ;  )
The pizza is authentic Chicago style and the best I've had outside of my own kitchen. The deep dish and thin crust pizzas are excellent. Solid flavor on the sauce. The dogs are great as well.
I was searching for a good nails place in the area for Xmas gift certificates for my co workers and found this salon with a lot of great reviews. The manager great me very kind and my co-workers come back after try them out with a very high recommend. I will come back to joint them again. They are great staffs.
Just swung in here for a quick drink and a little bit of video poker. The bartender was nice and made our drinks quickly. Video poker at all seats at the bar.
Just about as cheesy as Vince Neil himself.  Drinks are good but everything else is a miss.  I enjoy a stiff drink and they definitely provide that!  After happy hour it is a bit steep but all in all good deal for good booze.  I don't recommend them for much else...
YUM!  Tasty beef noodle soup!  Delicious wonton in chili sauce!  Everything else here kinda sucks but really why explore a menu when you have found gold?
Hat their frozen hot chocolate, it was basically a milkshake. misleading, but very good
Dry carne asada and stale chips...no bueno\nWith la bonita meat market in the same shopping center you would belive this restaurant would at least try to keep up...I rather go there for lunch...sorry vatos just being honest...
Gross and flavorless. I've had good Italian beef sandwiches before in Chicago and New York. This greasy mess isn't anything I would come back for.
This place is pretty freakin good. This new location just opened by my house. Their subs are less than the cost of Subway and the quality is way better. It's fast if you walk in but they also have a drive through and they deliver. I also like the decor in the resturant.
Only went to the casino.  It was decent.  Well lit and clean.  I'd go back.
Two more tries, only more of the same. Long waits to be served cold eggs, cold toast, dry and cold ham. Tried telling the manager about this problem but I gave up on waiting for him, I paid and left. It's pretty strange that I haven't yet found a good place in Charlotte to have ham and eggs
The one item you must try is the compound butter...oh my is it FAB!  Mushroom truffle pasta very rich, blue point oysters fresh & delish. Parking is the downfall at CB.
Really, really good food.\n\nFour stars because one time I went, ordered a milk, and it didn't taste right. They brought out another one and it was fine, though.
I was impressed with the unagi and the servers and chefs were very friendly. Will be coming back often.
I thought the pizza was a little too oily. It wasn't bad though.
The service was O.K., but a little bit slow. The lettuce was wilted and soggy on the burger, and they just raised their prices back up again. I guess they think the slump in the economy is over. Glad that somebody is doing better!
Went there tonight.\n\nWorst Sushi I have ever had.
Seriously counted over 100 people in line, with only 2 lanes open and no self check lanes. I have been in line for 45 minutes and at the rate they're going, I have 30 more to go... This place truly is the 7th level of hell.
I love Subway and not all of them still have the seafood salad. This one does and that's the only sandwich I get and I get it often so it's nice when  I'm remembered. I just wish they had a frequent visit card.
The people are nice, they work with you for getting things done in the best manner possible and are usually pretty quick about it.  Getting cars fixed, costs money, that's how it is.
Food is good , but this place is not suitable for groups.  We had a business meeting and they sat people with small children near us , despite there was plenty of room at the other end of the restaurant. \nWill come here for their food if in area , but will not be having my group meetings here.
Want to go on a dumpling (aka potstickers) rampage. This place has you covered. Many different choices. Service was very good.\n\nThey also have great Bobba drinks.
Monday night attract a bros and hos crowd that thinks they are better than everyone else with a few cool people mixed in. The bar is small and there is nowhere to sit so prepare to stand all night. I will only come here on a Monday because there is nowhere else to go.
This not-so-secret-pizza place is great. It is a no frills place to grab a slice of pizza. It was delicious and inexpensive. It is thin crust NY style pizza.  They have regular, white and a thick crust Sicilian pizza.  We try to make it by here every time we visit.
Good food. It seems overpriced, but you get more than 1 full meal on your plate. If you box it up, you have at least a snack or more for later. The lomo soltado was good. The pork was a bit dry. Service was good, but there was only one other table.
I went to Gordon Biersch and ordered the Kobe Burger. It tasted pretty bad. The service was sub par too. I might have hit them on a bad day, but I do not have a good reason to give them another chance.
The WRAPS are to die for!!  They make them in house. don't get the store bought pita.
I've been here a lot and enjoyed your services. I'd rather come here to get my haircut than go to any other haircut place. This right here is my main place for haircuts. They've earned me as customer over any other place. I'd recommend you to other people in a snap.
Was lured in by short wait time at the airport but soon discovered why no one used them.  Rude drivers and poor customer service.  Use Grayline.
I got my hair extensions at rejoice your beautiful. Renee O'brien is the ABSOLUTE BEST IN AZ!!!!
Lon's is heaven. Sit outside at sunset and smell the pinon fires, watch the sun go down and enjoy the great food.
Food is great, but don't come within 30 minutes of closing time. All the chairs on the tables, food is wrapped up and a rude owner who will remind you that they close and you need to take it to go.
We tried it once. The price is good.
Love the chicken Parmesan! My second favorite is the chicken tips.  The wait staff is always friendly and prompt.  If you go on Sunday, be prepared for at least a 20 min wait. It is well worth it though. I have never had a bad meal.
I've been eating here twice a week for years, because it's one of the few places around where you can still get liver & onions.  And I really like the atmosphere and music.
It's pretty simple really,if you're in the city for a weekend or a couple of days its a must to go here. I had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated,but the turnover seems pretty quick,staff were all friendly and helpful. If you're in town just go !!
We had dinner there and found the place to be in need of an update. It is really over priced and the sides were not that great. The bread was not up to par, but the service was good.
I went there for first time the service  was awesome only issue was menu was kind of weak I would if expected more drinks and food but great service
Ordered a pizza at night. Didn't let me know they were closed. Checked later they said they'd deliver at 11:00am. They didn't let me cancel. This place blows.
This was the worst customer I have ever received. The manager was very rude and unprofessional.
Bad service from the second we walked into the doorway :( waitress took forever to bring food and free bread . Food was pricey and we just ordered starters . My soup wasn't all that great , I enjoy Disneyland soup more lol! Don't come starving
Preshow meal turned into an unexpected gem. Location with a view of the Bellagio fountains and a super friendly staff. Just wish the preshow menu wasn't so constricted.
thank you eco clean for a great carpet cleaning service, fast respond and being affordable. All our traffic areas look like new now and luckily all pet stains are gone! thanks much
I will never go back here.  Too bad that one stylist who doesn't know what she's doing is allowed to cut hair.  My hair was cut way shorter than I asked.  It will take 3 or 4 months to get it to where it should be.
The fish tacos were pretty good but nothing super special, the coconut shrimp on the other hand were the best I've ever had! I thought the price was a little much for what you get though. Supposably the best in Maui... well the fish is probably fresher there too. Just saying.
Eh, it's in Mesa. Overall pretty clean, helpful employees. I can't speak for the pharmacy though.
Worst BWW I've ever been to.  Our waitress had a bad attitude and kept forgetting things on top of being snippy and rude.  She got our order wrong and then when the right order didn't come out after a long period of time, she blamed the manager.  The food was good but the service was terrible.
Worst experience ever!!! Took 30 mins for 1/2 table to get drinks and then they messed up most of them. When we asked for a manager he was supposedly \"behind the bar\"...well if the manager is that slow behind the bar he should change jobs. Food was so so.
Location, location, location. Without it this would be just another mediocre restaurant passing itself off for a great place to eat. In today's amazing world of eateries this joint needs serious reinvention.
Had a blast!  Live music,  live bull riding, great food, great service and great drinks. I love this place & totally worth the drive!
Find Strip Liquor across from the Stardust Hotel. It's an expensive but convenient place (easy parking, easy access, large selection) to get any beer, wine, or liquor you might want/need. We stocked up here before a social engagement... good times.
Lasagna, come here for the lasagna. I always order an extra side of their meat sauce; it's so tasty you will want to add more of it to the lasagna.  For a quick, homemade, neighborhood,Italian meal, this place cannot be beat.... And I am very picky
I belong to 2 other gyms in the area besides PF. The staff at this gym is the least friendly.  There was a management change recently and the  atmosphere at this location has changed completely since I joined 5 years ago.  I continue to go here because they are open 24 hours and that's all.
I've been here twice and I just don't think it's any good. For the money there are much better sandwich shops. The customer service was fine, the store was clean and nicely decorated but the food was just average to a little below average.
Every word that came out of my mouth after approximately every bite was: OMG! Go here hungry, go here and celebrate, everything and everyone was great, the chefs even came out to thank us for coming by! A must go to place for Vegas.. All other buffets bow down! Yaga!
This resort is as good as it gets! The place is huge, great ambiance. We had a few drinks and gambled a bit. The Ocean Trail has delicious food. Drinks are a bit pricey, but worth it.
Had a team holiday dinner there. Great food: fried calamari, mussels, pasta appetizer, salmon with avocado. The cannoli and coffee were really good. The place was a little loud, but was ok for a group of people. Good service.
I went here after reading these reviews. My parents were coming into town and wanted to have a night out and this was our first stop. \n\nWell worth it...
At least when you go to the shark reef at the mandalay bay... the sharks can't get you.\n\nThis place is like the used car dealership of furniture stores.
Food is good but the service is horrible. The waitress brought the wrong order and instead of fixing the order she argued with me and said she was right and that's what I had ordered. I had guest with me and we were all amazed at the lack of class and customer service, at the end the customer is the reason why she has a job!
Closed for lunch! Drove in from Boulder City PLZ UPDATE THIS!
Great selection of pipes, tobacco and cigars. Friendly staff always happy to give suggestions and advice!...
It was decent. I had the breakfast burrito & out was good. It wasn't the best breakfast I had while visiting Vegas, but it was worth driving off the strip for....affordable & tasty.
Delicious pizza, lots of fresh toppings and completely customizable. It's all included in the one price. Everyone was nice and the pizza was ready super quick. If you want pizza or salad only, this is the place to go.
Very good coffee. Very nice staff. Very tucked away but completely worth finding. Locals should scratch Starbucks and support the shot of Java - I would if we didn't live 300 miles away- \n\nThanks for the great vacation coffee!
This is hands down the best Mexican food in Las Vegas in my opinion. Their horchata is some of the best I have tasted. They have Mexican corn on the cob that I would drive hours for just to eat. The staff is very friendly and it's in an amazing location. I would highly recommend this place to everyone!
This place was phenomenal, the food was amazing. They catered to me which was amazing. I can't handle spicy food and they took that into great consideration when I asked what they had that was not only low on spiciness but also vegetarian. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal there.
Ordered a Spanish latte. Zero foam and not hot enough. Not very good for its price. They were definitely rushing it.\nThe location is convenient though.
Fuck this restsurant what a fucking rude waitress not coming back hre u say tgank you u cant even get a respnse they can ubderstand english though ....
I got a pear basil cocktail. So good. I wish I were drinking one right now. The hostess    was super nice, but our server was mediocre. I'll be back for that drink, but next time I'll just sit at the bar.
Bloody mary bar that kicks butt!!! Beautiful waitresses too....
I love all you can eat buffet and the stake house the cafe restraunt I eat slots of food and I am still skinny I love that ever play machines there and sports tickets
Breakfast anytime(love it)  The pancakes or the French toast you can't go wrong
Their service has improved tremendously and the staff is very upbeat and proactive.
This is a nice neighborhood establishment. Small and intimate, everyone friendly, good service. The pizza crust was outstanding - thin on the bottom and puffy around the edges. The pizza was fine, but a little bland. I hope the chef gets a little more generous with the spices in the future.
We ate the breakfast for couple of days, the food was good and the fruits were super fresh
Nice Whole Foods, friendly staff.  Always stop at WF when traveling for on the road salads.
One of the best ramen spots I've ever been to by far. Def try it if your around this area.
went to Harbor Palace for dim sum,most was cold and the same carts came around 4 or 5 times with the same cold dishes on carts.Used to be a lot better but seems like things have changed for the worse.will not be going back anytime soon.
Short staffed so the service was good for the situation. Food was good, my only problem is they aren't showing the Arizona state game on the big screen. Can't believe the fan base here...leaving at the half
Been here twice . Food was good each time. Healthy too!
Best value sushi place in th valley. Good rolls and variety.
This hotel is truly epic!!!!! \nFrom start to finish this hotel exceeded our standards. The one one factor that sticks out is the service from everyone in the hotel. It goes above and beyond to make the experience positive. It's worth every dollar they ask. \nWe will be back
From Canada and just in Vegas for vacation but desperately needed a color correction.  Samantha transformed my wreck into a beautiful color. Just wish we had taken a before pic.
I dunno what the whole craze is about pinks but it is not all that. The service is vegas was great but the food is mediocre. I think berkeley dogs near uci is so much better. My favorite would have to be japa dogs in seattle!! the bomb!!
Pricey, but the quality presented is well worth it. They offer catering as well and have a giant deli-type selection. Plus, they deliver!
Amazing doughnuts!!!  We ordered a baker's dozen my first time coming here so that I could try everything.  You have to try the Fat Elvis and Cronuts (if available).
My 10yr old son found an Android in the parking lot, when he turned it in to the store manager she told him to go pick out a carton of ice cream on her for doing the right thing. Of coarse he was going to do the right thing but boy did that make his night! Thank you!!!!!!!!
.... I think the slow business caught up to them.  we drove by last week and the signage has changed to something else.   are they closed??
The food was delicious!! They had really good service. Comparing to the other restaurants I've been to lately, this had the best service. There was really nice entertainment. A man would start singing and some kids came up to dance, which was amazing to see. I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant. Extremely recommended.
What can I say?  The sandwiches are incredible!  A friend told me about this chain and it's now my favorite place for a great sub.  Great taste, friendly staff and...free cookies!\n\nA little on the expensive side but well worth it
Hands down. The worst Mani/pedi I have ever had. Really old polish that never dried. Had to take it all off when I got home.
Hostess process sucked. They were very rude this morning. How many times do I have to give my name?  How much longer do I have to wait for my reservation?
I really liked this place! It felt like a neighborhood deli which is what I miss from NY. The bacon egg and cheese bagel was delicious. When I go back next time I will give them the real NY test which is seeing how much cream cheese they spread on the bagel!
Worst customer service. The hostess gave me a table by an open window.  It was cold and I finally asked to be moved. The waitress didn't bother to move my drinks nor food. No utensils were provided , so me and my friend just left.
It was a warm night so the place was pretty busy.\nThe beer was great, I think the main menu food on the board was pretty expensive for what it was. It tasted ok, just overpriced.\n\nThe service is pretty relaxed, which is ok as long as you are not in a rush!
Pizza wasn't anything special.  Big draft beer selection.
This was a nice spot to sit and enjoy the live music and a glass of wine. My friend had a sandwich that was very good and I had the nachos...can't wait to try other dishes on the  menu.
The new owners of Ice House Tavern are no longer hosting live bands. This is such a disappointment to the local music scene!
So I'm fake? I notice a lot of negative reviews come from disgruntled tourists so I don't think those are accurate.Lee's auto only employ competent professionals who have been nothing but honest and upfront with me. If anyone wants their car done right and less expensively than other places go there.
loved it...
no very impressed. Bar tenders were beyond rude, and inisting you tip, hounding you to tip. Really not cool.
It's a great local spot. The quality of food is good and they also offer soy dogs for vegan people. The wafflewich is awesome. It isn't too sweet. The waffle compliment the sweetness of the ice cream.
Discusting!  They don't use gloves, the pizza is a far cry from New York & I was overcharged for their combo special.  I tried to address the issue and it confused the cashier (who also made my salad...without washing hands). thumbs down.
Great frozen yogurt, good prices. Tons of topping choices, staff is always nice, love the retro feel of the inside.
I have been coming here for years, and I have gotten the same thing every time....great service and great food. Try the burger, and have someone to share it with.
I absolutely adore Misty! Only stylist I know I can trust to make decisions about how to change my hair, and simply leave it to her. I know it will look good.
beware of josh blaha.
The food is really good and the price is pretty good for all you can eat! However its kinda dirty and small so you would have to wait in a long line if it gets busy.
I would never go there again. I walked it there and the guy looked at me like I was bothering him. I guess my money will bother him too.
Went here for the first time and was very disappointed. Little to no selection of flavors (that didn't have much flavor to them at all). The price you pay for what you get is staggering. Will not be venturing back to this place.
Your average run of  the mill everyday burger king.
Where else  would we do our vow renewal?  Vegas!  Surprise?!  We had so much fun!  Would not recommend for a first timer (unless u you are very into this , but very professional! )  Limo pick-up, Elvis was the best, great pics!
Went here for cigars, after dinner drinks, and dessert. If you are not part of the select/known crowd you are pretty much ignored. Being from out of town we were ignored. Had to ask for dessert menu. Had to ask for another round of drinks. Did not get napkins with dessert.
great chinese food!! not the cookie cutter chinese cuisine like every other place that is opening up. I will definitely be making this one of my regular stops. would highly recommend this spot!!
Finally Surprise AZ has a great Sushi hangout...  Loved it. Owners are super friendly and the Sushi is amazing.  The baked dish took a little long to cook,  but was worth it.  The Spicy Scallop on the A La Carte menu was fabulous.
Not a very good selection in my opinion.  The service is ok.  There are several other nurseries within a few miles of this place that have a ton more to offer.
Even though this is my home gym where I train for my shows...I really starting to not like the people here no more! The GM was very cool with me and since he got transfer to a new LA Fitness nothing isnt the same no more! Everyone here is a meat head witch I dislike!
Met a friend at 1900 for dinner tonight. The pico was delish but otherwise my tostada was nothing out of the ordinary. The prices seemed a bit high for your average Mexican restaurant but I would probably give it another try!
I don't see what all the hype is about this place. I like Subway way better. Jimmy John's doesn't have spinach or green bell pepper toppings like Subway does, for one reason.
Awesome food, great staff! vegan and veg friendly. One of the best places to grab a bite in old town Gilbert.
Great authentic bakery. Just keep in mind, this place closes when the sun sets and is closed for Sabbath.\n\nI highly recommend the large Rugaloch...although the small one's are great too...
Best burritos I've ever tasted from NV to AZ! Seriously can't find anywhere comparable
Was due to book into this Hotel but once I saw the rooms I walked straight back out. Haven't been updated in a long time.\n\nStaff were very polite and helpful but in would not consider staying here.
Super Professional and Friendly !!! When I moved from Arizona to Texas a year ago I used them. And now,  I'm moving BACK I called them right away.  They worked quickly,  at a reasonable price.  I'm extremely happy with the results.  Thanks Brandon and Elliott !!!! You guys are awesome !!!!!
Had the crab cakes. .  Mistake. .  Dry,  not much flavor. . Worse,  the rice and plantains were baked to the point that it was a dry lump with burned wood flavor
all i have to stay is eww! \nThis place makes Panda Express a 5 star place in comparison! \nBy far the worst place I've had Chinese food. So so so bad. \n\nstay away! far far faaaaar away!!!
So many choices ! :D can't stay away for too long ! They have really cool old fashion candy too ! So fun !! :)
Everyone that works here are super nice. \n\nGreat selection of wine, cheeses, baked goods.\n\nSuper kudos to the young woman (reddish chin-length hair, 5'4ish, slim) that always goes above and beyond to help when I'm in the store.
Had a very bad experience here this past Friday evening. I came to your restaurant at around 10:20 PM and was very rushed. They surved be old food, treated me disrespectfully and I was very disappointed with the entire situation.
They stayed open late for me which was nice and didnt skimp on my pedicure though they did rush me even going so far as to turn off some of the lights before closing time. Mostly friendly staff. They seemed excited that I was paying in cash.
Greatest customized tan ever! Very natural looking and lasts longer than any other spray tan I've ever had. Will definitely recommend to all my friends!
Burger is very sloppily thrown together. However it was very tasty!    Fries need to be crispier.  Cajun fries are the way to go!!    Service is very good!
Go for the ambiance and the flamenco, maybe a cocktail or two. The food is pretty much what everyone else is  saying. It's nothing special, just Sysco quality restaurant food but the flamenco is BITCHIN'!
Food was ok but not the best.  I haven't gone there in almost a year and when I paid the bill I realized why I haven't. Almost $2.50 for a glass of OJ and they don't give free refills. Again, food was ok but there is definitely better.
Love it! We used a group on 1st time, can't wait to go back.
This is a review for the cheesecake only. My wife loves cheesecake. She loves it. She days the red velvet is the best she had ever tasted. We come here mostly for just this. Call ahead fir takeout it us easier than fighting the crowds.
typical mall faire, but not bad. Their food is on the spicer side which gave me heartburn. Probably will saving my Mexican cravings for some place else.
Please for the love of God, put some more electric outlets for us laptop warriors! Good location but not very biz, meeting friendly
Is the best cigar shop I have found. Prices,Service and Selection were all great..
This place is pretty good. Big portions. Big salad. Good food. Not good for the diet, but hey. What Italian food is? If you take the kids, take something for them to do. A bit of a wait for food. Good things come to those who wait.
Buffet is okay! Good variety of good! Not the best but pretty good for the price :) I had the prime rib, sushi, crab legs, fried rice (which was a little dry) the green beans, and some other stuff... It was pretty good considering I was a little tipsy :)
Just enjoyed a wonderful dinner this evening. The Salmon over fresh vegetables and linguini along with a glass of wine was a great way to end the work day.
A good friend took me to this nice neighborhood sushi joint. I was impressed with a friendly staff and delicious dishes. It's a must try!
Nice service and a good location. Unfortunately the positives end there, the pizza we had was awful, tasted like store bought frozen pizza. Also had a salad that was not good, very bitter greens and the dressing was bland. \n\nWould not recommend.
the service is ok the food is not that good and they charge the tip 15% on receipt  don't go there
Tr\u00e8s bon, tr\u00e8s frais, belle atmosph\u00e8re! Y retournerons s\u00fbrement!
Good bulgogi, and a spicy octopus platter I forgot the name of.  I'd visit again, but my eyes tear whenever I walk into the place- not their fault I'm allergic to *.
Awesome customer service and this place was unbelievable. Everything was safe and everything went smoothly. Would recommend it to everyone who likes to drive. Even for girlfriends, wives, children and etc. For the price you pay, you cant get a better deal.
I think the low rating is not deserved. Service was great. Beer cold and good lunch. Oh, did I mention eye candy too?....The only drawback was that I think you can find better NFL drink specials at other bars in the area.
This is my favorite sub place in town. I typically visit my local restaurant 1-2 times per week. The Buffalo stampede is a great sandwich. I certainly wish there was one located on the east side of town.
Grosss
The food was great and service was fast.  Place was very busy on a Wednesday evening and they accommodated us for 3 without any reservations.  Highly recommend making this a stop while in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
Not recommended.  Staff is not knowledgable and menu is overpriced for what it is. If you want true Italian food, go up  Ballantyne Commons Rd to Villa Antonio's in Ballantyne!  Far better, and about the same price!!
No thanks.  There is only one game in town in Florence, and it's called Jalape\u00f1os.  No doubt about it.
Came here recently, this time for breakfast. Loved the bacon, but the eggs were abit runny. They had salmon and beef tenderloin and it was delicious. The price for breakfast is a great price, $15.99. Waffles were so-so, I wish they had the regular normal sized.
Kilt lifter, 8th street, Peach ale, really any beer they serve is amazing. Food is very good/great!
The food was over priced for the quality. The appetizers were a joke. I and my boyfriend both have been puking foam since we ate here. I'll gladly never eat here again
This is our new favorite restaurant. Nice ambience, large patio, and the burgers are awesome! We can really converse and actually hear each other in this restaurant. Each time we go our server is Patrick who is a very good server. We plan to take our parents there for lunch this weekened. We know they will love it.
This restaurant is clean.  The service is good and staff is friendly.  If only they served Mexican food.  Failing that, would it hurt them to serve a burger or some alternative to whatever that stuff is they sell?
Took my Mom on Saturday so we could get Mothers Day Pedicure's...Great experience! Our toes look amazing :)
Stopped in on a quiet Tuesday afternoon to enoy happy hour.  Excellent service, decent bar food, and great prices!!  Love the comfy couches for lounging!!  See you again soon!!
I wanted to grab a quick bite before flying back to LA.  Service here could hardly be described as quick here, nor could it be described as accurate.  I never did get my drink order that day; not even a glass of water.
not to crowded, service is great! WiFi can lag at times but overall an excellent experience!
Kristin at Divinity was awesome! Got me in really quick, and did a great job! My tattoo was small but significant to me, and she did a great job helping me figure out how to best do it! It is still healing, but will need a small touch up. \nWill definitely be going back to her for my next one!
Kona Grill was okay for me, the variety of sushi rolls was not to my liking. I did however enjoy my husband's salmon thai (sweet chilli glaze) salad and the Korean bulgogi taco. Probably won't return unless for cocktails.
Don't ever have your daughter apply at this store..... The staff or rude and very unprofessional. The girl want boys and the people that interview don't know how to.
Extremely pissed off!!!!  They make this big fuss about a special event tonight for thanksgiving ITS 11:20pm and the kitchen is closed!!!  Seriously!!
Yupha's Thai Kitchen has the best Thai food in Tempe by far. I love everything I've eaten there and have become a regular. The staff are great, the ambiance is great. I highly recommend.
Probably the worst airport food I've ever had.... and I've been in a LOT of airports. Fortunately, the crack service team here had no idea what they were doing.
Just not what we expected. Leaky toilet and wallpaper coming of the walls. I called about the toilet and got told to call back. Just pathetic of a major hotel in Vegas.
THE best bbq in Arizona! The food is amazing here. The chili is to die for and the ribs are delicious! \n\nGreat environment and located in the small town of cave creek/care free. \n\nOne of my favorites when im in town.
Just like the other reviews, this place is a hidden gem! Brought several vehicles to Victor over the years to get my windows tinted and walked away very satisfied with the quality and pricing.  Would highly recommend to anyone that is looking to do the same.
Fun little place. The falafel sandwich was great. A lot of effort goes into making the sandwiches here.
Stopped by on a thursday night, and it was EMPTY!! All but 2 guys sitting at the bar. We didn't even bother to stay.
Horrible customer service.  The snobby girl at the register does not greet you, does not state the price of your order, and does not reply to hello or thank you. She just holds out her hand for cash.
Great place for breakfast, nice outdoor seating and something for everyone on the menu. Large portions, enough to share. Excellent food, clean & very professional, friendly staff.
Ice tea tasted like coffee today:( yuck!  Asked for extra ice, got nothing.... Sad day at dunkin
Good beer, quiet crowd nice spot to watch the world walk by. Nice for a quiet afternoon.
I still have dreams about this pizza
CLOSED!\n\nThey have moved to San Tan Village. Talk about lame.
These guys are so hardworking and must have been awesome at Tetris or something. They managed to fit my whole house into a storage unit.
Great airport. Awesome food options from fast food to trendy restaurants. It's big and nice. Security seems faster here than most other big airports. \n\nI think the biggest plus for this airport is the food options, nice space, and friendly staff.
$5.99 steak and eggs was a steal and pretty good. Service friendly but slow especially considering they weren't too busy. I would go back though. Cafe was modern looking and clean.
Was really looking forward to eating here based up previous reviews, but left a little disappointed. All dishes seemed extremely oily. Service was excellent, but they were out of chicken that night and they don't serve alcohol. Not sure if we will come back.
Nothing is more annoying than a overly packed store. The isles were packed and they had boxes all along the floor. You literally have to watch your step to make sure you don't fall over. \n\nIt looked like they had lots a great stuff but I lost my patience after 5 minutes or so.
Amazing food! Good service, my coffee was bottomless! Try their French toast yumm!
This is my favorite restaurant after just one visit! The pizza is fast and great pizza! Unlimited toppings. Lots of flavor. The Gm (Brian) was there and really friendly. Got to talk to him for a while. Salads, cheese bread, cinni-bread! It's all good. Highly recommend!
Food sucked. Strawberry's were kinda fresh. prices way too high. no more chicken up grade available. prices too high
It's mad busy here and donut was kind of whatevers.  If you're in a donut craze and desperate, then why not here?\n\nDrinks are expensive here.  If you want a soda or simple drink, go to McDonalds upstairs.
Went here for brunch this morning and it was so worth it. My fianc\u00e9e had the Farmers Breaky and I enjoyed the FML Burrito (plus a side of bacon). Great food all around - good service and a great dining area.
So okay...another restaurant to fall apart.  I am so bummed.  I am even more bummed since I bought a whole bunch of gift certificates at costco this year that I haven't had a chance to use...so what am I gonna do with them?  Recycle?  Any ideas?
Good choice for inexpensive and quick vegan and vegetarian dining.  Outdoor table so the dog could come along.  In the heart of Las Vegas'  Chinatown.  Thai and Vietnamese influences - welcomed break from grabbing something at Whole Foods.  Appetizers to full entrees made either vegetarian or vegan with an emphasis on noodle dishes.
Worst tacos I've ever had, and I have been to hundreds of Mexican restaurant s.  Carne asada was shamefully bad and looked like wet dog food.  If u want a good taco try Habinero s , America's, El Hefe.
We purchased a year membership and we love the lady who cuts our toddlers hair.  My biggest complaint is the owner.  He is rude and treats his customers with disdain.   Every time we have any interactions with him we sincerely regret the annual membership.
I got a hot sandwich. A Jets deli boat.  Cute cashier, friendly and perky.\n\nddc
Mmmm!!! Guilty pleasure. But clean, fast and friendly! Love love love it, once a year lol.
Are they closed?? We stopped on 6-25-08 and everything was empty.\nTried Dino's Greek & Italian in the same plaza. three stars for it also.
Well, \n\nI can't believe this guy Sergio still works here,what a moron. It's like being served by a Mexican inmate gangster wanna be. Being served by him just stinks. Get rid of him already geee
Service took an hour and half after we got seated. No one ever checked on us to see if we wanted anything. Half of us didn't get water because they ran out of water glasses. food was cold when I got it because everyone else at table had omelets and they only had one person making omelets. Not impressed
Friendly clean store but really not 'outlet' deals. Prices are marked down but not like other outlets. If you do need something though, clean store with friendly staff. I needed some running pants I. A pinch and found then there but still $$
Very disappointed with this location. I was told they were out of sausage breakfast sandwiches and then someone 20 minutes after me was able to get a sausage sandwich while I was sitting right there. No sense of urgency by anyone working there and it seems understaffed no matter when I go in.
All 3 things I got were horrible. Mango sticky rice had nasty white goop for sauce instead of coconut milk, and the rice was not prepared properly. Basil eggplant chicken was way oily and bland. Basil beef fried rice was cheap on beef, vegetables, and basil. Never coming here again.
Amazing selection of beers, considering this restaurant's small size.  Menu is exactly as advertised: beer and burgers.  It took longer than expected to get service, but the food did not disappoint.  2 negatives: concrete floor made conversations difficult, lots of echoing. Also the fluorescent lights are pretty bright and bordering irritating.
If I could give it a lower score I would. Terrible upsell and service, horribly overpriced and mediocre fare.
I had a soup and panini, my panini was more of a lame grilled cheese with a hint of chicken. My cup of soup was missing about half of the soup.\nI like Panera, but this place is not good.
I don't think I have ever been to a slower Starbucks!  Nate has one speed!  Slow....crazy
Raw wings. Yummmm. When we reported it to the waitress she said sorry about that. Luxe. Step up your game.
Dry and bland! I could cook better at home. I've tried both the pork and brisket.
Terrible customer service.  Schedule two times to meet at our home -- never appeared and never called.  Didn't return our calls.  \n\nWhile they seem like nice guys, their work ethic is terrible and their broken promises made me look elsewhere for help.
I mean, really what can you expect from an airport except when in Denver. Great restaurants there, but definitely not in Vegas airport. Burke Box offers a good place for a quick beer, but abrupt and borderline rude service. Food is so so. Might be very good if you don't eat out much and live in a hoarder house.
Fried zucchini: I'm a fan. I ordered to-go, and I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of food, as well as the amount of dipping sauce I was provided (I was also given a choice of sauces, which I appreciate). So far, so good.
pretty laid back, good drinks and food. a couple times i went and the misters were broken and leaking. otherwise, like it
Not worth going out of your way for, but if you're passing by you might as well stop in.
Food is good, but not much beyond average. Honestly preferred the meats at Wynn buffet. Service was fine, but not particularly accommodating ( my mother was very cold, we asked to lower the AC but they wouldn't budge ). Prices are very, very high. I would never return here personally.
Had another exceptional evening at Tomaso's last night. Been here many times. Great quality food, great service. Best Italian food in Phoenix.
You can eat there all day
This place could be excellent but they fail in the small details. First off the staff is not very friendly and we had a bad waitress, very impatient. The food is good but it is hard to lay out good money for an attitude when there is three more great places to eat in Belmont .
Food is overpriced even for being on the strip. Wait staff is unorganized. Food tastes less than mediocre.
First visit to this location have been to tempe, mesa, and Scottsdale locations.  Very consistent no matter the location.  Always order Italian gold wings, very good! Thin style pizza is great. Good pizza place never a let down!
Quoted me one price for diagnostics then tried to double it before he fixed anything .quoted me 4k because carbs and whole fuel system needed replaced.. Got a second opinion which proved none of the fuel system was the issue... Not a trustworthy business in my opinion .
Got a chicken rice bowl and was disappointed with runny frijoles bland chicken and skimpy portion for an eight dollar rice bowl
Really good food every time I come!  this is where I come when I dont really know what I want since they have a huge variety of foods to choose from. And you can even have the chef stir fry you something up from ingredients you choose included in the buffet price!
It's pita time.  \n\nLast time I order the chicken it was yellow and it was okay.  Order the fries extra ranch
Taste was meh. Couldn't finish it it was that bad....Jimmy Johns and Subway win over this place. I regret giving a tip. Couldn't even finish the food. Biggest waste of $12....Good cookies though.
I was driving on eastern looking for a place for lunch and sushi sounded good so what the heck. All you can eat lunch for 15 heck yeah lets do it. Good quality good price and good service ill definitely go back.
1 Bedroom Suite.\n\nWow.\n\nThese guys went over the top!
Loved this place! They do one thing, and they do it very well.  The whole family loved their pork sandwiches.  The service was very friendly.  So happy to have found Oink on our vacation.
Another great spot if you enjoy a quick lunch with out going to Filly B's.  The quality of meat is above your nomal quality for a burrito and the Cocina packs in a lot of tast in each bite.  Just South of the circle K on the corner of McDowell and 16th St.
I love the knots and the homemade mozzarella is amazing
Food is good, not great. Service a bit off and cooks hang at front door smoking until customers come, then prepare food without washing hands.
Sat for 15minutes no one came to serve us, they checked on the booth in front of us, but ignored us completely. Going to Cracker Barrel down the road.
The only quality Chinese food I've been able to find in Squirrell Hill - they lose a star only for not delivering (which is perhaps unfair since not a lot of places here do), but it's worth it to pick up a to-go order.
Food was decent but not worth the price. Had lobster tacos which were good, but only four bites. Also had the x roll which was awful from conception to execution and it was $16. I spent 40+ tip but will head to pinks because I am still hungry.
Disappointed in the selection here. I'm a big fan of J. Crew and usually walk out with something, but the variety was truly lacking here. An associate greeted me on the way in, but unfortunately, not much left to rummage thru. \n\nWalked out empty-handed.
The food we ordered was BOMB! I will continue to eat here. Authentic! Straight from my hometown!....
Had a bad massage here. The girl sat on her butt and rubbed my shoulders. It was the end of the day so she must have been tired. I've had way better at RZ and Studio Z. If I wanted a shoulder massage I would have gotten one from my boyfriend.
Just seems the lines here take a really long time. It's not a grocery store its not Wal-Mart... why only one person working cash register?
Probably the nicest best western I've been in. Kind of a crowded feeling casino floor, but whatever. The table gambling was cheap, the drinks were extremely cost-effective, and the environment seemed lively. Would likely return.
i always have to get a sandwich whenever im in las vegas! i havent tried any of the pizzas or desserts, but they do look good! The sandwiches are very tasty, i have not been disappointed yet! the only reason i rate it a 4 is the price. It is a little pricey, but it is worth it!
Great Hoagies! \n\nI always get the Steak Deluxe hoagie and my wife gets the Italian Deluxe and then we give each other half of the other ones hoagie because we can never decide on with one to get.
If I could leave 0 stars I would. I went in for a simple polish change and had the worst experience I've ever had at a salon. A kid could have painted my nails better. Such a waste of money. I would never come back to this sad excuse for a nail salon
Teppanyaki is fresh & excellent quality & priced well. Service is pretty slow otherwise & almost no accommodations made on order. I bit Difficult to get reservations for teppanyaki so you need to be flexible if you want to go. \n\nFood good & service average.
Did same day dry cleaning and clothes came out looking ironed but not cleaned. Buttons were missing or loose. Terrible customer service.  I will never return. I absolutely do not recommend this place.
The food was not bad, but the service was rather awful, which pushed this experience down to 2 stars.  And since \"not bad\" food can be found in so many other locations, why bother coming to this rather tired seeming dining room?
I went during Speed street.  I must say it was cheaper than the vendors on the street.  However, the sandwich was not worth sharing with friends.  I was surprised considering my coworkers love this place. I am not sure if it has something to do with location.  I will not be returning.
Just had our Yorkie groomed yesterday by Misty and she did an amazing job!! It's the best haircut he has ever had. She showered him with love and attention and I knew he was in good hands. We will be back to have her groom him again.
The reviews about mediocre service is spot on. Good value and likeability of the food. Wife says she'll be back but probably without me. Server paid too much attention to regulars and neglect newcomers.
I eat breakfast here twice a month with a networking group. I've tried a number of dishes and everything has been wonderful. I recommend the spinach/feta omelet.  Coffee is always fresh and good. Service is great.
This was my first cleaning after having my braces removed. I did not have the pleasure of this office providing my ortho care sadly... Perfect smile nun the less. Christine was willing to take the time to remove the remaining cement from my back teeth.\n\nI had a wonderful time in my chair as usual. Thank You
First time eating at this place. We did a to go order of Pho Thai and the spring rolls. The food was very fresh and the peanut sauce is awesome!!! Finally we found a Pho place to enjoy good food. ^_^
Fast Internet throughout the hotel. Friendly service. Nice free breakfast. Clean hotel.\n\nOnly con was the size of the pool.
Most beautiful spa I've been to!  Loved every moment of it - except that the day went by too fast.  All the employees are so customer service oriented.  The place is beautiful.  Hope I get the chance to spend the day at Aji Spa again someday!
I use the Pharmacy there and I was very satisfied with the timeliness and the customer service. As others mentoned it was clean.
Great lil place for breakfast! Husband and I both had eggs over medium, one sausage, one bacon, hash browns and sourdough toast. Everything was cooked perfect. Very good, fast service!
Worst food ever... It was cold. The crab was verrrry small, fried. They did not even offer butter for it.  I don't recommend this place and will NEVER go back there!
The best commercial Burgers I ever had. They taste like homemade. Try them!! I were two times in two days there. \n\nThere Fried with cheese were also delicious.
It's a bar in Caesars Palace - opens late so handy for drinks! not much else to say really!
I waited an hour for wings and fries. And when the food got here I wasn't impressed and the fries were soggy.
Best burger in town.  Everything else is great too
You can't go wrong with in n out!! I love it, inexpensive and good!! Have been going to in n out since I lived in California.
Hearts topping and not even worth it. Food was surprisingly bad. I had pork and Mac grill cheese which didn't work on many levels. My son's chicken fingers were better than my dish.
Our go-to restaurant, where the food and service are always excellent.
It's ok. Just your regular ol' \"American\" Chinese joint. Nothing fancy or stand out. I wouldn't eat-in this place. Didn't seem too clean.
Toby's is an awesome little dance hall and bar. The live bands and dj are always good and keep you entertained. The bar is a little pricey but the drinks are to die for.
I was so excited to try this place and really wanted to like it.  I was so disappointed.  Small portions, high prices, so-so flavor, poor service.  I loved the location, though.
My grand parents came here back when it was called \"lazy Lew's\" back in the 50's. The place is a total dive but it's fitting and its in an industrial part of phoenix. However the food is great and so is their home made hot sauce
I was really looking forward to trying Southern Rail. Overall the food was excellent and the service was really really great. The reason I only gave 3 stars is because I thought it was WAY overpriced and the head on shrimp were terribly overlooked, tough and dry. Fried green tomatoes, chilled corn soup and bread pudding were awesome.
It was pretty disappointing. I would definitely go somewhere else. We got a buy one get one free coupon and it still wasn't worth it. The breakfast was decent, the rest of the food I couldn't believe how bad it taste! Like worse than cafeteria in elementary bad!
Chips and Salsa are great here. I'd come to Macayo's just for the hot smooth sauce!! Mmmm nom nom nom....
It has been closed for 3 weeks, although all the fixtures are still in the store and there is no sign that they are permanently closed
Service was a little slow but not horrible the food was very good though and seemed reasonably priced.
Very uneven service tonight. Menu has also gotten tired. \nWe will be looking for another go-to Southpark restaurant.
Looooooved their tacos! Looks like a hole in the wall joint, but those are the best places!  I tried all of them and would eat all of them again! Lol. A bit pricey for the tacos, but it's worth it! Lol. Limited seating, always packed, u know its good!!
Not a very nice group of employees.  I say thank you and they walk away.  Not used to such abrasive employees at a Starbucks.  It might be time for management to review customer service expectations here.
Wunderbar! Authentic! Eleven German draft beers. The server( Stefanie) was from Dresden and did a great job. Sauerbraten, spatzle, and rot kohl were great!
Service = great. Food = alright. \n\nI've been here a few times over the years. For a cheesy chain it's ok. Nothing amazing. But the endless fries and drinks are a pretty cool feature.
Honesty to God best crab puffs in town! Love love love this place! Great for take out (super quick) and dine in atmosphere is chill.
The service here is phenomenal. People are very friendly and seem genuinely eager to help. The collection of whiskey and cigars is decent. But, they'll charge you an arm and a leg!  Couple of single malts and a cigar will easily cost you ~$80-100
Everyone was very helpful her. I went for a maintenance check and a car wash and I was out in an hour. I had my son with me and that was cool cause they had a play area for kids. Which kept him occupied for a while on top of having free snacks.
After waiting for two hours I kept noticing that they would take \"regulars \" or friends over people waiting . They have a number system that's not worth a sh*t. Why have numbers when you're gonna pick who you want. I will never go back there again!
Best homemade Italian food!  Fresh and homemade pasta.  Had \nthe fettuccine Alfredo w chicken and broccoli, best I ever had.  Bruschetta was awesome too.  Quick and friendly service.
it is worth all the hype!  i loved it!  fresh, flavorful, healthy, interesting!!!!!  just go!
Love this place. Great views and a cozy feel.
Was greeted as soon as I walked in by the guy making the hot dogs. \n\nGreat value!  The hot dog was delicious and was only $2.99-3.99!\n\nApparently a hot dog store from Detroit.
Really enjoyed the extensive menu and many choices for vegan, etc.  Food was excellent quality and value.  Staff was very nice.  Don't go if you're in a hurry it's a relaxed pace.
Went here with a friend in 2011. Kind of disappointed to find out the cast only works Monday thru Friday. It was very busy. Not like on the show where there is nobody inside.
They recently changed Happy Hour offerings. Gone are the best sangria in town, healthy fish tacos and fabulous shrimp and chicken enchiladas. You can order them off main menu but you will pay dearly. Too bad, this place had the best happy hour around.
UW Health Monona is the worst clinic in the world. I finally left after waiting an hour to see my doctor. They are incompent and don't care how much of their patients time they waste
Fun place...especially at night when the music starts thumpin' and you're enjoying some good Japanese beer.  Service can be hit or miss, but the staff is always friendly.  And of course - yummy sushi!
Had lunch here while in Vegas. Food was awesome, waitstaff was very friendly/efficient, desert was seriously yummy. Would eat here again in a second.
Not sure why all the positive reviews.  Thought maybe we'd get something other than typical Americanized Chinese food.  Unfortunately, no, and the food was so salty that we could not finish it.
Total Cheez Whiz decor. It's like a Vince Neil tribute to himself. Server was kind of funny, but that about it.
JC Penny pricing is very deceiving these days due to rebranding. Bought something and they had 3 different price written over the stack...When scanned, it was the highest price...\n\nAvoid JC Penny until they figure it out
Good food, but employees are a little slow
Best local restaurant I've been to in Charlotte. The service was friendly and  quick. The food was outstanding...yes it was pricey but worth it. I've eaten there multiple times with my wife and in a group of 14 and each time the same great food and service.
Went back last night for a late dinner with friends and was again impressed with everything we tried. Best dishes were: miso butterfish, beef tongue stir fry, garlic baby Bok Choy, yellowtail tar tar, udon soup, and beef tataki. :) delicious once again!
I've tried twin peaks multiple times now. I am not highly impressed with their food quality, can get better food at a PT's Pub than here.  I like that the beer is cold, their house brews are decent.  Only reason to go back is to get an extremely cold beer.
I was with a big group of people. And the restaurant was busy, but it took literally a whole hour for her to get me my check.
Easy to take players money when people buy in a no limit table with 20 bucks place was a dump it needs to remain closed!
This is definitely a top of the line restaurant, and the prices reflect that. I've eaten there a few times the last time I had salmon it was really good.
Art on the walls.\n\nArt on the plates.\n\nI sat at the bar in front of the kitchen. I wanted a bite of everything I saw head out.\n\nDef a must-eat if you're anywhere in or around Vegas.
To say this is a shady dealership would be a complete understatement. I would highly advise against anyone considering buying a new car from this dealer. Don't waste your time, buyer beware!
Had hitch installed on my jeep patriot  Josh GM did very good job and at a great price
Absolute worst car wash I have ever been to they barley wash anything my car looks worse then when I brought it the light hand drying is a joke he didnt wipe off even half of the water.
It's pretty much Tryst on steroids.
Highly, highly recommend the Chicken Marsala-  not the creamy version though.
Are you kidding me? Accept CC? This is a Chinese grocery store, man.
I love this place but very disappointed they took their best sandwich, the pizza grinder, off the menu.  I guess I won't be going here as much now.
Clean store, friendly and knowledgable staff, and great selections. Variety of plus size lingerie. Out of the way but would definitely return!
Had a party melt today. It was ok. Still the best fresh fries around!! Add gravy on them and mmmmmmm!!!
1. Great selection of brands/stores\n2. Tiny food court. Eat elsewhere. \n3. Long line and slow service for Starbucks in the summer\n4. Ample parking\n\nMy favorite outlet store is Banana Republic because you can find good quality clothes for a reasonable price.
Just went to brick for the first time , the food  we delicious and our server Manny was amazing, polite attentive ...definitely will be back =)
0 stars if I could. The atmosphere is terrible I feel like I am going to get lung cancer the second I walk in. The main problem I had was at the mess up on my order and then they charge me extra for messing up on my order I will never come back and I would strongly suggest avoid this place at all cost.
Not the best coffee, but the service was good!
I'm no expert in Korean food but the service was service where they cook the meat at your table and it tasted great.  Soup and salad was good too.
Great experience! Super friendly staff and very helpful offering suggestions on ordering since it was our first time in. Food was soo good. My new favorite! Can't wait to go back!
I have to say this place is overrated (or I am just too used to authentic Asian food). Don't even know some basic Asian cuisine techniques, e.g. you need to saut\u00e9 meat with a little bit starch to make it tender.
I just paid $10 for a dozen stale donuts.\n\nMaybe it's because it's a weekend or maybe this location just sucks, but I'm going to BoSa next time.
This was a well run restaurant with delicious food and top notch service. I just wish I had been more adventurous when ordering. I played it safe with Chicken when I should have gone for the Lamb.
Hookahs  were good \nMusic was mellow and relaxing \nSeating was nice and comfortable \n\nGreat if your goin to a small place and want something for the moment
Excellent place!  My husband and I were staying at the hotel behind the restaurant and decided to give it a try. We were very pleased with the whole experience from the service to the wine. The food was great and no complaints.
We usually come here for Sunday Brunch. Most of the times the food and service is pretty good. This time however the service was terrible and our food was cold and biscuits were burnt and hard. We sat for 5 minutes without a place setting and nothing to eat our food with.
What is everyone talking about! Nasty stuff fries are soggy.  Baconn was burned and old. Way over priced. Please save your $$ and go somewhere else.
Trade credit could and should be higher. Staff could and should be friendlier. The store is well stocked and organized. I much prefer the Tempe location. I just feel like I get crappy vibes from the staff everytime I come in
Great place for home stuff, prices are high but you get what you pay for.  Only downfall is they don't update their product fast enough.
amazing prices, omg the cheapest I've ever seen. Although it is pretty small, but I did find a $3 Bebe sweater here. :)
Used all my m and g dollars here last semester.  Very convenient. Fast good quality service, seems to be family owned. They are very cooperative always give me extra rice instead of the veggies. Best menu items are the same chicken and orange chicken. If u live in taylor place great alternative to dining hall food.
Really good, I like the vegetable enchiladas.  I've been here for a variety of occasions....work happy hour, adult dinner, dinner with kids, and it worked well for all of the above.  The servers have always been pleasant as well.
Super helpful staff and it was not super crowded on a Saturday morning!
Very intimate, very beautiful ambiance. The food was delicious, I tried frogs legs here for the first time, delicious!\nThis place is a great idea for a date.
Nice atmosphere, no wait (on a weeknight). I was surprised not to see any there was no mole on the menu. I ordered the vegetarian fajita. It was alright, nothing amazing. I would probably go back and order something else... drink selection seemed good.
Sorry, but egg tarts served COLD is just not my thing.
First time in Belks and a nice experience. Wish they had more staff on hand to pay for things. I put several things down since I could find no one except a man yelling into his ear piece at another worker, so I left. hint hnt
Willie is a legend, if I was still in Phoenix I would be coming back time and time again. Sucks I have to find someone as good as him again. I dont like my hair being cut but he did the best job and I was always happy. Keep it up!
By far, one of the best customer services of any business I have ever dealt with. All the staff there treat me very well even thought I return my glass 3 time because of the manufacturer defect in the lens. Each and every time they gave me a new pair with a smile. I will be doing business here for life.
Was a nice inexpensive place to get a sandwich. I liked the meatball quite a lot.
The food here is amazing! I had the tuna melt and felt like I was chewing on heaven! Our server, Lindsay was so sweet and personable. I really liked her! Great service and great food!!
Sat at the bar and watched Danilo Oribe give a nice bottle juggle show! I don't know what the art of his act is called but it was super cool! \n\nHe was twirling bottles, tossing and catching them, and not spilling anything\n\nHe was also a really nice guy
I like! Owners have a great personality. If you're really hungry probably not the best spot. It's a little pricy for the amount of food but the food you do receive is GREAT.
Tactical Precision AZ is probably the best firearms training schools i have seen. They offer Arizona Armed Guard courses and courses eligable for Arizona CCW permits. I give them five stars.
This place claims to offer Foot therapy and foot repair if your feet are in pain, but if you have calluses or blisters - no luck. They won't serve you. I'm in a huge amount of pain so thought this would be the perfect place but it's pretty useless.
The sandwich I had (the smash) was delicious! It is such a cute little place with a chalkboard menu. The people working there were so nice and helpful. I also recommend one of the seltzer drink. I had the sweet ginger one and it was tasty!
Nice enough place to stay.  The only downside I experienced was poor soundproofing on the door that connected my room to the room next door for groups.  I didn't know the folks on the other side, and boy did the lady have a loud, funny laugh and like to slam doors.  Other than that, it was great.
$40 dollars for Sauce, Dough, Cheese, and Sausage?  Give me a break.  My wife and I go out often.  This was the worst service I have received in years.  Over priced hole in the wall pizza joint.  We heard good things, we were not sure what people see in this place.  Not for us.
The service is very very slow. The server is on her first rotation by herself with a group of 17, WTF. The food was cold, no other server or manager came to help her out. I finally had to complain after 1 1/2 hours to the manager. I will never go here again.
not good.
We don't venture downtown often - but when we do, it is our 'go to' place.  There's never a question.  Great atmosphere.  Wonderful food.  It's not hit or miss....it's a hit EVERY time.
This is the only place open near work at 3am. The service was good but had to wait for hot coffee which was a bit annoying.
this is a great place to go with phenomenal prices on really cheap worthless crap however the best part of going there is when you were in there you can watch all the tweakers tweaking
Definitely have great prices and the food was rather tasty. The only thing I wish is that they had a few more items on the menu. Overall I enjoyed the food. The cuisine was Cuban
I just had appetizers (supersalty) and my date ordered a beer. Then my other friends phone got stolen :(
First time there. Liked it.
This is a nice place for an affordable meal that won't disappoint. Don't expect too much. The place offers generous size portions at a great price. If you are looking for a fancy place this is not the place for you. And BTW the service was good
For all u can eat sushi this is a good place place. Especially the scallop and mussels wete delicious. Also the lychee ice cream is a must try.
the service egain one sushi chef for the whoole restaurant, extra slow service,in other words bad service, we never went back, n not to organise, the sushi guy dress in adidas shirt n terrible hat, not drss properly to his job, thanks
Still 4-stars, but I really need to say that the Cheese plates are awesome at Boltini... I love the options, and that you can choose any number of cheeses. The Cheese plate and the half-price appetizers n Thursday are definitely the highlights of the food menu.
Just got lashed! So far so good! Loving what I see! She was very professional and my lashes look very natural! She's definitely well experienced and knows what she's doing.
Very happy that I was able to find this little gem using yelp.  I great little hidden away little diner.  Service was prompt, server was curteous and attentive, and my Ortega Burger was quick to the table and tasty . . . can't ask for much more.
Enjoyed it through and through. Had the big unit hot dog. It was actually delicious. Will go back whenever im in Arizona. Oh! and the waitress was very nice.
OK, I'm not Jewish and made it known.  Called for information, and what wonderful warm welcoming feelings they give you.  If I move to this side of town...here I come JCC!  This has to be de place!
Exactly as expected from an In-N-Out!  Fresh and friendly faces and always busy!  Gotta get your food animal style (kinda like Mac sauce). Neapolitan shakes are the bomb!
The only positive I can think of is that the rooms are generally very cheap.  You smell a wierd funk when you walk in.  The food choices are slim and bland.  The bars are dated and severely under staffed. Overall a bad place to stay or hang out in a city with so many other options.
I am from the Caribbean so my food has to taste seasoned.  The ribs were cooked to perfection however they did not taste seasoned! I am tempted to season some ribs and take it back to the chef and have them prepare it.  Then it would be perfect!
Good pizza, good wings, and good prices. Can't understand why anybody in Gilbert would order from Pizz Hut, Little Ceasers, or Domino's over a place like this. It's no Pizzeria Bianco or anything, but it's still pretty tasty.
Great German beer and food. I will be back!!
I really want to like this place. The atmosphere is nice. The servers are friendly and attentive. The food is just bland. I've tried many things on the menu in my quest to like this place. The food is edible, but just not good.
The food was decent, the casino was fun, but there craft beers were very good.
ive actually eaten dinner at Mix before so the view etc was not new to me.  we came here on a friday night to grab some drinks.  it has a small dancefloor.  most of the place is roped off for table reservations though.  the outside area has amazing views of the strip.
Seafood St. Jacque crepe ftw. Expensive there but worth it for this incredible crepe.
$5 pitchers of cheap beer on a Friday night. Hey Pitt students, this place is your dream come true. They also have a literal hole in the wall inside of the establishment where you can order hole in the wall food. The fries were good. If you are a young college kid, you'll love it.
Chicken and beef enchiladas and steak burrito were just average.  The spice really overwhelms any other flavors and the meats were low quality.
This lady her name is Daniel she wasn't listen  to me  how I wanted her to cute my hair end up she got it wrong style. She was so hurry to finish it.  She also ark for tip! I would never go back to that place.
went for a breakfast burrito. IT was awesome.  I will defintely go back for more.
Solid hotel, pretty hard beds but clean. Great water pressure and fantastic location.  Be sure to join their club for free in room wifi.
I honestly was looking forward to trying Pedros and was extremely disappointed. Horribly slow service and cold food was about all I took away from this place.
500 bottled beers and 60 rotating drafts. What's not to love? Fun atmosphere. Cool idea to have the food menu be local restaurants that deliver to you table. \n\nOnly beef is the price of the beers.
Great little gym. Very clean and never too busy. You can't beat the price either. The staff is very friendly but doesn't ambush you trying to sell services while you are training.
Amazing. Knowledgeable and friendly staff, I often spend much more time then I usually would talking with the Purveyor and his staff about everything pop culture.
Spartan Club is Truly Unique and fantastic!
Great gym for a motel 6 not a 5,000 room hotel. At 6am there was not one available piece of equipment. I had to do crunches in my room instead. I can do a thousand now.
Denise is very professional and does an exceptional job. I would recommend her to anyone. She takes the time to explain everything and answers all your questions. Would not go anywhere else.
Get the original, deluxe on dark rye. OMG!!!
If you are looking to splurge, then this is the spot!  Excellent service and amazing food.
love the concept of this place! fun, friendly, knowledgeable and professional staff! best blow dry ever! highly recommend checking them out. i am going back tomorrow.
This is my 4th visit at this Hotel. In comparison to the strip hotel, this one is the budget with the great hospitality, very descent rooms and service especially the shuttle service to the strips. I would like to thank the nice lady named Johanna who greeted me and took her time to talk to me and my family as a person.
If you want to go to a fast food restaurant to be ignored, then this is the place.  The employees go out of there way to ignore anyone who might be in line.  Only when there is a line of 5 people do they slither to the counter.  Horrible business.
I got my engagement ring sized and this happened. I received a ring that was a lot thinner and sharp. Now I have small cuts and extremely dry skin which I didn't have before. Sad face!
No complaints. Quiet place, lot of chairs and good service. Just a little unclean, typical of Walmart.
This is a gem in this area.  Great staff Margie is a godsend.  Love this place.
Slow service,terrible steak tacos ( or should I call them grizzle tacos) loud crappy music,uncaring waitress and bartendress. Gave the place three chances,that's all they get.No more !!!
This is our go-to SouthSide bar. Wings are great, burgers are excellent. Service is incredible - Jim, Erin, Kelly, Josh... All amazing people! The 2nd floor has held a bunch of our football drafts and we've rented for parties too. We love the BBT! Always a great time!
Very impressed,enjoyed my food here the Chicken burrito was really good and the prices are reasonable.Will be back here again in the future for sure!This was my first time eating at Qdoba and I thoroughly enjoyed it very tasty food in a nice open surrounding! Thanks
Really great boba smoothies! The best I've had in Arizona by far. I would go every week if I could afford it.
Great smoked turkey panini.  Delicious lunch!
Amazing  kibble and some great appetizers but that's about the only good thing I can say.   Dry lamb kebabs, grizzly meat on the hummus, strange atmosphere altogether.   Bummed.   I  need a good Middle Eastern restaurant.
This pizza is mediocre at best. Not really a NY style pizza - the crust is soggy, they finely chop the toppings - definitley not worth getting excited over.
Great pizza. Good beer.  Paul, the manager is the best. He always takes care of his patrons.
Kimchee Soon Tofu Soup was bland.  Kalbi seasoning was adequate but could marinate longer.  Service is average.  Server never came back to refill water or did not come back to see how food taste.
I order from this location often. It always arrives promptly and fresh. It's dominos, so it's cheap if not of the highest quality. 2 medium pizzas for $12, worth the $2 bump over little ceasars for cheap pizza.
Been going here for YEARS!!!!!!!!! Nice to see it busy!
A great, authentic, great tasting chinese restaurant. My favorite dish is the Salt & pepper pork chops. The mandarin pork chops are also really good. I have been coming here for 10 plus years. They are great for groups.
Great salad. Great wine list. Chronic Cellars Purple Paradise for under 30, incredible deal. Kenna was a GREAT server, very friendly and attentive. Good to see local restaurants represented among the chain madness in the terminal.
Yum.  Just plain yummy.  Love the old 50's atmosphere.  White shirt and ties, reminds me of an old dime store restaurant .   Crispy fries, great burger.  Toasted bun, just plain good.
Lola's on Central is now Citizen Coffee- Not the same.... But still a local coffee shop that beats out your local 'Bucks. I recommend making the trek to Lola's on Roosevelt.
I like this place. It is not your typical localm casual mexican food restaurant. Their food is super fresh, inventive and they have some healthy options. I like the salsa bar as well. In a neighborhood with few options that aren't chains, I like supporting local business.
Now three full months with my system.  I am so happy with everything I was told. Today I got nvenergy bill. I have extra kWh to carry over for next summer. Robco knows  what they are doing when they size your system. \n\nGreat job you deserve 6 stars........
Good place to hangout for shisha as that is what everyone was having apparently.\n\nI had some tea - it was from a tea bag and not so great.
Bad Service and Mean management !!! No people skills
Warm, friendly ....  nice and reliable and conveniently located inside PV Mall.
pool master is a rip off try to charge you $300 for a $12 part want money up front and never come again dont used this company.
This place was great! Sat at bar and had bartenders pick my beer and food for me. I had a mixed beer, a peppermint bark and white chocolate ale. For food I had the maui wowi pizza. It was all delicious and the atmosphere and service was amazing. I will definitely return!
Mike is great and always treated me like a great customer! Love going there, they are fast and easy to work with!  I will always come back to this office because of their customer service and professionalism.
I looked at the reviews and thought this would be a great place for bunch.  Wrong! I don't know how their regular menu food is but their brunch was horrible with a capital H.  $21 a person was way too much for disgusting food.
First time here in a very long time, service was good, food was just OK. Probably won't be back, too many other eateries in Mesa to try.
This place has the strongest coffee I have ever had. I am not effected by caffeine usually, however this had me buzzing. I don't like that feeling. :-(
So this place and the Cheese Cake Factory come from the same company?  Seriously, what's the difference? All the finest in corporate mediocrity.
This place really suck pho sucks that your service really bad.. Do not come to this place ..
I tried this restaurant once.  They used so much MSG that my mouth hurt afterwards.  I won't go back.
so good we eat there once a week! great food , and filling. No place is better to take a group of teenage boys after football practice . I love everything I have tried there except for the rolled tacos , they are pretty hard and not much filling. \ncarne asada fries and nachos are the best!
Here for Wella convention. LOVE this hotel!! Pool nice Rooms great!!
I guess you need to go at night, because during the day it was RIDICULOUS. ZZZZZZ
The staff tries to be really accommodating and jordyn is the best Lasar girl. The establishment is clean and comfortable
If you are a vegetarian, keep out.  For the rest of us, this place is great.
I think this is a weekend problem, but the cook has an extremely heavy hand with salt -- on the Turkey burger, the fries etc. it ruins very good food
Worst customer service. Preferential treatment goes to white people here for sure after what I witnessed today. Too bad, I was ready to drop at least $2,500 but I went to Restoration Hardware instead. Much better quality there!
The font desk here is AMAZING. Diana, Olivia, Gloria, Irizarry and Mark. Yes, I know them all by name. We only go a few times a year, but they always remember us and always take great care of us.
Casey and Stephanie are awesome. Dalton was nice too. \n\nNow, Kevin is a different story. Kevin was a total freaking douche bag/jerk off. Kevin is the reason, I will NOT return to this establish, my last weekend here in Arizona. \n\nI look forward to spending my money elsewhere tonight.
For the price it's what I would expect. 6.95 for two eggs hash bribes bacon and toast. Very mediocre but again I'm not complaining since you get what you pay for. $1 mimosa and bloodys before 12. Definitely can tell it's only worth a dollar.
Aloha is clean, the staff is super friendly and it's hard to come twice in a row without seeing new flavors.  They always have kids movies playing to entertain the youngsters.  The toppings are unique, fresh and delicious.  It's a neighborhood gem, if you live nearby stop-in and meet some neighbors.
If you can avoid this theater, do it.  There are definitely newer and cleaner theaters out there.  But if you must watch at this location and your show will end after the mall closes, make sure to park by the theater.  There is nothing worse than trying to locate your car in the ghetto at 10 at night.
The place is incredible but they need like a shuttle to get you around that place rather than having to deal with the parking. and turn off those ridiculous fires!!! when its 100 degrees outside that looks ridiculous! even if its for ambiance!
Just went to Vegas and LOVED this casino.  The dealers were friendly and funny and the place is beautiful.  We didn't stay there, but I would  like to try it next time.
I have only been once and thought it would be a good place to take children over 3 or so.  My son was about 6 months when we went so didn't get a lot out of it.  The \"infant room\" is not that great and he wasn't really able to interact with anything.
Gianna Christine is the best! I have been going there for five years and LOVE it.  Marlene does my hair and she is great - very friendly, professional and just lots of fun. All of the staff is super nice and helpful. I have become addicted to all things Aveda!
Went the other night with a big group from work and had a really great kobe burger with white cheddar and sweet potato fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and the fries were kick-ass. Still not the best burger I've ever had but we had a great time!
I don't know why this place has low ratings, its good for a franchise restaurant, and way better than Olive Garden on sunset. Decent service and the food is always on point.
Disappointed! My first time at the place. The food was average at best. The staff was average, did not live up to the image. The fire alarm went off and they could not turn it off themselves. The fire took 30 minutes to get here to do it. What a joke!
From being greeted at the door by the owner to the kind and gentle attention one seated the experience and ambiance matched the excellent quality ingredients of the food.  Great value for the money.  Recommend come early evening or very late night.  The place is packed with locals and tourist.
I got some sushi from here and it was horrible!! It was filled with little fish bones throughout the entire two rolls I purchased!! Don't bother buying sushi from here!!
Thoroughly enjoyed date night with the wife here. Had the Yellow Curry w/ Chicken & my wife had the Spicy Calamari. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that our food took awhile. However, when it came, it was absolutely delicious!
They serve decent food but the service is awful. The worst I've seen ever. I am not going there again. The waiters are too dumb to remember the order that we placed and this happened many times.
The curtains are held up by PVC piping that should say it all.    I went there for lunch - place was 10 percent occupied and still took 1 hour for food to come.   On top of that food was piss poor - I ordered the pork dish - tasted and looked like old frozen pork that was nuked.   Never going back
Food is enjoyable and portions are big. Tried there Jamaican chicken wings and jerk shrimp. Both were average.
The worst print and copy center ever. They always act like you are inconveniencing them, constantly forget directions for print jobs, seem clueless about their jobs, overcharge, and the list goes on...
I give this McDonald's 5 stars comparing it to other McDonalds restaurants in the Las Vegas/ Henderson area. service is fast whether you're in the drive-thru or ordering inside..
Great time. \nVery Friendly\n\nFood cooked to order. Amazing Fish Tacos
Best Mexican seafood ever!!!! It's better to order for pick up since it gets really loud
One word:  Sodium.
Terrible service, we waited almost an hour for our food; they brought us our appetizer but nothing else we told them we're leaving we are paying for the appetizer , we are not paying for anything else and left.
What a great local spot that offers a good cup of coffee. Upon arrival, there were a few patrons enjoying coffee with friends or working on the Internet. I ordered my coffee to go, to get back to work, and was very happy with the service and quality of my coffee. Support your local coffee shops, they are great!
KC did an AMAZING job and really brought my original platinum to an even better color! He has a great personality and will make you laugh which is a bonus because we spent quite a few hours in that chair.
I was hoping for a kick @$$ sandwich - I got what might be a step above subway but they don't even bake their own bread (subway does). I'll stick with jimmy johns or keep looking.
Great breakfast joint!  I've eaten there twice and have recommended it to a few friends, and all have loved it.  The Hopple Popple is my favorite, and the portions are huge!  Not the greasy spoon that you often see when dining out for breakfast.
Average..The Hotel is a dump I wish they had more standalone locations in Las Vegas Hopefully the will get a locations near Nellis AFB!!
Try Daves new juicy burgers.  Holy hell they are good!!
Walking around the neighborhood came by Casa Don Juan.  It was very busy for a Sunday morning and I can see why!  This is authentic.  Great atmosphere and great food.  The service was outstanding.  Planning on going back to indulge!
Visited this place for the first time last night. \nVery much enjoyed it. Cozy community place with very skilled chefs.\nThe fish was fresh and flavorful and excellently presented.
Alright this place was about to be a four star place until I saw the bartender use the pitcher she was pouring the excess head from my beer in to serve another customer. Bad form. Although she was friendly and helpful. Ok beer selection, good menu. Lunch menu is always the same. Wings are ok, with the best flavor being honey hot.
I had the souvlaki and my husband had the sirloin tips. Both were completely flavorless. My husband and I both agreed that the most impressive thing about this place is that they could actually find a way to cook the flavor out of beef and onions.  The tzatziki sauce was okay same with the Greek salad.
Perfect diner-type food in a diner-type atmosphere! The prices are a bit high for what you're getting but they are open all day and very convenient.
I had high hopes to work with Troy. He called right away after I called to set up an appointment. He came by to look at my job and said it was pretty straightforward He then said he would get back with me on a quote. After a week and multiple text messages asking for a quote he never got back to me.
Went there once a few months back, saw not one but two large roaches on the floor. That was enough for me to cancel my order and never return.
Thought this place was pretty good but I have had better.  My friend ordered the brisket noodle dish and felt that all the meat was fatty and didn't it any of if.  However, the broth and noodles were tasty.  I did enjoy the steamed shrimp dumplings...they were very good.
Forget the Strip.  If you want to see REAL Vegas...I'm talking flashing, neon lights and old school coin operated slot machines and some people livin' it UP...Fremont is the place to go.  I went there last night since it...
Military appreciation here is awesome! Food is served fresh and the short time is minimum. Clean location. Friendly staff. Affordable prices.
When it comes to chicken wings, WOW!! this place has the 10000 star if there was one! Amazing wings, hot or mild..very soft.. quick and very friendly staff, the owner is very friendly too. One of my favorite local places to go visit when I crave wings
Waitress was a little slow. Manager was helpful.
Cool restaurant great neighborhood concept but the food is so bland. Store bought chips for the dips. Kids Mac and cheese is gritty and flavorless. Chicken in salad is over cooked and not seasoned. Heaping pile of raw arugula on my pizza. Salt is great resource. Thanks but no thanks not again
I like this place. The food is pretty good. I love the wings and happy hour street tacos. There are TVs everywhere. The atmosphere is chill. The bartenders are friendly and treat me well. give this place a try. . . I will admit, they had a rough start, but they seem to have worked it out
Love this place! First time I've been here and I can't believe i didn't come here sooner. This is the place to be.
We wanted a light dinner before we hit the road out of Vegas and while this was a perfect git the fried rice wasn't anything to write home about but the Vegetable \"medley\" soup my wife ordered was pretty good. Service was slow and drinks never go refilled but it was relatively cheap food and fit the bill.
The food is amazing. Fish and chips and the roast beef (with mash potatoes) were insanely good. You MUST try the Yorkshire pudding!!!
I have had issues with FedEx in the distant past but never with this location. As to service FedEx has always been 5*s.
Who comes for the service? Hooters. Global, Casinos, Wings, Tit$, sports, and beer. Good food and atmosphere. Never come here for the service because it does happen!
Nice Ambience\nNice Pricing\nNice Food\nWorth going more than once. \nI wanted to give them 5/5 stars but I took 1 star away for not serving crab legs!!
BBQ mix is great and is a lot of food
Duck tongue tacos? Yup! Nice fusion approach, reasonably good food, and not \"horribly expensive\" by Vegas strip standards. Could do better with the concept, but i enjoyed the meal.
A good cheap diner type restaurant in Las Vegas.\n\nThe prime rib special was actually quite good
Came here to get a wax and noticed that she did not use a new wooden stick on my face. Yuck. Won't be back. Must be clean above all else
Worst. Burrito. Ever. \n\nI had lunch there today and ordered the Grilled Chicken Burrito. It was, by far, the worst burrito I have ever had. Somehow, it was very watery. I don't even know how that is possible.
I had the ham & eggs with pancakes & hash browns.  The food is good, but the 4.5 stars is not an accurate rating for here.  The other 4.5 rating places I have dined at were incredible.  This was just a decent breakfast.
I went there for lunch with a friend. The restaurant was busy which is a good sign. Food was excellent and so was the service. I give 4 stars for the wait to be seated
One star is generous.  Beware,  she only has appointments 2 months out and none on the weekends and has very poor customer service skills.  DO NOT BUY GROUPON OR ANY SERVICES FROM THIS BUSINESS!!!
Very unprofessional when a restaurant calls you 3 weeks after you book a reservation for 6 people, and tells you they are not honoring the reservation now because someone wants to rent the entire restaurant that same evening - I hope everyone else who was cancelled by this place tells all their friends and colleagues to avoid this place - very short-sighted.
We visit Arizona Wilderness Brewing Co whenever we are in Chandler, AZ . The food is absolutely incredible and the staff is always very attentive. We can always count on an excellent dinning experience when we come here.
Friendly staff, but...\n\nI've never had such a sandwich (the Italian BMT with all of the trimmings,my favorite) from a Subway that was so bland and disappointing.... I couldn't even finish my sandwich, which was pretty bad considering how hungry I was.
Indifferent to neglectful service on a Friday night. The food was good once it finally came, but we considered eating our fingers in the interim.
So excited to have Wood Creations in Vegas!  Cute wood designs, helpful staff.
I just love this place.  The coconut slush is perfect and the boba is so tender. I need my fix every other day. Convenient location not located in busy china town,.
As a bride I was VERY disappointed with the services!  They ran more than a half hour past my appointment making me late to my own wedding and because the hair dresser was rushing the curls all fell out and my hair looked horrible; I would have been better off doing it myself!
Wow!!! I may never be able to eat regular food again.  Have the toffee pudding for dessert!!!!   It was to die for. The only thing that could have made it better would be if Ramsey was there!
The stadium has all of the amenities of most ballparks.  The parking is good since you can get free spaces just a few blocks south of the stadium.  Club level prices are reasonable.  The video board is it's best feature as it's one of the largest, if not the largest in MLB.
Extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  They were professional and timely.  I would use them again.
I love, love love there breakfast Steak burrito, with no beans!  It is very affordable.
Fine for a buffet, I guess.  Some of the food was pretty tasty and some of it was obviously pre packaged.  Go early because you will beat the lines, but also because it'll give you more time to digest so you can drink through the night. I really looked 6 mos pregnant after I left.
I'm a frequent traveler to Las Vegas, my favorite Persian restaurant is Habib's.  I've visited many Persian restaurants across the US, this is the most beautiful.  The quality of the food is suburb and Habib is always happy to accommodate special requests.
Everyone is very friendly but I felt pressured to buy things I didn't want or need.  Also my 5mo old puppy needed to have a molar extracted and I found place that would do it for $300 less than they quoted me.
yum green curry chicken. waiter was helpful and nice. i didnt have a hard time ordering. will come back!
This is a Red Robin. If you want the typical American food joint, this is your place. We had a very friendly waiter and overall enjoyed our experience. I was very surprised that a martini was under $5! Compared to most places with food and drinks, the drinks were relatively inexpensive.
Food is great.. had the harbor lobster bake everything was amazing.   Those biscuits you get are even better. Lol\nManager was kind of a ass hole last time we went (we just asked for a both instead)
Very good food. Flavorful and fresh. The customer service is excellent. Best Chinese I have had in the 17 years I've been in Vegas.
Delicious food, friendly staff... Definitely not your usual Indian fare with paneer tikka paninis and wraps.  A real treasure in University City!
An awesome family owned establishment with good food and great prices. No Clancy's trip is complete until you do at least one shot of fireball and don't forget to try the weekly lunch specials. If you're looking for a nice non-douche bag neighborhood Scottsdale bar you found it!
Excellent service and food to match! And this coming from some BIG Indian food fans from Ireland. Would definitely recommend this place, particularly the tandoori sharing starter. Even the pilau rice was delicious!
Cheap chinese food. Best bang for buck as you get a lot of quantity for what you pay especially the rice dishes. But it must be really cheap as they give you unlimited rice.
It's ju st  really over priced food and the coffee never really tastes smooth......   and it's usually freezing in the building
This is our regular place food is good and service is better than Tofu hut.  They are not skimpy with portions and keep your sides coming.
Truly a neighborhood bar. Didn't know anyone here, and didn't leave without catching  everyone's name. Maybe not as wide of a beverage selection as the pizzeria-turned-bar in the same lot, but definitely lots more fun. Will return.
A Madison institution!
I only gave this place two stars because I just left it's been about 20 minutes ago and I haven't puked yet... The Pho is terrible especially for the price
This is probably a nice late night bar but the food was terrible. There is pub food and there is frozen pub food which I am sure we ate.  I am sorry I passed by Hooters. I met Jr. next day and If I knew him better I would have told him to get new kitchen staff.  I hope management takes note and makes changes.
Very good but cold when i received my food...
I really enjoyed the breakfast buffe \nClean and cheap\nFast service \nGreat food and always place and easy parking \nThe steaks are good as well \nGood vaule for money as well as great food
Usually these cups are filled to the top.....I am extremely pissed that I was cheated of the proper amount of delicious thrive. I am a valued and frequent customer. I bought FOUR and they were all like this. Unacceptable.
This nail place is terrible. Theres one across the parking lot that at least doesnt change prices on you.
We ordered take out and had extra sauce and ricotta cheese. Really good pizza! Also had cheesecake for dessert. Service was excellent and easy to park and pick up!
I really wish I had read the reviews before I bought a groupon for a massage. It took five calls to get an appointment which was then cancelled. A complete waste of money and very disappointing.
Cool atmosphere' pretty decent menu
Great little place. Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.  Same overtime. Barb is always here.
This place is a savior!! I have been addicted since the first opened in the Valley and I come typically once a week. I use the app to book my early AM appointments day of most of the time. I am always thrilled with the quality and consistency of the stylists.
I am a Pho fan amongst soup fans. I eat Pho 3-4 times a month in SD and PHX. This is quality pho. #9 will do you solid. The staff is friendly. Good pho'ing!
I like the concept of eating at a farm.  And Morning Glory brought that concept to reality.  The food was fresh.  But I felt it was a bit overpriced.
I dont understand the great reviews. Greasy diner food, served up in an industrial strip mall, with average customer service. They are ok, but definitely not worth 5 stars! So many other options offering up better quality food and ambiance.
Absolutely phenomenal! I've had many massages in my lifetime and this was by far the best! Shana was amazing and made my experience really great! Customer service was awesome considering I made my appointment really last minute, I definitely recommend going!!!
The service here is awesome, drinks are reasonable, but the food is really not worth the trip. Used to love this place for their good food, but since they had that fire couple of years ago food does not taste the same. I bet they changed the chef.
The tacos were greasy and unflavorful. I was quite disappointed with my order. There was also dirt on the floors and the people making the food didn't speak much English
Don't come here for restaurant week, overpriced menu for the food you get. Tried all 3 main dishes and they were all bland, needed to add lots of salt. Service was excellent on the plus side.
Great place for lunch! Quick. Reasonably priced. Decent food. Try it. You'll like it.
Stopped in for some free chocolate samples and stayed to share hot chocolate and a chocolate martini, both of which were ridiculously good. The deserts looked awesome including various types of chocolate fondue, chocolate pizza and delicious truffles. Will definitely come back to sample more from their menu.
This place is a hoot!  The energy was high and a little on the wild side.  The bartenders were super hot and danced on the bar in random shifts.\n\nI imagine it might get a little wild at times and I can understand some of the negative reviews but if you enter prepared for the controlled chaos it can be very fun!
Great place food and drinks where good awesome experience great service when you go ask for Scott to serve you
Spazzmatics bring their A game! I absolutely  love these guys and can't wait to watch them again.
Their kimchi burger is interesting. But I may have been expecting too much, how can a burger place serve a good kimchi dish?? However, the burger itself is juicy and melt in your mouth.
went for a group dinner, meatballs were amazing, the other food was kinda egh, also a bit pricey, decor was nice. Probably go there again if it was for a date.
The menu has many great diverse options. I was very impressed by the service here for the waiters were friendly and helpful. The cinnamon bun was absolutely outstanding!
I hadn't been to Kohls in years and I either forgot what a dump it was or it's declined over the years. Regardless it was a huge disappointment and I will be going to Steinmart for these needs for now on.
The M Resort is at the end of Las Vegas Blvd. about 10-15 minutes from the madness. Clean, sleek, great staff. Easy to park, easy to gamble, easy to eat (great buffet). I stay for business, but I will stay there when I go for pleasure.
This UPS location has some of the best customer service I have ever experience. They are extremely nice and helpful knowledgeable. They have patients and process clients quickly.
Meh. It was fine, but were pretty sure we ordered beef and got chicken. But they ignored the mistake as if it's how the dish comes out. Maybe I'm ignorant to Afghan style beef. Or maybe they were to lazy to fix the issue. Either way they handled it terribly. And the service was lacking. Bleh.
Nice place... Food is pretty good.. Priced well. I come here often. Get the papaya salad. Pad Thai is pretty good as well.
Great salon! Friendly front desk. My friend referred me to Nancy. She was nice, professional, and she did an amazing job! I got the ombr\u00e9 done and I always get compliments! Wonderful stylist and reasonable price!
Waited 20 min in a one lane cashier because the other cashier needed a lunch break... Better management when it's busy maybe? I'll be shopping elsewhere
Pool parties can be fun and i love the fact that they have speakers in the pool and you can actually hear the music in the water... beyond that the rooms are over priced uless you get the summer rate...\n\nJ-bar or what ever it is called now is not too bad to start out...
Delightful, we were there for Sunday brunch. Great food, pleasant conversation and very reasonable.  Making a point to return for dinner.
I'm a fan but they need to work on their service :) but food is highly recommended.
Not terrible.  I got the drunken noodles and pad thai.  Not the best, but not the worst.  Maybe I'll try them again and update my review...
Pretty cool bar,in the older part of vegas.nice & dark in there just the way i like it. It was pretty chilly when we stumbled upon this joint and wat was cool was that they a couple of fireplaces in between the lounges to warm ur knickers.
Good selection of patterns. Not a big selection on fleece. Very helpful women working in there though. Prices are okay considering the rare patterns. I got an old comic book pattern and a batman pattern I haven't seen in 15years! It get three stars because it wasn't bad but not completely fabulous.
A little pricey but the food was great tapas style. \nThe bar decor looked amazing, something out of a NYC. \nLive music made it feel a romatic.\n\nThe shops around the loft style area were  uniqiue to check out.
Went here on a working lunch and had the crab cake sandwich. In hindsight, I should've tried the fish sandwich, which they claim can't be eaten by one person alone. The food was fine, though, and it was relatively inexpensive. Decent lunch place.
How long does it take to make a bacon cheese burger?! Well let's just say I've been sitting here for 20 minutes and my boyfriends burger is not ready. Doesn't hurt for the people around here to smile either
Fun and a good time, but not much food for your money and it's expensive. I would go back there though. Maybe a once a year trip here, not a regular location. Staff were great, polite, and fast.
Very, very slow, and unfriendly service.  Food was okay.  Decent drink list.  You're better off going to Postino.
I love this place.\n\nGreat Service, Great Staff!\n\nVery Friendly\n\nAnd the Best Fish in Chips I have ever had.\n\nAffordable Prices and Fast Service.\n\nI recommend to any fish lovers!
The best Mexican food I have had in phoenix! I have had two friends that were born and raised in Mexico go there to test the place out and they both gave two thumbs up. The food reminded them of there grandma so it had to be delicious. Re-fried beans are amazing and so is the horchata.
Ya... it was really good... but your going to pay for it.  Wasn't the best steak I've ever had but was still very good.  Service was excellent.
Food not so good.  Service slow. Margaritas were good and only 3 dollars.  But they got greedy and raised it to $5.  Sadly it is Time to find a different place for margaritas
I went to this store because I heard they have a decent hookah and shisha selection.  Well their selection isn't too bad....  But the prices are down right outrageous.  Next to Trails, this place charges too much for their hookah merchandise.
There was no one in line before or after us and we only ordered one thing, yet the lady still managed to be a bit rude and dump our fries upside down in the drive thru bag. How hard would it have been to not mess up? Just yucky.
Avoid it. Owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect.
The place had a foul smell coming from the kitchen. (really bad), The waitress was great, but I couldn't get past the stench. The same chain on power rd is a much better choice
i have to give them 5 stars.  My room was comped, check in was easy, place was spotless clean, all VERY NEW, Casino was even new and not smokey.  I loved the modern rooms and very Miami Vice style of modern and sheek.   All employees were freindly, great places to eat.
I don't like giving bad reviews but this place earned it. I wish I took heed to warning from all the other reviews. This place doesn't care about there clients, they tampered with my food and I ended up with food poisoning accommodated with stomach muscle spasms immediately after eating there last night.
We have visited and bought meat from the head butcher, Aaron Oster. He is knowledgable and a pleasure to do business with. The meat is excellent. We plan to buy our meat there regularly.
This is the best place in Vegas to play mini golf. Not the best I've ever had but the best in Vegas! Had a triple date with my sister and friend. Everyone was really nice! Military Id school Id and locals get 2.00 off. I will be returning! We all had a great time:)
All I really have to say is...\n\n\nTheir chocolate cake is SOOOOO good.\nTake it to go!\nEat it at home and have a glass of milk with it.
Great craft beer selection and friendly service. My Belgian burger (ground lamb and sirloin with smoked gouda) was cooked  to an exact medium like I ordered. It was also topped with whole grain mustard, crispy bacon, and shallot. It was pretty bangin'. Great happy hour specials too.
They have the best oxtail loco moco, oyster and pork belly here. Wouldnt recommend the slow pork braised here.
This place is amazing!!! Jim is a great artist!!! Traveled all the way from Tampa just to get my tattoo!!! I would recommend this place to everyone!!!
Steep N Brew is one of the best and oldest coffee houses on State Street. They roast their own beans and are locally owned. Plus their baristas are pleasant and knowledgable! Amazing place. It is my java hut of choice on State--I have been going here for nearly five years.
Very good food. Reasonable price. Primarily a take out place. Dining in has excellent portions but prepare to wait. Look forward to expansion.
Cool coffee shop that is much needed in the heart of the \"starbucks controlled area\" in old town. Each drink is made carefully with time put into it. Not a great place if you are in a rush for this reason. Nice decor throughout.
Meh about sums it up. I've had worse tapas, but I'm definitely had better. The free sangria is a great touch and the staff's nice enough, but the food is blah and the ambiance is middle of the road.
This was the first time I came to this place at night and it was a crapshoot. We waited a good five minutes to be seated, another twenty to get an English menu for my anglo only friend and all of it came with reprehensible attitude. They can't command their price premium with service like this.
With a lazy river how does one go wrong. There is also a slide if you want to feel like a kid again! The service from all staff is great. The in room dining is quicker than expected and their attention to detail doesn't go unnoticed. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable. I love the robes. And the bathroom is just perfect.
1st time here. Food was excellent. Had crab cake and sizzling ham po boy. Both were great. Banana foster dessert was delicious. Definitely would come back. Only bad thing food took a little longer than expected. Not quick but worth the wait.
Not bad as diner food goes. Had eggs over easy & rye toast. Just wish the toast was browner than I received.\n\nNot bad at all.
Awesome service and awesome food!
We've been there a few times, the food is good but the service really needs improvement.\nThe service is slow, orders has been missed and forgotten.
This McDonalds is terrible long wait times stale food horrible customer service will never eat their again.
Just okay...not impressed by flavored or toppings. Outside tables were covered with spilled yogurt
Free was too expensive.  The room was chaotic and not entertaining.  We got dressed up and everything ready for a good time, ready to interact and nothing just people screaming and running around.  We left 20 minutes into the show.
Great place to buy furniture! Had great sales guys, Konnie for my couch and Gabe for my mattress. No hassle, no sales pitches, fantastic selection and great prices. They make it easy and explain all the options. The only problem is getting out of there without redoing your whole house!
still sucks! Enough said.
Very good classic New York pizza. I would highly recommend it. If you want to get the best pizza possible make sure you order light sauce. They tend to over do the sauce sometimes but overall great pizza place.
Great food and good service. Very good coffee and excellent atmosphere. I really love Panera bread. Great pastry's and best macaroni and cheese ever.
The lunch buffet is no more. Boooooo.
The wait is pretty long here, its a quite popular place.  Went once, had a bunch of margaritas and I think ate dinner, dont remember what it was but it was hot!
The staff was rude. The coffee tasted like water. It was WAY over-priced. Would never recommend this place.
A-Ok in my book. Nike SB's are getting harder to find (at least in Nike Outlet stores) but this Factory Store had one so I just had to get it. My current SB is dilapidated so I needed a new one.
No customer service fully staff not one employee greeted you and ask if you needed help.
I went to JET and had a fun time! We went on a Saturday night and it was completely packed!
This is the Cadillac of drive tru Mexican. Fast and perfect food. Love the rolled tacos and bacon breakfast burritos. 24 hours so you can your food on after the bar.
Seriously drives me crazy, there is so much potential here, but!!! Every time, horrible service, very disorganized... We have a 45 minute wait for a 2 top, but then people who get here 30 min after us sit right down... This place needs to get there act together!
I absolutely love this place! Only $2 cash for an amazing ice cream sandwich! Delicious!
Great food, lousy service.  I've been coming to this place for years and I've never had good, prompt service.  Servers always appear to be hanging out by the bar pretending to be busy.  If this place didn't have great food I would never return.
NOMNOMNOM In-N-Out Burger is always good :) Something that is on their secret menu is \"Animal Style\". You get your burger and fries with cheese, grilled onions, and  thousand island sauce--SO GOOD!! This location was very quick and friendly :)
Grade: F\n\nEven the fantastic Crunch Coat Blizzard can't make up for the deep fried tumor passed off as a chicken breast.
People were raving about this place and personally I don't get it. Make sure you go check it out before you decide to stay. The selection was mediocre at best... And the quality just not what I would expect from the hip Cosmopolitan. Service was good... Food was meh.
I purchased several baked goods from A Bakeshop next door to us and had a great experience! Friendly faces and quality goods! Treated my staff to these tasty treats and they are a fantastic addition to our neighborhood! Thank you and I look forward to stopping in soon!
Not very impressed. Was expecting a proper tapas bar and we received flat beer and stale vodka that was watered down. We had to wait to be acknowledged because the staff were too busy socializing. Definitely wouldn't recommend this place during the week, nor to any tourist.  Q
Great food and terrific service.  Never understaffed and as a customer you get a lot of attention. \n\nLove the pizzas.  Beet salad is yummy too!  \n\nCasual and prices are fair.
Fantastic to see a quality independent open in Scottsdale. Altitude is poised to be the \"Urth Caffe\" (LA's Best) of Scottsdale.\nBest of luck to Craig and team, their coffee is exceptional.\nC'mon Scottsdale...Support this local joint!!
Every day it becomes worse and worse. No fresh vegetables, no organic eggs. The Market is turning slowly into Walgreens that is right around the corner.
hands down the best donuts in town so many to choose froma nd the 24/7 open drive thru is the shizz!\ngood boba too and a fantastic selection of drinks
Last time I went there I got fajitas. It was good, and the service and the price were ok. I like the atmosphere there.
This is a wonderful place to enjoy long evenings!  It has an incredible patio, an excellent wine list, tasty food, and wonderful service (thanks Tim!!).  See you there
Wonderful service. Great staff. Even received a free $50 gift card to Fry's using a flyer in the mail :-)
Carne Asada Tortas were good, overall I want to come back but the service is the only thing stopping me from doing so. Veronica had a short attitude and didn't answer my question about the food.
These guys are the best! Stephen really explained everything to my fiance and I and made us feel very comfortable. I will definitely be coming back here.
OMG!!!! The food here is sooooooo good!!! The Chopped Salad will make you miss your flight! The service is the BEST I've experienced in awhile!
\"The food is great. The service is NOT! They seem to be more concerned about their to-go orders and not the people standing right in front of them. Will not waste my time again. Too many other choices.\"
Great place for brunch in a relaxed and casual environment. Surprisingly great chips and limey-salsa offered on the table. Will return.
6 pm Friday night- out of hard shells!!! Wtf? Worthless. I refused to order anything else.  We drove here specifically because we love chipotle, but have never been to this location. Never again!
Went there on a Sunday and ended up being the only people in the place.  So the service was fine and the two items we ordered were very good.  A salmon sandwich and a turkey burger with veggie slaw.  I'd go back.
Stay for the Amari.  Pizza - good.  Charcuterie - good.  Cold starters - okay.  But, the amari!  Interesting, delicious and fun - and quite a bargain to boot!
The Angus Reserve Burger at $12 was a frozen patty cooked to whatever the chef feels like cooking.  If you looking for food or drinks there are other places in Pittsburgh.  Come on Tap room, how many local breweries are located around Pittsburgh.  Update your selection
Very friendly place. I was in serious need of a pedicure and they did a great job. Very affordable and friendly. It may not look like much on the outside it is what they can do on the inside that matters.
I ate here about 37 times in a 5 day period 2 years ago and I still wake up crying sometimes because I realize that I live nowhere near Ronald's Donuts.\nYou've ruined my life, Ronalds Donuts!
Service is the only compliment I can attribute to this place.  The food is at best marginal.  If yoj want real chinese food, its not here.  There bbq meats are not tasty unless you just like soy sauce spill on meats.
Good chips and salsa, food average. Service good. Extremely busy on fri and sat notes.
Avoid unless you are at dire straits with your gas tank. This is in a bad neighborhood, I should know it is the one I grew up in, and why does it seem like they ripped off the Dinosaurs show with the dinosaur logo and the name 'Sinclair?'
We love Bombay on Green St! Really delicious Indian food, can't go wrong!
Not good, not BAD, this place is a fine choice if you're looking for totally mediocre but plentiful food. That being said, I would not recommend the place to friends.
Amazing everyone and everything was just Amazing! ! Lilly was the best server I have ever had very sweet!  Thanks so much!
Its a bakeshop, fattening sweets for the tummy!
When the weather is nice I can't think of a better place to eat.   Love the patio.  Service and food have been really good every time.  The bar is typical mex. nothing special as far as tap beer.  I'm not into margs.  Been back many, many times.
Good for a late night bite if you are in the mood for Asian.  I thought the service was fast and pretty upscale considering a diner like setup.  Food tasted good but no it will not be any kind of healthy so hit the gym in the morning after your late night bite here!
The owner lied about the cost. my car broke down at night and I couldn't wait for another tow company. very dishonet greedy man who tells you one price on the phone then changes it to a flat fee to mess you over.  If you need a tow and don't want to get messed over call tow for less.
Skylar was great he gets five stars! for my family who has worked in food industry love to see great customer service and Skylar has it in spades! there is no need to be fake just be yourself and be nice which Skylar has no problem with! will come back hoping that all employees have a similar work ethic!!!
Opening Day 2014!  You can feel the excitement in the air!  Love coming out to support my D-Backs!  I wish we had gotten opening day t-shirts like years past but oh well!  Let's do this D-Backs!
Can't believe the great reviews for this place.. The service was good but my chicken cheesesteak sub was pure salt and not edible. Gross.
Great food and Great Service. (Dum) Biryani is really good.
All I can say is DELICIOUS! From their Pho, to the fried rice, to their rice plates.  Everything is just delicious.  If you don't believe me, see for yourself.
Very unique, the oven is a marvel, must do some research where this comest from. Good ingredients nice service. Eat with caution, it's going to be HOT! Though fun I prefer my pizza square.
Helio and his team are amazing! Great work. Pavers are their specialty, but they do regular landscaping work, too. They just don't do maintenance. The only downfall is he rarely answers his phone because he is busy working with his crew, but you can text him and he responds within the day.
Idk, it's not that great quality pastries..... And the prices make me less excited. They get a gold star for the atmosphere though.
One word of advice, avoid the chow mein. The beef not only tasted disgusting (very low quality), the noodles were overcooked and the entire dish had maybe 5 vegetables total. It was so unpalatable I ended up sending it back. The sushi here however, is pretty decent.
My wife and I were disappointed in the quality of the sushi. The resturant  is cozy and attractive.  Service was fine but we would not go back.
how disappointing!  the Qdobas in NYC are pretty good - they have to compete with Chipotle after all, who i think puts crack in their food because it's so addictive.  here though, after multiple tries, i just got mediocre bland food in many forms.  too bad because i know it can be good.
I'm from NYC and Taga is the man spent like 3hrs vaping in his wonderful store cool selection of products explained everything to me cool vibes atmosphere would give him 10stars best customer service ever
Can I just say I love Brandon and so do our two silky terriers! He came as referral and I'm so thrilled to have found him. He's so flexible, kind and does a great job every single time. I love that he is a cage free groomer :)
Pricey fuel but I appreciate this location that is near the freeway on Glendale/Lincoln.  I used to live nearby and this place is always clean and pretty nice.  It is very small but serves its purpose.
Had their lunch menu.  Both the wife and I had the burritos.  She had chicken, I had pork.  Pork was seasoned great.  The wife found the chicken not seasoned at all.  Too bland.  Rice and beans are very good!  Nice selection of flavorful Margaritas!
Worst service. Confused attendants. Kitchen nightmares type of place. Are other reviewers members of family or paid for.
This pizza is fantastic. Thin, crispy and the best I've had since I moved from Chicago to Henderson. But, they really need to clean up their act. If they would just clean up the place and make it look a bit better they could make a fortune.
Ate there today...it was awful...couldn't believe it,never again.
PC Cops are the best!  Mario from PC Cops will be there for you for all of your business IT needs, he is the man! I highly recommend PC Cops to all business owners for their IT needs.  Don't wait until it's too late, call PC Cops today!
My wife and I went for an early dinner last Saturday and I have to say I am impressed.  The food was great and the services was attentive.  It's so nice to have a comfortable sushi place so close.  It is a good atmosphere and great service.  I definitely recommend going there.
This place has really gone downhill. Ate there last friday. Waitress had no clue about menu. Could not ring drinks in properly. Food was okay but service was below mediocre
i was very satisfied with the service i received,ive been having really bad back pains and i suffer from a slipping disk and when i left i felt amazing and i still do days later. she was also  very professional. i have recommended all my famiy and friends. thank you taylor
Fly another airline.  Best advise I can give!
This is my neighborhood store,  so I stop here for convenience.  Staff is most times friendly. This is a smaller and older location.  Store is cleaner than some other Circle K's, but not as maintained as QT stores. Don't look up lights are filthy!!
I really like shopping at this Costco.  It is bright and clean.  They even know my name.  After all I'm there at least once or twice a week.  They have this Black Bean Chipotle Burgers that you can only buy at Costco that are extremely good.   Also their frozen strawberries are the best price in town.
Love this place .. New menu is so good .  Beer battered kiltlifter in house best idea ever .
Best BBQ I've ever had meat falls off bones side dishes are great sweet potatoes. Baked beans with sausage chili cheese frys Mac and cheese better than I've had in any restaurant customer service was great very friendly and attentive will be back
I am reviewing their chicken wings and fries combo. 5 stars. The best god damn wings I have ever had, and to top it off, you also get a side of those greasy goodness fries. $10 for that combo, well worth it.
Totally revamped ... and WAY nice.\n\nHaving been a member at LifeTime fitness prior to joining here, I'm a little spoiled which is why I only gave it a 3 star review.
The sea bass was fantastic, hamachi really good and rolls very good. 5 stars for the quality, selection and speed. A little pricey especially for the portions, but it's sushi in the desert. Was just happy it was so delish.
Great dive bar! Great people! Tempes best dive bar!
This place has shockingly expensive drinks for an establishment that looks divey. That's why no one ever goes here. I'm not sure how they stay in business, but God bless them.
This place is one of my favorite restarunt which is located is one of the best luxuries hotel in the world in LAs Vegas I love it the have best lobster Benedict .
Its an Airport, you've seen one you've seen them all. Bunch of people in a hurry looking annoyed. I will not be giving it 5 stars but at least they have video poker.
Awesome, just awesome.  If ever you're able to visit Madison, make sure to check out the huge and pinchably cute Farmer's Market.  It's just a great way to spend a morning, walking around the Capital and checking out the super fresh fare.
Food sucks. My brother in law ate here twice and had food poisoning. Service sucks. Don't waste your money here.
Very slow service!  No sign in sheet  (meaning nobody knows who's next) long wait times! Will not recommended or shop here anymore!
Waste of time. \nToo much melodrama but poor story & too long. I was literally waiting for it to get over.
The food is really good the music is rad.... But there were two employees that really killed the vibe did not enjoy my experience they were very grumpy didn't seem to care that we were even there. Barley acknowledged us when we came in or while we were eating  pretty lame!
Karoke night was fun to watch. Two bartenders, one guy and one girl. The girl was terrible. You had to flag her down to get a drink everytime. It became the talk of the bar. Good place to stop for one drink but not good enough to hang for the night.
If you are between having a burger or Asian food, this place can address both of your cravings.  Very unique food.  This place is usually busy on a Saturday night; that's a good sign!
My kids love the meatballs and the service is AMAZING  Worth the wait!
Very good food - Also try Brownstone Pinot Grigio - Great friendly service
I'm so sorry that i give you only 2 stars,i love the restaurant though great service but the food i don't like it ,i dont think im going to be a big FAN of China Poblano and i dont think i will go back there again,sorry
Worst service ever. No \"hello\" and no \"thank you\". Refused to give me a cup of ice or ice water even though I would pay extra. Wow!
Our staple happy hour place for Italian!  The $2.95 appetizer menu is so great!  Try the Brio burger, the ravioli caprese, and the sausage and pepperoni flatbreads pizza!!\n\nGreat outdoor vibe to just chill when it's decent weather :)
My co-workers order from here ocassionally and sem to like it.  I just don't  get  all the positive reviews for this place.  In my opinion this is the WORST pizza in Madison.
Amazing! Great food, great service. We had the stone crab which was amazing! I had a filet mignon which was cooked perfectly. The only complaint I have is that it doesn't feel like a nice fine dining atmosphere. Two thumbs up. Get the stone crab!
The bartenders anywhere at The Bellagio are top notch, however, the bartenders here take things to the next level.  We had drinks here a few times, and each time, I felt as though I were transported back to a time where customer service and quality mattered much more than trendy drinks and name dropping.  Great place!
The worst food I have ever had from panda. Had to replace my orange chicken with the teriyaki chicken and then gagged on that.. Would never eat here again.
Worst credit union ever. Started charging $8.00 per day for no money in account then made up creative ways of making sure you have a zero balance! Didn't bother to inform customers of $8.00 charge but swear up and down they did so via email. Typical Vegas BS.
Another east-side dive bar... not great, but not bad either.
Had a great time visiting this resort.  The food and beverage was good and the service was also good.  Like the casino atmosphere.
Spectacular entertaining performance from opening to closing. One hundred minutes of enjoyment. Great music from live band rocks. I will return multiple times. Gordie Brown is not to be missed at any price.
Great food, great service and happy hour looks great, but management is obviously oblivious if they shut off the misters outside during September with customers still eating 40 minutes before close. They also shut the vinyl enclosures right next to our able and it dripped on us (also didn't smell good and made it hotter since it blocked the breeze).
Worst meal I ever recall eating; even my grandparents and aunt and uncle couldn't believe it. We went to DQ for an ice cream after and all made the comment we should have just had dinner there as well. Very nice servers though!
This place was decent BBQ. There wasn't anything that really stood out about this place. The pulled pork sandwich was kind of bland, along with the Mac and cheese. The potato salad I really liked.
The place is filthy! Don't waste your money here. You will regret it!
Crave has a nice atmosphere. \n\nThe drinks are good. Nothing spectacular. \n\nThe cupcakes were dry. I have tasted better. \n\nI will go back to try the hookahs though!\n\nStaff is friendly!
very less selection, with this price total disappointed
Why do pay an extra 15$ to be seated in a timely fashion?  The food was good but not worth the hype as usual in Vegas. I don't care about desserts I want  seafood the crab was good not great.
The food was awesome,  the service was quick, and this place is a hidden gem.  I had the jalape\u00f1o chicken it is really spicy but it's a good spice.  I can't wait to get back and try something else.
This place is always such helpful to me The employees greet you when you first walk in the door they are helpful to and it's always nice in the store this is by far my favorite Walgreens in Las Vegas I recommend everyone to come and check this one out
Small, quick and easy...\nStaff wasn't really friendly...\nTake outside to mail?\n\n\nNote: they wouldn't take my letter after selling me a stamp. Said I had to drop it in the post outside... Interesting...
Great barbacue and great service.  Under new ownership and everything is 100% Better. Love the lunch specials and great barbacue happening here.
This place is not really great at all.  They use chemicals.  Seems like false advertising to me.  I found the lady at the counter exceptionally rude.  Items were not ready when promised.  Poor customer service.  I will not go back.
Please do not eat here the food is decent but the service and drinks are Terrible. Don't order the vandalism margarita because they jip you on the alcohol...
Despite their description, they do not install RO systems that were purchased from someone else.  Guy who answered the phone immediately said RO system I purchased was no good and I should buy one from them.
Great Mexican food.
We used to go here a lot and service was always slow, but the other night service was horrible as we waited 5 minutes to be seated and another 10 minutes before leaving as we had not even received water or any interaction with our server... Very disappointed as their food was always good, but going to try something else next time.
Very slow service, attitude issues with line cooks and floor staff, we were there for dinner and lunch bith times staff was reaaaly bad and slow, not enough bus/cleaning staff on the floor.
Per Shawns review above. I was with him when this happened. Really as a company how are you going to get the order wrong...and then not replace it after he paid for it...location should not matter.
This is my favorite place to get boba. I usually order a taro milk tea or an avocado smoothing. I love how their reward system works by reserving 10% of your bill each time you come in. I just think they need to keep their dining area a little cleaner.
Amazing bbq best I have had in Arizona! Nice assortment of sauces too. I highly recommend this place. Just jeep in mind it's not a sit down restaurant. It's take out  but there is seating outside.
I had a ver good experience the server was great I had a rib eye and was happy it came out the right temp not everyone gets that right the desserts are very good but huge make sure you are hungry the ere cart is for big appetites beef ribs pork ribs and chicken very good
It's great because it's better than a PTs (it has more character) and they'll feed you endless drinks while you are feeding the video poker machines.  Food is good bar good and the people are nice enough (everyone leaves you alone).  Stop in for a drink and a Royal.
this place sucks its waaaaaay overcrowded the patrons are rude probably because they're disgruntled from being squished into this kinda small club like sardines. I spent the whole night flinching away from peoples cigarettes that place has rogue drunk person cigarette burn written all over it
Amazing views through the walls of floor to ceiling windows.  Big comfortable couches, and lots of seating.  Drinks can get expensive, especially if you're just knocking back shots of whiskey.  But the views, ambiance, and service are totally worth it.
Great staff, even, long lasting tan.
The new restaurants in Terminal 4 and updates of the US Airways Clubs have this place looking a lot nicer! Much better than the Philadelphia hub. The sky train is an easy way to park and get to the airport. It truly is America's Friendliest Airport!
Favorite store hands down! Had to return something,no problem. They even helped select replacement. Better selection of shoes in Las Vegas store than in New York store. Too bad the store is so hidden away.
Professional service at the right price. Very happy with Pool Masters.
This is the best froyo place in Phoenix. The vibe in the store is great - i want to hang out there all day - and the frozen yogurt flavors I've tried are better than any I've tried anywhere else. We make it a point to stop in here once a week.
Good luck getting out\nWith your soul and belongings.\nBring your own flashlight.\n\n\n(b)
These guys have some yummy donuts and the prices are great.  Their donuts seems to be more authentic... they feel more hand made than machine made.   I'll be back.
Great service. Low prices. We were taken care of very well the entire time. Also good food. What more can you ask for at a restaurant?
We stopped here for a quick drink. Nice atmosphere, great bar area.
They totally replaced the restaurant. No more beer towers, no more delicious pizzas. BOO.
Store closing but not quite sure of the date. There are some deals to be had but there were also a bunch of holes in the store when I was there a couple weeks ago. It's worth checking out if you are a bargain hunter. You never know what you might find.
This is a great place.  Everyone loves what they do there and super friendly plus super clean.  Thanks for the great service.
Nice selection in bulk. \nFresh fruit and veggies looked better than any grocery store. \nCheap prices and clearance items. \nFriendly staff.\nVery clean store.\nAMAZING lay out.
Great find! Had the beef arepa, was pretty good, I also had the chicken salad one, wasn't great.. but what I really loved was there grilled chicken with rice and beans.. delicious!! I have to try the empanada next time, they looked great!
I just fell in love with this place. I had never been before and the hubby suggested we try. It was awesome. Morgan the waitress was great!\n\nThanks for a wonderful meal.
alo ich muss schon sagen die Torten sprechen f\u00fcr sich echt lecker !!aber das personal k\u00f6nnte an sein Kundenfreundlichkeit arbeiten
I love this place! Cheap, super accommodating and friendly staff-plus they do a great job. They only take cash and English is rarely spoken but where else can you get a detail for under $50?
Place is ok .
Outstanding ! Staff friendly but tre correct and professional Food classical & perfect. Perfect evening
Please open your eyes to you recent reviews. Your food use to be good. Now it's not that great. What happened???  Come on guys get your S@:;T together.
Wow! The chocolate cupcake was so rich and decadent I couldn't finish it. The shop is very cute and looks great. Next time I will try another (hopefully less intense) flavor.
Fantastic food, eat there frequently, very good service, my wife and I enjoy Soyo evdrytime we go
I usually get a thin crust pizza from this place once a week or so. Last night was no different. Until a few hours after my boyfriend and I finished the pizza. We started vomiting and have continued to do so for over 12 hours. :( I will never get another pizza here again.
We have attended this location 3 different times. Unfortunately every time the people working the counter are extremely slow and the food is either too salty or under cooked (rice). This location needs to get its act together to keep up with the businesses around the area.
Bad service and bad food.  I ordered the chicken fajita's and the chicken was all dark meat and overspiced.  I've had better Garcia's experiences but I'm souring on the chain.
Ive been to many all you can eat sushi places, but this has to be the best one. All the food was great quality and really delicious. I loved the soft shelled crab and the oysters. $22 is not bad for the quality and quantity you get. Great place overall!
Love the decor and the atmosphere is fun. Definitely not a date spot, better for a group. The food is just ok, barely. Do not come here expecting memorable food. Drinks / wine are pricey as well. Unfortunately it is probably your best bet for dining in the Music Factory area.
Great coffee and customer service. We had oatmeal, pumpkin muffin and a grilled cheese sandwich. All were good.
My dog eats better food than this crap. Glad I spent a ton on this awful lunch. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
Went for the breakfast buffet.  Lots of variety and good food.  The turkey bacon was way over cooked, not good at all.  I was disappointed bc i dont eat pork but love turkey bacon.  Got a seat with a nice view of the pool. Service was great.
Food here was surprisingly better then the Hash House on Sahara. I figured it would be the other way around but the food was actually alot better here.  Service on the other hand was not as good as the one on Sahara so i guess thats the trade off... lol
The people here are rude to their customers, they give you an attitude, they always move you around, instead of sitting in one place.  When paying with a card they throw it back at you! \n\nThe only good thing about this place is that it is cheap! \n\nI would go somewhere else !
Didn't go here for the food, but actually cause it was the closest bar to where I was house sitting.  Place isn't bad for happy hour and it is definitely a diverse crowd.  Service was ok and my bartender always knew when I needed another cold one.
Great Cupcakes! I favor the red velvet and the peanut butter flavors most, but I haven't had one I didn't like. They don't stay open late, so plan ahead when you want to go.
The service, chips and salsa were fine then it all went South.  I had the La Bandera (3 enchiladas) and all of them were tasteless and the meat was tough.  I went because I had a gift card.  As much as I love free meals I would gladly have paid double for good food.
Cool breakfast spot in Southern Highlands! Everyone is nice and the PJ's are a great touch. Good food, tastes fresh, great for families and children. Request Amanda, she is friendly and polite! Great service! Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
Pricey, but you get the service you pay for. The bartender was so patient and considerate even though it was a Saturday night and packed! Great place to sit and have a cocktail, unwind and feel appreciated.
Let me just start by saing the food is good, not great but good. But why I love this place is cause of the TV's and the atmosphere! I mean I can go and watch anything from football to bikini contests from soccer to water polo all at once!! They have so many tv's.
Food was excellent,cocktail we're good our cocktail waiter Michelle F not too good a little too much attitude,she have me attitude when I wanted my tap transfer to the table.\nBe back for the food and the restaurant but I will stay at the bar before dinner next time
Great food huge portions fun for the kids and a fun atmosphere. Belly dancer was awesome.
Great price for a great massage.  Don't let the price of the massage fool you - these are professionals who provide a great service.  They are partnered with a nail salon, but their actual rooms are in the back of the business away from any fumes and noise.  Cute tiki hut decor adds to the experience.  I would highly recommend!
If your ever craving a great high quality pizza this is the place to go. I love everything I've tried here so far! Highly recommended.
Food was great! Large portions and excellently cooked! Classic country food... must try their apple butter and sweet potatoe pancakes!
If they have what you need, be prepared to wait a while to find out. They could really benefit from a self check out for people who don't need counter help.\n\nGo down the street a few miles to Windmill and Eastern, it's a much better store.
Perkins is akin to Denny's or IHOP in my eyes and has food that is consistently lousy. That said, it's quite cheap and there are free refills on coffee and soda. I would say the pie is decent, at best.
Food and service were good but to charge $15 for a straight up martini is ridiculous!  Are we in New York?  Won't be going back anytime soon.
The place is visually stunning. It has such a warm glow inside.\n\nA couple things...There is a weird aroma that is in this place. Like something attempting to cover up smoke...not sure.\n\nShould check it out at least.
The food was good, (I had the gyro). But the reason why it is A-OK was because the waitress abandoned us midway and she just talked to her friends for the last half of our meal.
I am strictly a tea drinker...and the choices here are lacking..but the atmosphere more than makes up for the poor tea selection.
Went for dinner at 8:30 on a Saturday night.  $60 for two before tip.  Everything was really picked over and some item were not replaced the entire time we were there.  Service was also really poor.  It has been several years since we had been there.  I think this is really a brunch kind of place and not dinner.
Why aren't all donut places like this one?  Great taste and soft like they were recently made.
it was cute. enjoyed the show. Holly is beautiful. :)
Happy hour is great but the food could be a little bit better.
Great produce, meats, deli, bakery and great beers on tap.
Great food, great service, more authentic than most in town, kid friendly.
Everything was too salty. But it does feel nice to be sitting in this indoor-that-feels-like-an-outdoor type of environment. And they did rush our order since we told them we had a plane to catch. Service was not bad.
I know this is a very popular place but I've just never cared for it.  The crowd is always interesting but other then the fried pickles I've never ate anything there that I thought was that great.
Horrible service.  Terrible.  I will never bring my family here again.  They messed up not only our bday party but the food was cold and my brother got sick afterward.  I'm sure it was just a mistake but the overall opinion here is bad.
Its what you expect of a Military bank. Friendly employees and no lines. They helped me get cash and i was on my way rather quickly.
I've been going to Deyna for 5 years now. She's a great person, not once has she ever made me feel uncomfortable. Her prices are reasonable. Most of the time I call her last minute and she always does her best to fit me in.
this place had terrible service the morning that i went and it's not worth it for the price we paid.  it was just ok....i wouldn't go back
An ok burger, but not quality.  Bun was nice as were the fries and shake, but burger was not 100% beef.  It was kind of soggy and looked unappealing.  Taste was ok...nothing to write home about.
Stop skimping on the damn meat!!!
Talk about a hidden gem.  This place makes Guatemalan pastries with an Italian twist.  Simply delicious!  Don't forget to grab yourself one of their amazing coffees.  Say hello to the lovely owners while you're there.
Horrible services and they are all bitches never again ruin the order and we still have tp pay full price
The decor and restaurant are very nice. Wait staff was attentive and friendly. I gave it 4 stars just because while the food was good, I wasn't wowed with it for the price. Do try the place though.
Great burgers and good prices.  Their shakes are legit.  You can combine flavors (oreo-coffee is my favorite).  Also they have fresh squeezed lemonade which is quite refreshing with your burger and fries.
Prime rib was a bit dry and crab legs were not fresh. Maybe I went during an off hour. At least they had some good tomato bisque.
Love the accommodating menu and atmosphere.. I can't wait to go back, I'm already craving their chicken basil.. umm umm good!!
I always go here. The food selection and quality is pretty good for the price.  Love the sushi, love the red bean, mango, and green tea ice creams. Would be higher but the last few times I was there they didn't refill the food and there wasn't a sushi chef.
Stopped in for dinner and didn't expect to be amazed but the ribs were amazing and the BBQ sauce was on point! I will be returning to satisfy my next BBQ fix.
Omg so delicious.we tried the pork and potato cheese jalapeno perogis.bought them frozen and prepared at home.def will go back! YUM
Yay!  My first junk mail under the name MANLY CAMO has arrived!
Extremely long waits without a reservation.. Had a vegeterian burger (don't quite remb the name) but it was definitely not worth the wait and the price!
This place is absolutely disgusting.  Packed with people who look like they've been on a crack binge for the past month.  Screaming babies are everywhere.  Absolute hell.  Avoid especially if you've had a drink in the past week, it will definitely give you a hangover.
I travel very often and have had sushi (my favorite food) in most major cities on the west coast.  Their fish is very fresh and they're not afraid to do custom rolls / orders.  Don't let the $20 all you can eat menu option scared you, this is certainly a quality joint.
Hands down the nicest doctor ever.  Listens to you and is super informative without losing you in medical translation.
The lamb kabob is great this place is always a good pick for the lunch crowd highly recommended
The combos were over priced as in are we in a foreign country which devalues the American Dollar? Oh no, we are in Vegas, and an airport nonetheless. The fries were fresh but tasteless cafeteria style and the dining areas were filthy.Burger was pretty standard.
Food was not awful, but atmosphere and basics lacking. Always leery of a place that has fountain iced tea.
It's gone down hill as far as I can tell.. The burritos we ordered were cold and what little cheese they  did put on wasn't even close to being melted.. I'll move on, there's better choices out there
We live right around the corner, and frequently come here. Their food is good, service is better. Any time of the day or day of the week, great service. Good menu choices for the kids, and fast service.
Got burglarized 3 times within a year.  Do you know what the feeling is that every time you go on vacation,  you know most likely you will go back home where it has been trashed and broken in? End of the story.  \n\nSomething is really wrong with this place.
Best phone in town! Always piping hot  made with love and a great menu. Check it out. You will not be disappointed
Your black bean burger is incredible!  It's gotta kick but I love it!
In my opinion the pizza here is better than Aiello's, but the staff is impersonal. Take the awesome people at Aiello's & combine with this pizza & it's a home run.
So they charge a hotel charge of $6 on top of what it take to ship my package off. No thanks. But the counter person was nice in telling you that.
Two words: mushy rice
Delicious. And Dr Pepper.
Very good pizza. Had better, but still very good and worth while.
Want good steak? This is the place!  Pricey but it's worth it!\n\nI had some filet mignon thing with alsakan crab legs or something like that (it's been while!) but the meat was so tastey and the crab meat melted in my mouth. It was amazing!
Sales is a joke.\n\nIf there is one thing I hate most, it is liars. \n\nLost a sale but oh well...\n\nEnded up purchasing from BMW of Las Vegas.  Thank you BMW of Las Vegas for not BULLSHITTING.
I really like this place for happy hour drinks and appetizers, they have a nice outside bar area and friendly staff.
The food here was good. Gotta try the Mexican car bombs. I love the atmosphere. The service was ok. The bartender could have been a little more attentive. Overall it was a good experience.
Eversince my husband found this place, we couldnt get enough of it. You would come for all kinds of beer and stay even longer for music, food ( chicken wings are awesome) and games. It is family friendly place and is great option for starting a great weekend in Charlotte.
The confections were very tasty, we had a dark chocolate turtle, a piece of toffee bark, and a birthday cake pop. The young girl helping us wasnt friendly though so the cuteness and welcoming feel to the store was cheapened a bit by her dulness. Great candy though!
Saw Russell Peters on May 30. The venue was nice: I sat in the back of the ground floor and still had a pretty decent view of the stage. There really isn't a bad place to sit.
Service was really slow, and the food was barely warm and tasted like well nothing. This type of restaurant can't survive any place but a airport.  Charlotte needs to raise the bar and get some good local restaurants In there terminals. Lay overs here are not good
Not a bad place wish they had more of a normal menu.
I came in only to get duplicates made of my house key. The worker made 4 copies with the quickness.\n\nNo complaints from me
They don't take orders over the phone after 10pm and they have an idiotic new employee who doesn't realize this until wasting 10 minutes on the phone with you while whistling into your ear!  I haven't tried the food, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
Checked in for 2days woke up saw roaches in bathroom,my lady flipped,they credited me one day,seemed front dest was Shocked, the clerk said \"we spray every week\" and we now no why,,not worth getting cheaper hotel,learned my lesson.
An oasis in the desert. Amongst miles of big box and chain-store hell, sits this excellent resource for organic vegetables, healthy food and responsible products. Prices are fair and it is very easy to navigate through the store (unlike most of the upper-end grocery stores).
Didn't know how to use the yelp coupon offer. Chips were old and cold. \"A\" team is not working tonight. Ill give it another try some other time.
Extra large portions! You've been warned (: Funky decorations and plating. Brings back memories from the great SD location!
The food was good the service not really, why use a system with plates when the employes don't care at all, I switch to red plate and after over 10 minutes some show off to take care, draft beer in plastic glass no bueno
Haven't event gotten my food yet the service fucking sucks I don't even know why I didn't leave and go upstairs to McDonald's they have better service than this shit hole!
New to Vegas and the food was okay. The wait was very long, some of the food was bland. The onion rings had no flavoring. The staff was very nice and the atmosphere was very welcoming and family oriented as well!
Was amazing they did help me big time \nAnd they gave me warranty for 125000 miles they are very cool
I was taken away with how cute and comfortable the restaurant was. The atmosphere was outstanding! Our server didn't have the best knowledge but was super nice and attentive.
Gas Station with a legit restaurant.  Being from Texas, I'm pretty critical of BBQ.  This place passes the test.  The breakfast taco's are my favorite.  Really impressed with the habanero sauce.  .
I love Naked Fish!!! It's my absolute favorite Sushi in Vegas! Always go at least once every time I visit! This place is a must go! \nHaha also apparently a lot of famous poker players have gone there so maybe you'll get lucky!?
This place gets from me breakfast, lunch and dinner it goes down right hear. Strongly recommend
Man I've been here about a dozen times since my review and they always amaze me when I order a different dish.  They're so delicious!  Not sure what they do here when food is prepared, my leftovers always taste better than leftovers from other places.  If you're on the westside, give them a chance!
This is a review for the choice center shop, not the course itself. They charge almost $20 for customized dog tags that you can get for $5 in any mall and don't believe in customer service. The course itself gets 4 stars.
I love (or loved) this restaurant, however, on 02/26/13 this restaurant was closed by the health department with 50 demerits.\n\nAs of this writing (03/01/13) the restaurant is still closed.\nUPDATE: Reopened on March 12, 2013
It may not be the \"best\" sushi in town, but it's so much fun. Potato Mountain Rules! Great value.
This place is full of treasures !!!!!
I have been coming here for years. The treat me well and they always do a great job. Almost all the techs are great. \n\nThey do gel, acrylic. Their deluxe pedi rocks! I love this place!!!
As you walk in it smells like chocolate! Delectable treats at every turn. I had the steak sandwich with waffle fries...yum! Aioli was a great and accompanied the fries well.
The food was mediocre. Not much customer service. But after eating lunch there on 5/18, my whole family got food poisoning. I wouldn't recommend eating here. Go somewhere else. The Bellagio had amazing food!
Great beer selection. Food used to be better. Great wait staff and service.
Have a starbucks while you wait, iced matcha green tea latte, 1 pump chai, with organic soymilk. Always a smooth entry, lines move fast, view is great.
I love Rudy's. I work nearby and take my referral partners here often for lunch and have never heard anything but raving reviews. The moist brisket is the best!
its a little better than chipotle, same price range, the only thing i enjoyed were the fish tacos, which are not offered at chipotle. the fish tacos were good and freshly made, thats enough for me to choose Zaba's over Chipotle.
Enjoy going here and have always had friendly service though it can be a little slow. Understandable occasionally, not consistently though.
I just felt when I was ordering that they were yelling at me on every ingredient. do not like to be yelled at order my food. this was not a busy time it was about 2 o'clock on a Thursday afternoon. \n\nJanet was my host and I was order number 339
Good coffee. Great selection of Italian soda flavors. Earn free drinks by using your punch card. What i love best though is the employees. The are so friendly and happy. Stopping here always puts me in a good mood.
Good service, nice to go in a group for presentation. Grill items are not bad but sushi is not as fresh or good as it can be. I would come back again just not for sushi.
It's okay Mexican food at a cheap $.  The place is targeted at carry customers for the surrounding workforce.  At lunch time they have a good number of specials are $6.00.  You will still leave filled up though.  It good edible place, but not a real destination eatery.
First time at this location...1pm on a Tuesday. The food was good we got huevos rancheros and corned beef hash..but the service was ridiculously s l o w. It took 20 minutes after finishing the meal before the check was dropped :( good food though.
Nice decor and services. The salad bar is variety and great! There are many options from salads to breads.   \n\nCulture & Cuisine Zhenbei Group 8
Honestly, I don't know why there's two different pages for the same restaurant, but regardless this restaurant is CLOSED!\n\nI would've given the restaurant three stars for inconsistent service, but hurry up and mark this closed so you don't give false hope of close seafood.
Service was excellent. Our tea and water was refilled all the time,never had to waive at the servers to get their attention. And the only Chinese restaurant Ived ever been too that servers smiled and was very nice lol.
I have had several pasties and they were all good. They have a good beer list with huge mugs available. I like the classic rock that they play, and the dive-bar atmosphere.
They moved to Abercrombie place. My full review for this is on that Page but my check in got diverted to this. \n\nThis is an excellent restaurant. Well worth the price and great quality food. Service at Karen's Unicorn is second to none.
This place is cute and has an excellent view. I got the feta and olive salad which was delicious. My dad loved his big breakfast too.
I like BJS but this location sucks takes for every to get any thing. Servers got their nose in the air. Food gets messed up.. I've been to this location three times same story..\n\nGood luck to all that go to this location you'll be there for awhile..
Their vegetables were not fresh and very old. The green vegetables looks yellow. But I think its ok if they have a good service. but when u have a check, they will automatically charge your 20% tips, so ridiculous. If u go there, double check the invoice.
Great Thai food! The Panang Curry was great. Things run on the spicy side so keep that in mind! Great place!
Different name same garbage...this place stinks and should be banished from serving food.  You will know that it has totally given up once they change the name for  third time to one of those (ril)(fil) Abetos places...stay away for your own good
Their food is made of magic.
Update: just got home to find a refund check for my last months membership and tanning fee. This, I was not expecting. Thanks Jane, if you are reading this. You personally get the star on this one.
I have been going to Lauren ever since she needed someone to practice on in Beauty school and I have never gone to anyone else since! She always does a great job and I am never unhappy when I leave. Love her!
I had the Italian jombot here it was so good, and the service was awesome!!! I will definitely be back.
Super nice view, pretty decent music but it smells like seafood from the restaurant and the close off almost all booths for bottle service leaving no where to sit.
We are big fans of Pho, so we were happy to see another choice added to the city.  When comparing other Pho spots in town, the service was the best we've had among them and the prices were slightly cheaper.
We sat by the window and had a nighttime view of the Capitol! Pub food is easy to come by in Madison, so we didn't feel like we were getting anything special here. We had no complaints though.
Service was as good as could be expected.  Atmosphere was very nice with elegant lighting and smooth jazz playing or Spanish guitar, thus the Fusion.  Food portions were generous and presented nicely.  Will definitly frequent this place.  Thank you!  Steven
Your average magic show. I was not impressed.
Very disappointed right now.  Popped in on my lunch break and their cafe is CLOSED!   Do they need to hire more people or what? The girl with glasses and walkie talkie did not offer any explanation.
Absolutely the worst mani/pedi place in town.  The owner was extremely rude.  They continuously spoke in Vietnamese, and they were obviously speaking poorly of their customers.  VERY unsanitary!  I will NOT EVER go back.  Poor service and very disappointed with my mani/pedi.
good enough to lift you from your lost moniez
The  menu is limited. The tacos are soggy and tasteless, the side of guacamole is extremely small and cost 4 dollars.\nnot returning go to Richardson's.
Excellent food.  That is all.
Unique cocktails, liked what i got, Tuna tartare was AWESOME! ceviche was good, fish tacos was okay.\n limited desserts. \nWIll definitely come back to taste the rest!
Awesome local Italian restaurant!  Great food and even better staff did exactly what all the other reviews said and were friendly and easy to talk with.\n\nA little pricey but what Italian restaurant is not.\n\nThanks YELP!\n\nTC
Ooh la la!!!\n\nEnough said!
The waitstaff is nice and hard working, but they are way understaffed for this area. Food was good, but not great. Maybe we'll try again in a few months.
Non optional resort fee.   Wow.   For an independent Resort you think they would find a way to attract customers.    This place is a piece of you know what and that is being kind.\n\nDo not go...stay off strip and be treated like you should be.   Rent a car.   To hell with all these strip properties.
Great day spa with great massages.  Highly recommended.  Try the double massage, fantastic.
We went there. No hostess. Sat down for 5 minutes and no one came to provide a menu or offer a drink. We won't be back. Btw-it was a big college football day.
Amazing Thai! I still think about this place and whenever I am back in Phoenix, I try to go here!
Worst burger experience ever. Took forever to get our order (30 mins) and when it did arrive it was wrong. They corrected it ten minutes later and when is got to us the fries were greasy and the burgers were too salty
This food was pretty terrible and overpriced.  I would not go back.
Food was not good.  App and Entree
OMG.  3 customers, 9 techs and still waiting over 1/2 an hour since my appt time.  All the \"free\" techs are doing each others nails.  Last time I come here.
Great selections. Fantastic produce.
Great seating. High minimums. Below average food. Still worth it to be able to catch a game while laying on a couch in the theater style seating room. Heather is awesome, sit in her section.
I dare you to find a better burger, chili or steak for the price. I love this place. It has a Grain Belt bar light. Need I say more?
Cheap liquor right around the corner of my street! Pick up cigarettes at Dotty's, and check on the whip at Purrfect Auto, then brown sack your stash from here.
Great for a lunch, cheap for sushi, fresh, quick, easy. I have been here more than once. Recommend to try it out
Great place! Service is awesome. Try the tacos- perfect! Table side guacamole is the best. Plate sizes are great for sharing. Nice place for date night or meeting with a group of friends. We are here on vacation. Can not wait to return!
Saw show last night and left early as it was horrible. She lip singing the entire time and her dancing was horrible. Boo!
ooooooooooooooooo what a dump :) but when you are going to watch Xtreme Midget Wrestling what else was I expecting.
Love that they have gotten this back up and going for the community. It is much needed for Las Vegas to have this. Getting to experience All the art music and tasty food always makes for a good Friday evening!
Weird. I left the Mecca and decided to come to the Feed Company... But there was a cockroach in their bathroom that came out of the drain in the stand up urial. At least it didn't have chewing tobacco that was a couple days old on it.
Excellent Pizza and appetizers.  It is a dive.
If heaven was on a wood cut board it would be the bruschetta they serve here! This place feels like a modern getaway with an awesome selection of wine and who can beat 5 dollars glasses of wine everyday from 11 to 5!
Stopped in Saturday for lunch. Sign on main door said to enter through the hooka because of renovations. I did and the place was empty. Waited for about 5 minutes and called out to see if anyone was there. No response. Went to the Delhi Palace buffet up the street. Maybe service will improve after the renovations are complete
Just an ok show. Not worth the time and money!\nA live band would have been better otherwise we could just stayed home and listened to our CDs. \nLots of dancers and I guess they tried to describe the songs, but they look so disorganized on stage!
Friendly service. Good pancakes. Good tasting water. Nothing else to say at this time. (Wait. Who puts cheese sauce on their omelettes? Yuk!)
Just about the most unfriendly government employees next to the MVD. I totally agree with Greg on the inconvenience issue. I had a return package to China and was told one thing and when I returned, a different lady told me something entirely different.
Horrible service!  Been there twice and both times the waiters were arrogant and rude.  Will not split checks for large groups...utterly LAZY!  Will NOT go back.
This is the only station that my work tollerates. They  play just about everything (minus rap, yodeling, bluegrass...etc). \nChad the Intern is a cool dude...\nUnlike the other radio stations, I've  won concert tickets!\n woohoo!
On trac is the worst delivery company I have ever had the displeasure of working with.  Ontrac does not mean on time.  Takes twice as long to get things up from california that any other company. No Not USE these clowns.
When it comes to your face, you need that special someone that understands your needs and knows how to help you be the best you can be. Darla Salem is that special person! A- Peeling Faces is where you need to be!\nBobbie Bennett
Had the Sushi, it was awesome!
Music so loud we had to leave.  And this was at 7:45 on a Saturday night. You are open til 2am!!! Maybe start the band AFTER the dinner crowd.   Would have loved to try the food but couldn't even heat the hostess.
The epitome of a pompous corporate steakhouse.  Go there to show your friends, or tell yourself you can waste dining dollars, and for no other reason!  I guess it's the natural byproduct of an expense account banking town.
great multi purpose park that's fun for the whole family. Activities include fishing, basketball, paddle boats, baseball, playgrounds, BBQ!, volleyball, Frisbee, biking, dog walking, summer movies, etc \n\nGood clean free fun for everyone :)
I love this place! It's a great hang out on the strip. They have excellent service and great drinks :)
i love how late this place opens, as most places are in Vegas. Lots of taiwanese food, but unfortunately, the food tastes so-so. the only reason i went back multiple times is because they serve stinky tofu, a dish very hard to find in the Southeast.
Authentic taiwanese/chinese dishes and I always get good service. I recommend the salty spicy squid (when they have it).
I only eat one thing from dim sum carts, the steamed pork buns. These were ok, similar to the ones found in the frozen foods section at the supermarket. The food from the regular menu was nothing special either. For the price, I expected better.
love smoking cigars outside at this awesome resort , great food too. defiantly 5 star here .
I did not stay, just visited and played blackjack.  I was expecting a circus, but there was none. Lots of midway games for the kids and some tiny free acts to watch.  No circus :(\nFound a $3 blackjack table and enjoyed ourselves for a long time.  Nice dealers and atmosphere.
It does the job. Best part is the free wifi. It always feels a little crowded, but then again, so does Vegas. \n\nThe architecture and interior design is not as impressive as other airports, but their tram system is pretty efficient.
the customer service was bad, the store smelled horrible, the price set too high. try your luck at library sales.
Not a very large place but the services were great. I had Linda M. who was by far the best massuer I have ever had. We used a groupon so the prices were very reasonable.
This company has superb,quality personnel. They hung my 47\" tv last week. They are courteous, professional and want the customer to be completely satisfied at a very reasonable price. I highly recommend them!\nLee
Really sucked today. Also a bathroom tells me a lot about a restaurant & I literally almost threw up when I went to the bathroom. This place is disgusting. Staff is not friendly. Go somewhere else!!
Hooters restaurant sucks. Poorly managed with the managers more interested in flirting with the servers.  Current bartender not very strong.
It was good for airport food.  I enjoyed it.  No stove here. So go with raw only.  Chefs were great and onsite preparing.
Did the Sunday Brunch as the line at Palms looked to be over an hour.  Good food/drink/service for price.  Will definitely come back, omelete station was done perfectly.
Amazing salsa, attentive staff. I ordered the chicken mole enchiladas. There mole is top notch! I will be back again!
Based on a recommendation from our hotel staff, I took a group of high schoolers here to experience a Pittsburgh tradition. Great bar food-my sandwich was excellent and the kids loved it.
Phat Franks have the best Mexican food and environment. .Outstanding staff and service
Greatl place to have a hookah But do not come if ur trying to enjoy sunday night football with a hookah. Who doesnt have  NBC...I thought that was a basic cable channel???
GO hungry, the food is amazing and there is TONS of it. Make sure to get some smoked salmon and shrimp from the \"salad bar\".
I really want to like this place. But every time I go, thinking it's going to be better, I get disappointed. The food is just not very good. Their brown sauce is heavy, like gravy. Plus the service is almost nonexistent.
they need to get rid of JUSTIN...just plain RUDE!!
7 bucks for a gyro combo...cant beat that! comes with large sandwich, feta fries, a drink and free soup! Friendly staff i walked in at 9 pm immediately greeted by a young guy who im guessing was running it. Very tasty very filling and the feta cheese is just next level so bomb!
Gloppy.
This is now my go-to restaurant for breakfast when staying within walking distance (and that includes the Tropicana, the MGM, and other hotels near them).  Two hot breakfasts to order, including one Lumberjack special, and the tab was $23.  Good service, no wait on a Saturday morning.
Had dinner here recently with my wife and 4 month old. The staff was very accommodating of our giant stroller and extremely friendly. We split the No. 7 and 8 for dinner and it was excellent -- great to get locally produced/inspired foods. The beer list is long and Wisconsin focused. All around a great experience!
This is an excellent buffet - pricey for sure, but there were lots of  different dishes and cuisines available, including an entire room of dessert choices, and everything seemed to be pretty high quality.
Saturday swings. The bartender is adorable. Makes a great drink. Great service. And the girl isnt bad either
I love this place. I don't know how \"healthy\" the salad is but man oh man is it ever good!!! Just thinking about their salads makes my mouth water. A must try!!!
Quick fast service with of course excellent coffee and associated products, lattes, food. Sometimes crowded (very) but that's because of close proximity to Smith's and 2 major hospitals and medical center. Help always friendly and FAST SERVICE! I love it!
The best fresh pasta I've ever had. I might move closer just so I can have it more often.
Burn em and turn em ...im such a river rat!\nThis casino is cool I love to play poker here. All the shops & stuff to do keep me having fun for hours. I give it 5 stars tons of fun is to be had here.
Diggin' this place. Friendly staff, including the owner, Doug, who is always happy to see you. Nice & clean, and one of the best cheesesteaks in the east valley.\n\nGreat place.
If you want your nails done right, this is the Place!! Vivian the owner and her staff are friendly and very professional. I have been going here about 14 years and love it!! Highly recommend..
If there were negative stars, they would get one. They told us a 10 minute wait. An hour later we left. Unbelievable. I will never be back to any saddle ranch.
I just called and they do not take insurance even though it says they do on Yelp.
We are frequent diners and have never been disappointed.  I really appreciate how friendly the staff is and flexible with unusual orders.  Not on the menu but ask for an Affogado after dinner!
Best indian food in town, Lunch Buffet is just AWESOME!!!
I am not one to slam places, but the food was not very good - ok it was bad and over priced.  For half of the price you can get something better at Taco Bell and I don't really like Taco Bell.  Not worth a second trip for me.
Good. .But not great tapas.   Would give 3.5 stars. .. But rounding up due to the solid service we got at the bar on a crowded night.
Can't believe we haven't ate here yet! I love the ambiance, a nice break from the super casual norm in DT Chandler. Steaks are very reasonably priced, a perfectly cooked 6oz fillet for $22, including salad, a starch, great bread and great service. We will be back for sure!
Beautiful produce, great selection of herbs. Huge meat and fish market. The place to go for Asian foods, noodles, rice.
Beer was not very cold.  They don't have the beer price on the menu - it is more than you'd (or I'd) expect.\n\nI went there expecting some custom beer - not here!  Standard beers on tap.
Randi and Next Door Realty deserve more than five stars! The quality of communication and care for my property is outstanding, and I feel so much better that, even though I'm in another state, Next Door cares about me and the tenants. Thank you!
This place has not that great food pretty tasteless and their service is mediocre....what they don't tell u is that they don't carry coin change....ceasar salad is bad
Pulled pork wasn't very good. Beef brisket was a little better. Fried okra and mac and cheese were ok.
Great ambiance, the food was lovely, the DRINK SPRECIALS WERE AMAZING, and i love in the fall they have an outdoor fire place.  One of the reasons I love coming back to Charlotte so much.  It's hip, it's fun and the service was great.
beyond below piss poor service !!!!!!    had serious cash in hand , although packed , the rude bartender was too busy to serve us although we were gonna spend some serious $ in there due to one of our close friends recommeneding this bar ... major big thumbs down !!!!   nhm
Oh my goodness, the best Veggie burger I have ever had in my life!!!!! Taste tremendously better than the real thing/ I would love t o have on at home. The baked beans were phenomenon as well.
It's a maze to get in or out of this place and just feels chaotic the entire time you are here, almost suffocating. VIP areas are SMALL. Decor is pretty cool, music is OK, really long lines. Not my favorite.
Old fashioned cafe. Simple meat and three menu plus a bunch of sandwiches. \nMassive amount of food. \nMost of patrons work nearby.
Was going to go to Burger Bar, but there was a wait so we decided to give Hussongs Cantina a try.\n\nLong story short the service was okay, but the food was a disappointment. No particular flavor and too salty.\n\nAnd a bit too noisy.
WOW!  Fantastic Food and great prices.  What more do you need to know?
We have been here a few times for breakfast.  Good portions. Great speedy service. The potatoe cakes are really good!
Great job with great service. Nice atmosphere with good people. Had a good time and was treated great. Definitely coming back. Not just a normal nail spot.
Excellent food for an affordable price! I would definitely go again for dinner. Healthy foo as well!
Good food - wings, hot shots, etc.. Service leaves some to be desired - depending on when you go.  There's some great servers for tables.  Bar definitely could use servers who enjoy their job more and people more.  They tend to talk only to the other servers - pretty annoying for travelers.
My Czech cousin loved this authentic Czech restaurant.  It is family owned with mom doing the cooking and the daughter serving.  They are fluent in Czech, French and English and probably a few other languages.  The beef and snitzel  dishes were delicious.  The tilapia was ordinary.  The atmosphere is homey and friendly.
Wimpy showerhead. nothing like a weak showerhead to ruin your hotel stay. the room is good. nothing fancy. carpet is old. Can't complain about the $40 rate though. Beds are comfortable I must say and clean.
Most limited buffet I have ever seen for breakfast.  no strawberry, blueberry, etc.\n\nOrange juice horrible,\n\n\ngo to dennys or ihop instead.
I thought Fresh and Easy was more of a healthy food store... I was very very wrong.  It is a small store with hardly any selection of regular food.  Might as well go to Vons or Albertsons, at least they have more of a produce section there!  I was quite disappointed in Fresh and Easy.  Will never go back.
Ordered the red curry with chicken. Tasted good until I found a roach in it. I will not ever eat there again. Disgusting.
Eh...could they make an airport any longer? This place is packed and hard to maneuver through, but its convenient location and only real option into Vegas makes it \"good enough\"
Very disappointed.   Two carne asada tacos with Pico and guac. Sounded good but meat was cold and flavorless.  Pico and guac were flavorless.
This is a great place to come to if you are in need of an eye doctor. Dr. Ha is amazing with his patients and remembers even the smallest details even if you only see them once a year. They are in need of an update to their frame selection, as I have been going there for 5 years.
Great Mexican food and Great Service. We ordered To-Go and the service was awesome! The atmosphere is cute with an authentic Spanish feel. Ordered the Carnitas Dinner and Carne Asada burrito, both were perfect and cooked really well. Always the first place that comes up when we're craving some Mexican food.
They make great Americanos, the staff is well versed on coffee and are very friendly. Coffee is expensive not sure if this is a Scottsdale thing? Although it's a mall this place isn't very attractive for lounging.
Very professional place and nice haircut
Love this place, food and ice cream not to expensive but not to cheap. Will go back for sure. Not much else to say, sandwiches ice cream not a lot of variety.
Starbucks is always a favorite!
Great live music, Crusaders bike club has fund raiser for kids in need.  Help them out!  Marisa and I did.  Really like the outdoor patio and bands.  Food is pretty good too.  Margaritas need imrpovement.  I'd give them 5 stars if they get that nailed.
I didn't find this place to be anything special.  Service was average, ambiance was average.  All of us ordered the house special \"Vogue Steak\" and they were tough as shoe leather, definitely below average.  For the price, which was fairly steep, I bet you could do better.
My favorite theater in Las Vegas.  Popcorn is always great, very clean, good clientel. Always go there if there is a choice.
Good diversity. Pet friendly venue. Good to have cash for side vendors. Food trucks have always made its oresence in this scene.\n\nGet a corn with all the toppings you desire !
This place sucked! We went cause hash house but they closed, this place was open so we'd try it, nah, never again I can't even wright a review
The door says it closes at 9:00.  But it is closed at 8:30.  Must be in a different time zone....
Authentic and flavourful mexican that's as good anything found across the border.  Perfect for a quick lunch if you can find a seat.  Go for the food not the ambiance.
Great on line service!!!  2nd time placing an order on line and they made it easy as far as getting the correct sizes in a timely manner.
We got a great room for a great price here.  Can't complain!  Plenty of parking for RV's or oversized vehicles.
The food tastes good. A little over priced but I won't be coming here anymore. Waited 45 minutes for two entrees to go and nobody else was in the restaurant, For the entire time.
Nice coffee shop.  The service is good and the place is very clean.  Pastries are ok but veeery expensive.  To me the coffee tastes a little bitter, maybe it is because I am used to a different one.  Overall a good experience.
Gainey has lost its luster.   After many years of membership, I was sorry to see this happen.
LOVE PRETZELS!  We got the bitz and shared with cheese sauce.  Inhaled all the bite size, soft, and chewy pretzels bites.  YUM.  Had the bubble gum slush to wash down the heavenly pretzel bits.\n\nStaff is friendly and super helpful.
We went here for dinner for 4 and took almost 2 hours.  Most the dishes were just avg to poor with the Tempura being the best dish.  Stay away from this place for a few mos until they get their act together.
Went for a late night dessert, the fig & pecan baklava is excellent, the ice cream homemade, the molten chocolate cake just right for that needed chocolate fix.
Awesome gluten free pizza, salads and beautiful atmosphere. Love eating on the patio, it's a great date night restaurant! Love eating here when we go to First Friday. Great service too. Recently heard they offer gluten free crepes now too; cannot wait to try!! Two thumbs way up.
Probably one of the best Chinese in Vegas! Fast, fresh and good pricing. Reminds me of the food I got back in Boston which was the best I've ever had!
I wanted ice cream, but not quite and some mochi with strawberries... well what do you know? This place had all three!\n\nCute little place, got my fro-yo fix and I was in and out like a scout!
Pizza might be good but wait is Hoooorrrrible. Not sure what the point of ordering for pick up if you have to wait another (few cuss word)  hour when you get there! Waste of my time!
I don't know where to start, the biscuit I keep hearing about is tasteless flat and dry, the chicken is soaked in oil. The cajun beans weren't bad though. Its just not my thing.
This place has a lot to offer.  They have a lot of events and things to bring in the people, and they are active in the community.  It's a lot of fun to see what all is going on in here.  Definitely one to see for yourself.
Ok, the food is great, BUT, these people are so cheap. They barrely give you ANY chicken I was like wth where's the chicken in this burrito bowl? so I always get the double-chicken.
First visit...wait staff slow, non-attentive, food not cooked to request, med well hamburger, raw...they did comp the meal. Was by no means fantastic for the price asked $10.00 (too much). Disappointed with Mr DeMarco
Super Yummy!  What else can I say??
This is a French Scottish place.  I had the sea bass which was good but a little small.  In general, the food is good but the prices are a little high.
Best vet ever! We drive all the way from mountains edge just to update our cats on their vaccines because we only trust him!!!
Blech. Was in desperate need for light asian food and quick service for lunch. Got neither. Low grade japanese food summarizes it all.
Great food, great price, great service.  This place is new, clean, and comfortable.  Rice noodle bowl with bbq pork and spring rolls was terrific.  Beef pho combo was also very good.  A good spot for a quick casual lunch.
The order was taken correctly but the person at last window gave me the wrong item. No time to back for them to fix a mistake...
After watching man v food and hearing about the hype I was pretty excited to get my hands on one of these sandwiches. However, when I got the sandwich I was pretty disappointed. The sandwich I got was pretty bland and simple. It was a good sandwich, I just expected more with the hype.
I purchased liquid at another store that had a funky after taste and thought it might be the particular brand so I yelped vap shops and read about Butt Out, their vap bar and they specialize in mixing. What a difference! All I can say is, thank you and I'll be back in a couple of weeks!
Try the soondubu jjigae and bibimbap! Every meal comes with 6 korean side dishes, so I always leave satisfied. The waitresses here are very kind, helpful, and smiley. One of them even helped me with my korean, which I greatly appreciated. I highly recommend you try this place out!
This restaurant has great service and a nice ambiance. They always take great cars of me here. The bouillabaisse is wonderful and every cut of meat I've had has been cooked to perfection. I also recommend sitting outside weather permitting.
Food is excellent! I love the Thai Chow Mein. Its delicious and the dish is packed with chicken and yummy vegetables. The service could be better and the plastic spoons taped to all the pens in the restaurant drive me crazy... Otherwise, great place!
Love Orangewood Vet clinic! The whole staff is great and really cares about your animal. I have never had a vet who will spend the time necessary to discuss whats going on with your pet and then some. He is so full of great information about all animals. I would highly recommend Dr. Clark for the care of your pet.
Saturday night.  Service was slooow and the food wasn't all that.  But I must say the chef came out and apologized worked to set things right.   We ended up having a good time but we'll not be back.  Asian tapas?  I'll just go to Chinatown .
This is no Al's beef (unfortunately the one in Scottsdale closed). Luke's Italian beef is dry and lackluster in flavor. Literally no hint of giradinera. Very disappointed.  Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
Every time I visit Chandler I always go to the Boba Tea House! They have the BEST bobas. I took my American friends there once and they liked it! Try the strawberry lychee boba. They need to move one of these in north scottsdale. I will go EVERYDAY
Very nice and capable of providing service to many clients at a time. I received a simultaneous manicure & pedicure. Loved the holiday ombre for my manicure!
Tried the combination platter with three items and was not impressed. Need to go to the fish camp's in Gaston County and learn how to properly fry fish. Overpriced for what you get.I definitely will not be returning to Pier 51 in Rock Hill!
love this place! I like to grab a coffee and peruse the grocery selections. I typically go there for a specialty bread and local cheeses and hummus. great selection of local produce
Since it is near my house and I love pupusas, I tried this place and my friend yelp! this place for their delicious food. The food was amazing! Was big, very tasteful and very friendly customers service!
Not happy with the pharmacy here. Waited forever just to give them my prescription.  After them giving me an estimated time to come back ,which was one hour, I came back 2 hours later and my prescription was still not ready. Bad customer service.
Nothing special.  Had the Sicilian crust.  Not the type of pizza i want to eat again.  The place was crowded, lots of families.  I would go to Grimaldi's next time.
The worst service ever sitting in our table for more then 20 min with no one to approach us to take or drink order and when asked to speak to a manager rude as well not even an apology and pretty much told us it was busy since they have two floors and we could wait never returning
I really didn't care that it was \"New York\" style pizza or compare it to it.  I just thought it was pretty good pizza.  I had the sicilian style also which I thought was great.  But then again, after walking up and down the strip all day starving, I guess anything would be!
I've been going to pharmacy for over a decade and I LOVE this shop. By far the best variety of skate hardgoods and shoes in las vegas. I wouldn't  go anywhere else for all of my skate/apperal needs. Very knowledgeable customer service too.
Wow, Merle Norman is a great place to learn about unique Desert Skin Care in Carefree Arizona. Barb the owner offers makeovers, tips and great advice specific to our climate and individual skin care needs. Very pleased with the products and service. Great to have a skin care expert so close.
They're rather boring. They never do anything and it's always crowded around the cage. This is a free exhibit though so can't complain much. Just don't waste too much of your time waiting for them to move.
My ten year old daughter and I had dinner at the McFarlane to celebrate our weekend together. My daughter loved the food. There are special chairs for the dolls to sit at the table with you. It was a fun night.
Fast delivery and very friendly delivery driver. However, the food, for how pricey it was, was really bland. The beef was really tough, and had the consistency of shoe leather, and the fried rice was dry and flavorless. The soup was just heated water. Perhaps they were having a bad night, but thoroughly disappointing.
Fresh coffee, quickly and excellently prepared pancakes, friendly service - everything that you can expect from a breakfast shop. Loved it.
Ordered takeout from this restaurant. The food came pretty quick. The lamb was delicious, but the portion is EXTREMELY SMALL. I ordered two entrees and two appetizer which was more than $50.
This place is just ok...with all of the choices in Vegas, this is definitely not at the top of the list.  The atmosphere is ok, the service was extremely slow and the food is nothing special especially for the price!
Unfortunately My Cousin Vinny has closed- the sign on the front states it is going to be a church (not kidding). Remodeling going on.
damon rules!!!
Quite possibly the best meal I have ever had in my life.   The food, the atmosphere, the staff were all superb.  If I win a little extra money in Vegas on my next trip, I will certainly come back for an encore.  You will not be disappointed.
Big, clean, and quiet rooms - several restaurants, very nice place (yes, it needs new carpet).  The quietest room I've stayed in a long time with an exceptionally comfortable bed.  If you want a casino, go downtown - if you don't want a casino, this place is great!  Excellent Breakfast!
Unbelievable that a \"egg\" restarunt does not know how to poach an egg. 3x for eggs benedict and still wrong. 2xs eggs not cooked 3x killed them. I gave up.
Worst customer service ever! My fiance took 2 straws to put in my drink and this dumb bartender kicks him out for no reason! Worst customer service and bartender with the bald head and glasses ever! I highly do not recommend this place. There's better places that can gladly take your business
Nice positive atmosphere. My family and I always come here in the mornings for breakfast. Plus, they have crayons and paper games for my little one.
Not my favorite Starbucks, poor customer service and they would only give us one gift card even though we bought two k-cup packs. Will go to the Safeway location next time.
Super good food! Friendly service! Feels like home atmosphere great music playing and the carne asada fries where to die for!
They scheduled a service call between noon and 1.00.  I called them at 3.30 asking if they were still coming.  Excuses about scheduling issues and a promise to call me back in 5 minutes. That was the last I heard from them. \nAbsolutely can't depend on them.
This club is discriminatory in it's entrance procedures.  This place needs to be exposed for it's racist policies.  Totally ridiculous behavior for a club that is trying to be a top-of-the-line establishment in Charlotte. Heard it's not doing well, hope a new place moves in soon.
Kept forgetting my order and they keep you waiting so long just so they can charge you more. Worst sushi reaturant ive been to. Go to sushi kaya for better service and better sushi.
It's the only place to purchase my eggs.  Perhaps, being brought up in HI and eating mostly fresh foods was close to the taste.
One of the original bars in the East Fremont District, it's a good go-to for a PBR to just chill & chew the fat w/ your buds. Nickel Tuesday is still on like Donkey Kong but now carries a $5 cover...boo
Terrible. Their maids do not speak English and when you tell them to clean for an hour they charge you for 4 hours. They used dirty water to mop the floors, were extremely loud when cleaning the blinds and they lie on the phone and imply you are a liar.
Disgusting food! High fructose corn syrup and GMO in everything. And they charge 20 bucks. I felt so sick and threw up after I had breakfast there. The service was terrible, our waiter disappeared, no one speaks English, depressing atmosphere,  I will NEVER go there again!
I have a restaurant.com coupon for $25 on this \"cockroach\" Yummy House. DARNET!! they closed. What a waste of printing and ink. I haven't even tried the food yet!
A low-end convention center.  I guess it's probably cheap for them to rent it.  Just kind of dingy all around.  It does the job, but not if you're holding any sort of high-end event.
I only trust my eyebrows to Melissa. I have visited numerous salons in Las Vegas over the years and she is by far the best I have encountered!
Old western decor, food and service is average.  They provide a decent meal if you are near the Phoenix airport.
This place is a hidden gem in Scottsdale!  The food is farm to market fresh with an every changing menu.  It is BYOB, so you can bring the wine that suits your party and they provide the appropriate stemware.  The food, atmosphere and service were impeccable!
Attitude and crap service are pretty spot on here.  Plenty of other mexican joints to eat at.  But if you really want to eat overlooking the strip I would just head upstairs to maggianos.
In short, slow service, average food and a poor attitude by the wait staff add up to a disappointing meal.\n\n[BTY - Yelp maps this place 6+ miles from where it actually is located.]
TI's brekfast entailed eggs, chicken sausage, and dessert after dessert after dessert.  It was great, albeit the worst of our 3 breakfasts by far (Paris and Bellagio otherwise).....the fruit sushi and donut machine were definitely unique, though
Have to agree with the reviews about the horrible customer service.  They act like you're an inconvenience and that you''re bothering them.  Done with this place.
Went last night for a birthday dinner\nThe food, drink, ambiance and especially the service was fantastic \nA great spot for a date, casual dinner or a get together with friends!\nA must try!
Food is good but the service is terrible. They told us a 25 minute wait. 45 minutes later, they said they could seat us if we divided into two groups.
Not a very modern decor - could use an update! The food was good, the portions large and the price was reasonable. I recommend it.
Good yogurt, friendly staff.
Ok...DO NOT order from these guys on Friday or Saturday night...I have voiced my opinion to the managers...I told him that everytime that I order on the weekends my pizza arrives under cooked...this happen over 5 times....I will not order from here again!!..
Great store that has nearly everything. I have found some products almost half the price of Some of Smith's at the Wal-Mart Neighborhood market. Still, Smith's is a better store then Walmart by far. The layout is really well done, it's clean, and most of the staff is very nice.
What an incredible group of doers and givers!!!!  So giving and passionate about helping others.    \nIt is definitely worth it to swing by and grab a nutrient BLAST to fill your body with amazing foods.   They all taste incredible, and extremely FRESH!
Friendly employees & good store layout makes the HT at Providence Commons a  convenient and easy place to shop.  This HT typically has a good selection of things that are on my everyday shopping list including  all-natural cleaning supplies and organic fruits & veggies.
Updated room.. liked the tv in the bathroom.  Had a good time.
I think Macayo's is pretty good! They have a great menu however I think they're a bit over priced. (I'd recommend Aribas).
I received a call from the owner explaining in detail what happened. I can say that I appreciate her honesty and her attention to customer service and satisfaction. I will definitely be going back to Bond.
The branch is easy to find right on Maryland Parkway. The people are extremely friendly and helpful. Letty, who works with small businesses, is very knowledgeable and personable. She is extremely helpful.
Lobster mashed potatoes, seafood tower, bone-in filet, 5 star service, presentation, be sure to get a spot in the \"treehouse\" section. Take a good look at menu prices beforehand though;)
Saw a show at the house of blues tonight. Awesome venue... Sound was great. Staff was friendly . I would go back anytime.
These guys are all across the valley and I've never had a bad experience. They're quick, attentive, and always pleasant when I've used their services. I have no problem handing my car over to them - I have full confidence that they take the best care of every car that comes into any parking lot.
Food was great! Service was pretty good over all great time
The food wasn't terrible but the fact that they had the one girl working and running around by herself to serve everyone was just sad. If you're in a casino, perhaps you shouldn't gamble with your chances of ever having return customers!
My husband and I love this spot! Good wine list although I wish they had some dessert wines. The manager is so helpful with helping you choose a wine, if you don't like it she will bring you wine until you do find a glass you like!\nGet the grilled cheese and the burger!
I had a nice lunch there this week. The Lady who took my order seamed extra pleasant. The food was good/ok. I will try again to see if there are any items that are really good. I had heard that the humus? is very good. Maybe I will increase my rating if it is a standout.
Best place to eat on mill if you're looking for Italian and something casual. The pizza and bruschetta is what they are known for.
Best happy hour in town. 30 items $5 and under. Phili roll is the best I've ever had!!!
Has everything I need for my pretty kitty and my fish live past 2 days.
Absolutely terrible. If my nightclub looked like garbage I would have tons of smoke machines too. A drink got spilled ON ME (within 3 minutes if being there) and they dragged me out by my neck. Security manager didn't care either about how much force they used, I hope these hot head bouncers get sued.
Service was ok, but food was lousy. The breakfast sandwich was cold so I took it back, they gave me another one that was lukewarm. I took two bites and threw it away and left.
Best bagel place in Madison. Great sandwiches, fresh meat and made fresh. Usually busy on the weekends but worth the wait. I personally love the breakfast sandwiches but you really can't go wrong here.
This place has it all!\n\nGreat staff\nLotions and eyewear for purchase \nStand up beds\nAffordable \nClean \nHours are accommodating
This is my second time visiting Potbelly. Both times I've great service and delicious sandwiches. I like that they toast their subs. Can't wait to go back!
Stopped in for lunch and we were seated quickly. The menu had plenty of options and I went with the soup/salad on a rainy day. The tortilla soup and chopped salad with smoked pork hit the spot! I will return and recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
Great steak. Ask to sit on the patio so you can watch the fountains during dinner. Michelle was awesome, we will ask for her on our next visit
Nice renovation to an old hotel. Good rates on room. We rented a cabana at the pool & were way over charged but it was an okay overall experience
I have been going to Chic Nails for two years and I have always had amazing service.  Natalie is the best!  I have tried many nail salons in the valley and this one is quality at a low price.
I loved the location and the setup of this place. Very cute. Everyone I was with really liked their food. My burger just wasn't as good as Indulge. I would go here again to try something else though!
Super friendly service & consistently good quality tailoring. The owner Dennis is always a pleasure to deal with.
Went a second time and had a much better time than the first. Its a beautiful club and this time the staff was definitely more friendly.\n\nI would still recommend that Hakkasan make some non VIP seating but maybe its because Im getting old and my feet were hurting. :)
Fun ambiance!  Great service.
Another great Starbucks location!  The staff is very welcoming and they remember like things about you to be a little personal.  I usually have my drink ready for me when I get through the line and I know I can expect excellence everytime I stop there.
We didn't even get to order food because the bartender ignored us. We didn't get her name either, all we got were to happy hour margaritas that were pre made. Not coming back.
We came here recently for lunch, and it just took too damn long. We didn't order anything wild, and the food was just ok. The appetizers came after the food, but the waitress tried to make up for it with a smile.
I came for Sunday brunch.  Nothing stood out.  Food was for the most part over-cooked and not memorable.  Dessert section is ok.  Definitely not worth the price and there are so many better  buffets in Vegas.  Will not be coming back.
We had a rough dining experience there once. The management was very responsive and worked hard to make it better. Very good food. Nice environment, especially on the patio. I liked the naked wings, and my wife liked the cookie dessert. Ramone the manager was very kind and dedicated. McKenzie was a very nice waitress.
The atmosphere is exciting and vibrant. Trendy. However, the food is very mediocre. If you're not a fish lover, there is not a great selection of Mexican/American dishes. If you like downtown Las Vegas, you may like this but I feel the food just quite didn't strike my Palate.
I honestly didn't think I'd ever get good BBQ outside of Kansas City, Memphis or Austin. However, i ordered the Beef Ribs and Pulled Pork combo platter, and was quite surprised. They served the enormous plate with three totally different styles of sauce that covered every style...
Not worth your time, money, effort to come here. It takes forever to get in and the dancefloor is small and crowded. You can barely move around. Cover's not cheap, drink's not cheap. Also, drinks are weak. This place needs some TLC.
I don't have a general complain aside from the fact that there are often dirty tables. The staff is always friendly and the food is satisfying.
Went her on Yelp recommendations. But, the food was rather flavorless, and nothing special at all.  My enchilada and bean burrito combo was nothing special, and just tasted bland.\n\nI wasn't impressed.
Fantastic Italian food. Service is personal and friendly. High on the price factor, but it is what it is. Honestly, it's a place to go for specially made authentic Itialn food.  If you want cheap, go to the Olive Garden.
Yummmm! Always my favorite place to eat, so simple with quality service & the food is always delicious. I always take out of state friends and family to eat there & everyone loves it
My boyfriend and I had the best time. We had the top seats and loved the show.  It's breath taking. We paid $180 and was well worth it. Their popcorn is delicious as well.
Service was slow but friendly. Atmosphere a little cold. But the food was terrible. We ordered beef fried rice and a curry beef dish. Both were almost too tough to eat. My fried rice was just plain gross. It took 20 minutes from when we were done eating to find someone to deliver the check. Won't be returning.
This is a really cool restaurant and bar. The staff is very friendly and professional. The food is delicious and they even have vegan options with some modifications. When it comes to drinks they have a great selection of beers and the cocktails are amazing.
I've never visited their store but they were at the BITE of Las Vegas and I couldnt stop buying their chocolate covered strawberries & apples.\nThey sell them in bouquets like an arrangement of flowers hence the name. Brilliant idea and tasty chocolate.
The car of miso ramen soup was delicious the honey glazed chicken appetizer was the best I love the atmosphere at this place its small and I'll continue on East Russell Road for one and a half miles for any casual dining experience hope this helps you choose this fabulous place
So glad I stayed close to home and skipped Panda Express. General Tso chicken made with sll yummy white meat. Will visit again
small portions. crazy small portions. stick to the buffet because at china poblano, the  food didn't taste very good. and it was grossly overpriced. i will never return. NEVER! EVER. EVER!
Greasy, I didn't like any of the food.
One of the best BBQ places! Everytime we go to Vegas we have to come here. Ribs ribs ribs, gotta get ribs.St. Louis Ribs and Brisket is what I usually order. They absolutely have the best cornbread too. Huge portion at a reasonable price. Service is excellent.
The pizza was not that remarkable.it came barely warm. One person in our party ordered a chicken wrap and as the rest of us finished our pizza the wrap still had not been served. We eventually cancelled it . The staff was apologetic .
Actually got served undercooked chicken, kind of raw. Never will go back.
Who woulda known there was quality 24-hour dining anywhere on the strip??\n\nThank goodness for that.. It's also a trip having hangover food after a night out and seeing all the old people reading the next day's paper, having their morning cup of coffee...
This is one of my favorite places to get BoBa!! The BoBa is never overcooked and they so many options to choose from, as far as drinks. Great place for a first time BoBa person!! =)
Great pizza for a good price. Get to add all the toppings you want for the same price. My wife and I can't always agree on a pizza but here we can get exactly want we want.
Very Good!!
The food is mediocre.  I had chicken katsu--the chicken was cooked to death.  The music is way too loud.  The service is absolutely horrible.  The bar is incredibly slow; twenty minutes for two drinks.  The server was rude and she forgot to enter part of our order.  I will never go back.
Friendly, professional, great quality work!  The crew here definitely went the extra mile for me.  My accord looks amazing!  I highly recommend the ceramic tint!  Much much less heat in the car!  Thanks Bernice and crew!
I think that this Resteraunt has decent food and a decent and clean dining area. The food is good, and the prices aren't horrible. I love the zucchini sticks ! But most of all, if you like farmer bros on Facebook you get a free brownie! I'm just sayin'!!!!
Take your wife to the strip club,  enjoy the ladies and then pull back the curtain on the men's theater for good time part deaux.\nTheater setting so you can be as close or far as you want. Buy your wife some dances after the show as the guys walk the floor,  $20 per.
Had an awesome experience at the Ceasar's Palace/Las Vegas location.  My sales specialist rolled out the red carpet for me!.  If you're looking for an exclusive shopping experience and want an expert who is confident but not pushy, schedule an appointment with Kenyanna.
Macy's has a lot of Christmas gift boxes / ideas, especially  on the cologne and perfume great gift ideas there the store is being decorated right now for Christmas all the employees I talked with  seem to be very helpful and knowledgeable about the product.
Great food, great prices. It's really fast and you don't even need to call your order in.
Great customer service and very knowledgeable with products. Highly recommended to public.
Love the surprise staff! My kids rather go to the childcare then home! It truly is our second home.
You're losing a star because of the lack of service. I mean you were all friendly, but maybe had there been one or two more servers it would have been a perfect 5. \n\nFood is good. Price fair. One of the only spots in Vegas I felt good about what I ate and didn't get ripped off.
This place is GREAT! It is a GREAT place to impress your meat-eating friends! Tell them to get the buffalo wings, buffalo chicken sandwich, or mongolian chicken bowl... those are the best dishes!
wonderful people, food, the works.  This is the best Buffalo Wild Wings in town.
Amazing GRILL chicken wings. Over price but good cold beer. Awesome place to watch sports.
Always busy, always a full parking lot. Be prepared to hoof it.\n\nGreat selection, friendly staff.
Fun and fairly enxpensive place to meet-up with friends. Although dont expect great mexican food beyond the price you pay.
Man I wish I would have these reviews prior to ordering. The worst sushi ever! Granola bar here I come. Gagging.
The $6.99 lunch buffet is an awesome deal, as the food was some of the best Indian we've had in Pittsburgh.
If you are looking for a sandwich there are better options even in the same complex. The salad was good and the chocolate strawberry at the end was a nice touch, but it couldn't overcome the prepackaged wet lunch meat sandwich. Had heard a ton of good things about it, but one visit was enough for me.
Their website states they are open all day sunday...arrived at 2:38...They said they closed at 230 even though I saw ppl still ordering food.  Manager was not very accommodating considering we drove 30 miles to eat there....I was very sad....
Generally, Walgreens is a great organization, but they definitely have a bad apple with this store.  Rude, inconsistent employees.  I complained to the Walgreens corporate office about them, but no response.  I guess corporate does not care about customer service complaints.
Way cheaper than the Art Java location on Mont Royal, but service and food are also a tad more basic. The wifi is much better however, even at peak hours (the Mont Royal location only offers a mediocre/erratic Ile Sans Fil wifi access).
I was in town from San Diego and stumbled upon this gem thanks to all you yelpers! Great steaks and hip young vibe. Will definitely return when I'm in the area.
Me and a couple of friends went for lunch and there was not as much food out as there should have been, once the food had ran out the staff never put more out like they should have, the food was cold and the staff were not very friendly.
Love this place. Good happy hour specials. Food is consistently great!
The chef's were lethargic, and there was no way to communicate with them, let alone the overworked waitress.  Combined with the triple digit food prices, and low quality made this meal horrible.    Didn't even wait for the shrimp heads to arrive......
I gave the Cobb salad with breaded tenders (special ordered) a try.  The salad greens were delicious.  They rectified their freshness issue.  I now have a new place to go for lunch salads!!!
I shop the sales here and always do well. Their quality has never changed over the past 30 years and with the outlet store I get it at a value price.
Have not managed to find a place that has such good pizza compared to South Africa. I love the toppings that they use. Very creative pizzas. Nice thin crust too. Delicious. And they have great ginger beer on tap!
Nice little breakfast place.  \n\nFood is good and made with love.\nThe service is friendly and prompt.\n\nThe place is small and hipster as hell but its pretty much the best breakfast place in the area.
everything, everyone has posted about this company is true! great service, friendly people, good pricing! highly recommend!
The burgers here are so good! They dont have an in and out where I live, so I really look forward to an opportunity to taste these seemingly homemade treats!
Difficult to get to, this restaurant is non smoking restaurant.  We waited about 20min for our food.
This place is a hit and miss experience.  The location is great.  Zoom off the freeway and I'm there.  Zoom back on the freeway.  \n\nThe food?  Basic Ihop stuff.  \n\n\nZoom zoom
Nice Italian restaurant for a simple lunch or dinner. Flavors are good, service is OK and quick but this is not an upscale restaurant it is instead a neighborhood place that is OK.\nIf you are a student or professor at UNC Charlotte it is one of the better places for lunch in the area.
Love the food, the help is very nice, I had the wonton noodles and the ribeye buns...they both fantastic and I can't wait to try more dishes!
This is probably a better place for lunch than dinner.  The lunch menu is reasonably priced and has eight traditional Thai dishes a day, each served with rice, soup, a spring roll and iced tea.  The service is quick and the food is flavorful (except for the soup- that was a little bland).
Awesome place. Moved here from out of state, I tried three other tailors in this area. This place has by far the best price and service. Three pairs of pants in 24hrs!
The prices still higher than other designer outlet stores.
Nice airport.  I love that you can see the Vegas skyline as you land.  It is fun that they have slot machines in the terminal - the ding ding noise greets you as a fun welcome to Vegas. It is a much larger airport than one would expect.
Wicked terrible is what i think. The service was horrible, the pulled pork sandwich came out with that raw taste, and it wasn't clean. There were table staying dirty for longer than we were even there. Management was no help to their staff at all. All that said, our waitress was really nice, but I would not go there again.
They got the concept right, even the service is slow, but the food is not quite there yet. The recipes seem close enough but the ingredients are not. The meat they use for the \"tampique\u00f1a\" is not even close to what they serve in Mexico. But their micheladas are very good!
This chain has poor customer service all around. I do not shop at any of these Smith's stores. This store in particular has rude and arrogant management staff, and poor customer service. They expect your business, not appreciate it. Especially the liquor manager Jill.
Always great wings. I went to watch UFC with some friends. Staff is friendly drinks a plenty. good staff @ this loc.  no complaints.  my compliments
Love this place! They have the best sandwiches and they have the best gluten free bread! Great service and great atmosphere! Highly recommend!
Excellent service, even though it was a busy Saturday. At our table we ordered Beef Stroganoff,  the special pork chops, and the Chicken Saltimbucco. All was amazing, including the cheesecake. I highly recommend this place!
I've been to Mr. Lee's several times and I was happy with the results. He's kind of weird, but he's always happy and enthusiastic.\n\nAs a warning for those of you who don't like thinning shears: he uses them a LOT.
Beautiful selections!\nGreat prices! Wonderful service, wonderful alterations!\nI got my wedding dress here, it was ready when they promised! It looked beautiful and I think I got a great deal!
Excellent local flair. Just had to go reading all the other reviews. The new location is brightly lite, warm and welcoming. Thought it was great that Carlos was there and chatted with the customers. We had the buffalo chicken wrap and sandwich. Both excellent and the onion rings were out of this world!!! Love this place.
Very good and consistent.  Nice place to go for an inexpensive lunch.  Never in the area for dinner so I don't know how it is there, but I would think it's just as good.
Should be 3 $. 10oz filet $48. Presentation looked good, sauce on the ribs and chicken was a little thick, salads were very good and so was the bread.
HOV was recommended to me by a co-worker. I was pleased with the knowledge and the fair prices. LOVE THIS PLACE!!! No cheap disposable junk here!
Excellent food. Great prices. The only place on the west coast with properly prepared bagels. Friendly and polite staff.
This place never disappoints. I always stock up on coals and shisha here and it's good to know they supply my favorite brand 'Fantasia'.\n\nThe place always looks pretty neat and clean and the service is so friendly! \n\nI highly recommend!!!! (:
The knuckle draggers working in the lot itself failed to meet even the most modest expectations. Apparently there is a don't talk to the customers rule in place. You are just supposed to guess if this is your car at pickup time and guess again if they are done with the  paperwork on the return.
It's aight.
Our server was pretty slow. And, we never got our change back. Shame
Starting to really love this place! The bartender was very polite I think his name was Matt and our server Nathan was very attentive and very fast! Never anything bad to say about this place!  The dumplings are by far my most favorite thing! So delicious!
Horrible service. Manager is a jerk. Not willing to cater to dietary restrictions. Would not go back nor do I recommend anyone go here. Food mediocre.
I needed a new tire and shopped around other places for prices.  Everyone in town was charging the same amount.  Not sure why these guys call themselves \"Discount\" Tire.
Great meal and nice bottle of wine. Had the 4 course local special. Nice filet and chocolate lava cake.
This place has it all -- fantastic customer service, extensive wine selection, affordable prices and weekend wine/beer/liquor tastings. BevMo's going to be the next Blockbuster.
Absolutely outstanding!  As good as the best in Florence, Italy
Old school steak house feel but a good spot to hit if you son't want to head downtown for some real grubbing!
Just tried this place for the first time the Gyro was the best ive had. I never thought anyone could beat my greek gyro place in Scottsdale but these guys have done just that. Definitely recommend eating here.
Staff is not friendly and the look on the person who brought us out food was like I hate you and my job.\n\nI do have to say best pizza in town. Salads are fresh and the dressings are homemade.
Looking for crepes? Go elsewhere. Not only is the food pretty bland, but they do not serve tap water to paying customers who are buying food and alcohol. Tsk tsk.
The brew is ok I have had better, and the pizza is ok, nothing crazy good and the atmosphere is alright, I'd rather go somewhere else any day.
I love this place! The sushi and drinks are amazing and you can't beat the half off sushi and certain drinks during happy hour! Only thing I don't like is they don't serve sushi after midnight......
I like transport and this is pretty cool.  great views and a ride up the hill are reward enough (top of the hill much to our chegrine had not much in the way of cafes or resteraunts for breakfast)
Ordered deliver from this restaurant.  It was one hour and 45 minutes to get food that was swimming in oil. The restaurant person argued that we were told it would take that long to get our food Seriously who agrees to wait that long for food.  Big disappointment.
Streaming video has a poor selection of movies.  The system works well yet odd movie selection.  Read online; if looking for new releases they don't have.  Not even from a year ago.
Horrible customer service. Would not allow a late check out. The cafe service just was horrible. The Palms has gone way down hill. Won't stay there anymore nor should you.
Their tropical chicken and seafood pan noodles are amazing! Pretty good food and a lot of it for its price
Arrived at airport, found this place enjoyed a very good lunch and excellent service.
Wish this place was a little closer to home. They have some really good Cuban Sandwiches. The customer service was really good too.
Not good enough for the price.  $16 for chicken.
Since the last time I was there: NO AC, the one avail toilet was broken and backed up creating a foul odor across the venue. Not to mention the hundreds of sweaty 13 year olds hanging out making a mockery of themselves instead of allowing others to enjoy the only pleasurable experience from this place... the music.
Please check out westcoastfitnesssucks.com for additional information
joe the server was amazing we had a blast he was soo funny and the food was so tasty its a great place for a birthday  we r visiting from california and best service ever he was hilarious and I would go everyday if I could lol
First time at Extreme Pita.  It is a little different than Pita Pit. I had the small smoked turkey and my husband had the buffalo chick.  Was not impressed with the food nor the staff. Not sure we will go back.
Their Hawaiian cakes taste just like the ones I grew up on in Hawaii.....actually a little better. Prices are good & they are super nice here!
Came in about 20 minutes before closing, was then advised to come back tomorrow. Came out of the way to get phone activated. Told the sales person, guess you're going to stay late. The sales person was not happy. I get they're tired and ready to go home, but there is an expectation of service that they were not meeting.
Solid service, solid food.  Excellent breakfast spot.
Slowest Starbucks on earth.
Clearly states I was getting tires on a car i was selling and wanted no warranty. Just looked at my receipt and was jammed with $66 in warranty that I didn't want, need and can't transfer to a new owner. Have been happy with other discount tire stores I won't be coming back to this location.
I've been to this place twice and both times I am not impress with the food and customer service. They don't give you that much food and the price are expensive. I think I can get better food at el pollo loco than this place.
Prices are real good.  Plenty of workers on the corner who will move you for Pizza soda and $20.  I used 6 of their workers and moved my entire house in 3 hours.  I didn't break a sweat and didn't lift a thing and it was cheap using their trucks.
This casino is so boring.  There's worse in Vegas, but with the location Monte Carlo has, it should be better.  The only thing this is good for is the tram to Bellagio/CityCenter, if you find yourself starting on the south strip.  Their pub has so much potential, too, but just falls flat.
If you shop here make sure you know exactly what you're buying, the sales reps will lie to your face without a second thought just to sell a couple things. With all the gun stores in Arizona the last one I would pick again is one with a widespread and well earned \"used car salesmen\" reputation. Shop elsewhere.
A great place in the am and mid day.  At night the staff is rude and the place dirty.  It just seems like at night they are more interested in playing then the customer.
We've had nothing but excellent experiences boarding our dogs here.  They are kind and understanding and the dogs come back without fleas or ticks every time unlike other far more expensive places.  And they don't arbitrarily decide to treat the dogs and then slam you with a bill when you pick them up unlike other facilities.
Excellent ice cream. Creamiest I've ever had, so this was a weird texture at first. Horchata doesn't taste like horchata, but I still like the light, clean flavor. Coffee flavors are always good.
I wandered in here to check it out from curiosity and was quite amazed at their huge selection of T-shirts and posters from every imaginable rock group and concert.  It's really one of those places you have to see to believe.  They have a website too, www.shirtsandposters.com.  Check it out.
They did a poor job of both washing and waxing my car. I guess when you are the only game in town... it's like they weren't even trying.  DIY or wait to wash unitil drive to Chandler for supplies, not worth your time or money.
Layers is a good place to stop off and enjoy bakery items and food.  It's pricey and to take my hubby and family costs an arm and a leg.  Ingredients are fresh.  Staff is helpful.  It's definitely a local hangout.
I love the smoothies that they serve here. The location is convenient, store looks clean, but not a fan of the service. The guy presents with no smile and talks to you like you're incompetent
Everything else is at reasonable price, except special sashimi, good but little bit overpriced. Sea Urin with egg and Kobe beef filet is definitely  the star dish.
Low inventory no service waste of our time went there based on posted reviews very disappointed ; (
First time here cause i thought it was a gourmet place. Had a meat skillet, GF had spinach, mushroom omelet. Minus one star cause my eggs were a little well. Other than that my mouth is watering anticipating a return visit.
Meh.. Not outstanding, not a great environment , not great staff. Dr Ghadishah is friendly enough and does take time to listen. Wait time is unacceptable (90 mins).\nVery average....
Basically the totally opposite of Newark Liberty Airport.\n\nClean and well-lit. Friendly and courteous TSA members, and fast and efficient layout and service.
I bought Biz In A Boxx twice.  Once for my son and once for a friend's son.  Both kids had incredible experiences with the product.  My friends son has the middle level and actually started a business online buying and selling rare Lego pieces!  He makes a transaction fee on each purchase and has made a small fortune!
I ate here about a month ago and found a piece of plastic in my burrito. I wouldn't go back.
There's only one thing I can say about this place... It sucks.\n\nThe food was okay, but it took forever for them to cook it... Not a pleasant experience.
Don't order from these guys 30 minute before closing they'll take your order and money not deliver your food. I never received my pizza waited to 11pm nobody show up....
Great value and taste!! Simple menu with fresh food. Wish the refilling on beverage could be better. Otherwise I'd go back regularly. Oh! Make sure you take out the jalape\u00f1o in the sandwich if you don't like too much heat.
This is a really cool indie book store specializing in all things gambling.  Really first rate selection, and worth a trip for the bibliophile in Vegas.
Great place for sports and wings.  Love the mild wings and season tots. Service was good. Open pretty late which is nice.  Tuesday's special 35\u00a2 wings.  Deal is like a sore dick, you can't beat it!
Loved the food, atmosphere, and service. I would definitely go back!
The food at Captain Steve's is the sole reason to visit -- it is terrific. I'm not sure if it is worth the noise, the crowd and the spotty, careless service that seems to stop completely right after the appetizer is delivered to the table.
The absolute best Chicago italian beef sandwich outside of Chicago bar none - i have been all over the valley trying to find anything that comes close to the real thing and Dazzo's is the only place that gets it right!
Great food, always accepts our coupons even if they are out of date.  The food is always hot, fresh and fantastic!  If you have never tried the potatoes they are a must!
Save yourself the trip and go to taco bell across the street.  Had the arroz con pollo but it tasted like ketchup con pollo.  Carnitas was dry.  Salsa was bland.
My first experience in the store will be my last experience in the store.
Townie Chic.  \n\nWeird on Saturday but likely better other nights.\n\nBest served with a few drinks.
Want to stay on the strip but you're a cheapskate? Sahara is the place for you.\n\nOld + Falling Apart + Terrible Shows =  great character.\n\nOnly problem is it's a little too far away from the heart of the strip.
It was average. Drinks were interesting and food was not as much as I expected. Overpriced for the tiny pink tacos. The meal has the restaurants title... at least make that one dish plentiful. The only thing I liked were the pickled onions on the pink taco's.
It's not really good..closest thing to cure that Olive Garden craving without making the drive if you don't have time I would assume. Prices are steep for what it is, but the food is edible. Not the best, not the worst. Service is usually mediocre and everything all together is just OK.
Excellent brunch! the breakfast burger is great but the breakfast burrito is outstanding.
Pretty clean, easy foot traffic, and a good selection of stores.
They use Passion House Coffee Roasters out of Chicago. I had a very good latte. Small location. Only one person was working, not very talkative. Overall it was great. I'd go back.
The complementary chips were a good surprise. The taco, however, was only average. I got the mahi mahi taco and it tasted bland. If I had some BBQ sauce I'd put it on. Service was very good though.
Food poisoning :(\nEating here on Saturday ruined my night and ruined my Sunday plans. not to mention i had to fly back on sunday... never again.
Horrible!!!  better Mexican food at the pool area of the Flamingo  a real disappointment  Food  and Margaritas are the worst I ever had.
I've been here a few times now. Stunning room, decent food, decent service, but could improve. I'd recommend it for people in the area, but wouldn't expect them to be blown away but the food... the best thing I've had is their guacamole.
this is the most enchanting place in all of madison.\n\ni solely wish i lived in madison for no other reason than i could come here every weekend for brunch.
Very disappointing! We went in with friends for a 20th anniversary celebration, the sushi was very thinly sliced and not top notch (as promised by our waiter...). The prices were ridiculous for the portions, but that's what you get for ordering sushi in Vegas, I guess. Will not be back. Ever.
Have season tickets and have enjoyed all the shows except for Mary Poppins, which had the equipment failure for over one hour.  Beautiful place, sound is very good and the performances have been great, especially loved the Million Dollar Quartet. \nThe negative is the parking that is provided, rude employees, and a general lack of care for the patrons.
I think this yelp thing should have a zero star that's how much I want to say for this RESTUARANT no word to explain it just there is roaches will visit u on the table while you re eating
Food was good, like all Cheddar's. However service was terrible. 24 minutes for drinks. The only time we were checked on by our waitress was when we flagged her down, however she checked on all of her other tables around us. Hmmmmm
Cozy atmosphere in the inside and lovely patio. Food and service was great both at lunch and dinner. I highly recommend saving room for dessert. I would have given it 5 stars but I just wasn't a fan of their cocktails.
I gave up on Carolina Asthma and Allergy.
Very good gelato, but they need to manage and control the line better.  People will sample 10+ flavors, and crowd the small case, which makes it impossible for anyone else to pick a flavor.  The flavor selection is good, but comparable to other gelato shops.
The food was good. We got the huevos rancheras and I give it a 4 star. The service gets about a 2 star.  our waitress sucked
Very good steaks, could be the best in Chandler. Service is good, one of the nicer steakhouses around
Worst airport I've ever been to. It's old. There's no signage. You have to walk 15 minutes off a highway with no direction to get to Terminal 2.\n\nThis airport is a dump.
Often has items out of stock. Cashiers are rude and often can't speak English. Floor employees are better than management employees. Don't bother asking them to price match, they have every excuse in the world not to bother even if it is policy.
In keeping with my promis to only review places that deserve 1 or 5 stars, here is a 1. This places blows... Is \"organic\" code for \"shitty\"? Seriously frozen pizza is better than this place.... undercooked dough, bland sauce... eesh....
Went here once and got food poisoning!!!!  Never again will I go to a chick fil a. Ended up in the hospital for 2 days with iv fluids bc I was so sick. Tasted good going down but not coming up. Customer service terrible!!!
Haha, just stood there behind another guy for ten minutes with No type of worker presence, he ate a bag of chips and we mobbed it to silver mine..if you can't be open 24hrs you should at least lock your doors..lol
The young lady that helped us was very friendly and the flavor of the pho was good. Just right across the street from my work-out place and so yummy!
Quirky interesting place!  Had brunch and there was some good live music.  My entree was chicken enchiladas verde with an egg on top and potatoes on the side.  It had excellent flavor.  The queso fundido was also good.  Good service and nice people.
Awesome store! This place has some fabulous finds. Unique, fun and well priced :)
Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Grill has the healthiest food this side of Las Vegas! I highly recommend it for people on a Gluten Free diet. They offer very tasty dishes.
Beautiful, spacious, clean park.  Great dog park area, too.
I love this place. The platters are great and the potatoes are my favorite. I also love the Greek salad and the wine selection. They also have some great appetizers.\n\nWe always get really great service whenever we are here. The wait staff is always friendly and they remember us any time we return.
What a beautiful outdoor space to have dinner. You feel as if your in a private garden, accented with fire pits and teak furnishings. Best appreciated by candle & moon light! The flavors & assortment of their menu is exceptional. Their \"coastal Italian\" is true to culture. Incredible service.
The pool is simply amazing!! Perfect for families, young 20 year olds and all the other age groups. The buffet is A+ as well. One of the best hotels you will find downtown.
Land mark
Super great place. Food was good friendly people. We ordered take out and while you waited they gave his ice tea. They alway make you feel welcome when you come in. Place is very clean. You have to come and eat here.
Excellent. Pad Thai with tofu was wonderful, lots of tofu! Got order to go and when I got it back to my vaca home it was still hot!\nFresh and tasty....
still a great show, they have changed it up a little bit.  We saw it twice this time!  Highly recommended.
Just discovered this place. Food was really good! Nothing out of the ordinary food wise but it was really good and cheap. The staff was super helpful and friendly. A great first experience. We will be back!
I have been here before and I liked it. Not impressed this time. I ordered Chicken Benito. It was not prepared as explained in the menu and chicken overcooked. Nothing is worse than overcooked chicken.
So, this is about what you'd expect when you think of a greasy-spoon diner: Nothing fancy. Nothing gourmet. Just basic, simple food. Skillets. Sandwiches. Meatloaf. Quick service. Lots of retirees. Always packed.
Stayed here in 2009\nBesides a roach being in our room and the staff providing us with spray so that we could handle the problem ourselves; it was a nice stay. The staff overall was kind and helpful and the resort was very close to the strip.
Attention to all girl, watch out for this club people stilling phone from my handbag and my friend bag too......Just when last Saturday, frist time in my life when to club and got jack from some people.
Went to RA for a birthday dinner, unfortunately they said they wouldn't do anything for it. It took about 5 minutes to get greeted then another 10 minutes just to get appetizers. Service was a little slow, however the food was good.
Great tacos.  Good energy and a personable and outgoing waitstaff.
Everything was delicious,  Service, food, ambiance.  Great!
This was an awesome experience. The drinks were stiff & the appetizers we had were deliciously prepared. Compliments to our server \"Irene\" as she was very well poised, humorous & very well informed of the menu. We received exceptional service hope to return for another magical night.
I would agree with the negative comments on this place. I can write a whole lengthy paragraph but trust me on this place. Try Sushi Loca down the street or Red Ginger. This place will be out of business and the sooner the better.
Nice and quiet hotel off the main road a lot of people miss if they not paying attention. Very clean and nice staff.
Ok! The best hash I have ever had. Their potatoes are \"bananas!\"
Great service. Love the place and Ricky is awesome. Very professional..he's the best!
hervorragende Darsteller (http://katjahirsch.de/) im St\u00fcck Mozart gesehen
You can combine different types of their specialty pies in one pizza.
Tee Pee is an old, out of date, time forgot, slice of Mexican food heaven. This is where you get the real stuff folks, not some fancy pants food network interpretation of a foie gras tamale flambe. Their salsa is perfect and the divey decor is muy authentica.
Not impressed overall chicken club was OK but the fish was not good fries and onion rings are frozen.
If you're looking to get in shape, learn self defense, or even aspire to fight professionally.. THIS IS THE SPOT! I've been here for about 4 years now. Everyone is like a big family, friendly atmosphere, no egos..
Ugh. It's just not very good and the service is lacking.\n\nGo a little further to Pete's Fish & Chips. It is worth it.
Went for lunch w/ friends and had the fish and chips, and the poutine for an appetizer. It was decent (fish was cooked well) - they were out of their tartar sauce which was kind of disappointing. Service was Ok. Good beer. Could've done without the poutine
Last night we dined at Hugo's.  This is a completely different level.  Refined staff and surroundings.  The food may be comparable, but everything else, this is absolutely superior for the money.
Now, this is a NY style pizza.\nIf I have the yearning for an east coast pie, this is my go-to place.\nBut I really have to want it.\n30 minutes for couple of re-heated slices can't be a good mantra. Well, 24 minutes- close enough!
This was my first Dim Sum experience so I don't know what to compare it against. I tried a couple different dishes, some were awesome, some were so-so. My favorite were the BBQ Pork sweet rolls.
I had their breakfast bagel and it was pretty good.
I cannot complain about a place that will deliver pupusas to our house! They also open early (at 8AM) and deliver breakfast. Eggs are always hot and the beans and platanos are always perfect. \nI have never eaten in the restaurant, only gotten delivery.
Two burritos, 3 hours later 2 sick people
So I decided to take my car to a different Firestone since I had previously purchased the lifetime alignment. They confirmed that there was no way an alignment was done on my car and gave me the documentation to prove it.  Plain laziness.
Service was good.\nLots of beer taps but they were out of a lot of them. ON A Saturday night!! \nIt was cold(temp).\nApparently you can screw up wings(twice) and Guinness
Last time I came my boyfriend ordered the Pra Ram and it was so good! We decided to come back so I can order it and this time I was so disappointed. The dish was just drenched in peanut sauce.. I tried to pick the chicken off to eat but even that was gross.
It wasn't terrible but the bagels tasted like rAw dough. They're selection isn't the greatest either. Good for a quick breakfast but I'd check out other options before going there.
Not my cup of tea. I did not like my tuna entree, despite it being somewhere around $35. \n\nI do enjoy their cocktails, and like to come to the bar for happy hour.
Had their Kalbi Tang.  Good quality, not very greasy like I've had at other restaurants.  Good Banchan.\n\nLooked to be a bit pricey on their BBQ menu, but good quality and close to TI.
Great burgers and cold beer. Horrible parking.
So so food. Atmosphere was good. No Canadian credit cards . I thought the prices were ok.
Great Sports bar. A lot of TV's, games, pool tables and plenty of room. Good beer selection. I have not ordered food from here yet, but I would. Very clean sports bar.
Been here a few times. The staff is friendly. Cool that they have tv's with cool videos? My favorite dish was the burger. Basically gave the one star rating because. Othimg exciting. Average at best in all aspects.
Fantastic customer service at lunch today.  Host was nice,  waiter very friendly and even met the manager.  Chicken with feta and spinach was great and the asparagus was perfectly cooked. Loved everything!
great atomsphere, music, food, and beer.  Here watching the NCAA Hoops Tourney.  Bookmark this place!
Service sucks!!! Waited 45 minutes for our medium size lechon kawali to go, and it wasn't even good! Servers had extremely bad attiude! Should have just gone to salo salo.
Good. The hummus was really good. Close to Homemade. \nNot enough lamb flavor in the meat. Perhaps more mutton is needed. \nGood value.
Knowledgeable! I have sensitive eyes and they have the expertise to help. Love my beautiful extensions!
Convenient location on site and easy walk to the rental vehicles.  Efficiient staff at check in and very friendly staff at return lot.  Really appreciate the greeting on the pick up lot with a bottle of cold water on a hot day.  My car wasn't as clean as some I've previously rented.
Wish I could give 0 stars.  It is clear that the good reviews are from staff. The place is as inviting as a bee hive just hit by a stick. Hopecit goes under so something decent can replace it.
Went there thid weekend. Amazing burgers. Best I have had. My husband ordered shrimp tacos, a little small. Order the burgers servers was amazing...
This location was difficult to find, there are no signs facing Central so If you never been here, as this was my first time, you just have to guess.  NOT GOOD
Pretty good place. to nice staff, friendly.  Damn good burritos. I glad they turned the stereo down when we where here it was ridiculous when we walked in.  But happy with the meal over all.  Beer is crazy priced tho! Way expensive for a dive of a bar. Oh well.
If you're a cupcake fanatic like me, you'll like this place!! Tried their red velvet cupcake (which is as big as a muffin, but very moist & awesome frosting. Gotta try this place!
The staff is awesome, very clean restaurant (especially considering the location), but the prices are little out of control.
Closes at 11:00PM on Saturday night. WTH? This is Las Vegas, for heaven's sake! We rolled in at about 10:50PM and were denied.
Indispensable poutine and burger joint in Saint-Henri. It seems they are recently closed for renovation but the place goes as authentic as it gets, not to mention it is affordable.
I hate this place. Overpriced, limited selection.
I don't understand how people think this place is good. The food has no flavor. NONE. I understand Madison is far away from the border but come on, it feels like sham to me. If you are going to advertise as Mexican food then at least put some real dishes on the menu. \nVery disappointed.
Love this place great food and great atmosphere come here all the time and never had a bad time
Always great food! For lunch I had the steak sandwich with thinly sliced onion rings. My wife had scallops with risotto.  Each dish was amazing and full of flavor.  Our service was adequate and timely. I enjoy dining here for special occasions.
Was in the area and the fam was hungry so we decided to eat here.  We have one of these back East but this time it wasn't as good as I had remembered.  Burgers weren't bad but weren't great either...
Good food, good atmosphere. Way too overpriced wine & the service was slow. If I am going to order an $11 glass of wine, I would prefer it not come out 15 minutes after I order it.
High end and very delicious.  The salads feature outstanding greens and crisp options... I have also had the burger here.  Strong!
This place is AMAZING!  The BEST sunset view in North Scottsdale! Great food and great wine! Jamie and Austin are the BOMB!! If you have never been here....what are you waiting for....go!
My favorite sandwich place in the valley! I LOVE the veggie turkey sub because it comes with vegetarian deli turkey slices and I don't know of any other place where this is available. A vegetarians dream come true!
This place is a real bbq treat. The meats are smoked just fine, the beans are perfection. Atmosphere is great, prices affordable. They offer an Impressive quality of meat and love is truly cooked into almost everything served here. The sauces are very good as well and I brought one home with me.  P
I went here to get toe nail polish and designs on all toes. They did not have many options for nail designs. I had to show a picture on my phone of what I wanted. They charged $25 for polish an designs. Seems a little steep to me. I would not recommend this place if you want some creativity in designs.
I know the design of this place is meant to be outdoors and fashionable.. but seriously Summer Vegas weather is not ideal for this place.  Aside from it being outdoors this place by far hosts the best outlets in Vegas., Very very diverse and reasonable. Design of the outlet kind of stinks but the shops are well worth it.
Good quality Tex Mex fare, in Edinburgh's wonderful Thistle Street. We summed it up: \"the best tex-mex/Mexican food we've had outside of the States, which says a lot.\"
Came here for my birthday, we were the only table. Our poor waitress couldn't handle 11 of us. Wow. Food was great though
Last night we came to Canaletto for my 30th birthday! All I have to say is delicious! Food was amazing, service was great, and the view of St. Marks square was nice too. All around great experience. We will definitely be back.
Overwhelming usage of ginger on practically everything...fried rice, noodles, orange chicken and mildly on the House special ginger chicken.  Bourbon chicken and green beans were good.
Two hispanic painters spent 3 days perfectly painting differenct shades throughout my condo, excellent preparation and prefessional in everyway! I highly recommend them in every way! Good price for perfection! Highly recommended
Great pizza. The coolest ambiance and setting in a large living room style furniture. Best thin crust in Vegas!  A must do. 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Already have my next pizza dinner at Secret Pizza planned.
They wouldn't honor a coupon for coveted parking at $7.25 a day that they send out in a mailer. The girl at the gate was not at all friendly and said that I had to have a reservation to park in a covered spot. It does not say that anywhere on the coupon
I go just for the lamb shank -- very good.
The chocolates are delicious but PRICEY. The garden was cute but the target audience is not for 20 somethings. Kids and older families would be best.
Meat was very hard like rubbery. Ordered large but it seems like small portion...just in a big bowl. Ordered egg rolls and they came out all burned. Don't go here.  Not worth the money.
Joyful for who? Or is it whom? The cook? The waiter? The guy making the money?\nIt was eh. A friend sent a link and review about this place, but to me it was nothing more than poor Americanized Chinese. Now I must have missed what I should have ordered to be Joyful.
I came back for the yellow egg noodle with seafood. It was a decent dish but not as delightful and plentiful as #91. Would definitely come back again for other items... Come with a group and you can sample more diverse items....
Friendly staff. Not sure why I continue to use the drive through. If there is a long line, it's quicker to pull into a stall and order.
Seems like it should be a lot closer in proximity from the airport.  Just to get here is like 5-7  minutes depending on number of people . It could be better location wise on site of the airport, IMO
Ordered the ribeye steak.  It's been dry aged and really yummy!  The doughnuts are also great!
I needed to buy a few items and stopped into Food City. The produce looked good and lucky for me they were having a sale! Multiple employees asked me if I needed help. Good experience.
We do't have Blizz in Boston.  Its decent.  Yogurt is fresh, and they have plenty of fresh toppings.  Solid yet unspectacular
Got this meal with a free show voucher and it was worth only slightly more than I paid for it.  Over seasoned fatty steak slopped on the plate like a cafeteria line up.  The salad/starter bar was pedestrian at best. Nice service but take a pass on the food. And stay away from the vouchers.
Burger was under cooked and the fries were not good at all.  Plus it was a bit pricey for the quality in food
Nice area, quiet, 3 separate playgrounds, 2 for my toddler that's safe enough with safety swings, and no sand which is always great. Open grass areas too. Covered picnic area so it's a good place to have a play date.
3.5 stars. Good central location, not as loud and smoky as some of the other hotels. Very comfortable and stylish rooms. The taxi valets were my favorite (they kept me safe from the CES dorks).
This is the Cirque I remember from the old days minus the big top.  Thoroughly entertaining!
Mediocre food, not bad, but definitely not great. Lacks attentive and knowledgeable service. Server lacked short term memory. Our table had to ask several times for same item.
Very good! We were not super hungry so our fabulous server Stephanie suggested we share the Carpaccio. GREAT Recommendation! Wine was perfectly paired, and she made sure we were all paid and out the door in time for our show. Highly recommended.
This is THE BEST show in Vegas right now.  Raunchy humor and amazing acrobatic performances.  Very intimate setting.  Most seats provide a great view of the stage.  This is Cirque du Soleil without the kiddie comedy.  You would be missing out if you don't see this show.
Tried this place for lunch, had the chicken burro and have to agree with the other reviewers. I wouldn't recommend Matador and am still baffled that it was packed at lunchtime.
Don't waist your time here. Service is BLAH and food is nothing special. Their happy hour food is a joke. One star for the beer and one star for their free chips and salsa.
Bad food, buffet is for $14 and my statement had a charge of $20, my friend had the same charge. \nFood was cold and not indian
I like MadHouse, but this actually isn't a review at all--I just wanted to say that when I try to access MadHouse's website, I ALWAYS get a trojan warning from my browser. I think the site is infected. I hope the owners see this!
place is ok nothing great
I tried the Carne Asade and Diablo buritto. Definitely better than Taco Bell, but not outstanding. \n\nI appreciate how they have complementary chips and salsa (and they try to keep the chips warms).
The Richardsons restaurants are fun, unique and delicious...have always been my favorite.
Pretty freakin great. The ingredients on the pizza tasted sooo fresh. The crust was way thin, which made the toppings, cheese and sauce stand out even more. We were visiting from out of state, but would LOVE to come back! Also, loved the outdoor heated seating.
Fun place to eat when your here on vacation or are in tourist mode.
This was an experience of a lifetime! I was just going to be a passenger, but I am so glad my husband nudged me to drive. SO fun!! Everyone working here was super knowledgable, safe & courteous. I loved driving on the open road & feeling that edge between safe and scary! Would highly recommend!
Today is the re-grand opening, a shaky start, but things are moving forward, lots of management presence. Place looks better staff very outgoing food is amazing!!
This was a great show it had some very talented acts and some very funny acts too. I bought the tickets 50% off  through Travel zoo worth the price it made for a great date night.  The show is not for the conservative at heart many of the jokes are suggestive and racey. My husband and I enjoyed and would recommend it to others.
I have been going to Delightful Nails for several months.   Karen is fantastic-friendly and meticulous. I have tried quite a few nail salons in this area and Delightful Nails is by far the best .
If you're drunk (we weren't) this would be a good spot.  It was just so-so to us.  The prices are very high for what you get in quality and quantity.  They also do not serve tap water, you must pay if you want to wash down your grease.
Broken rice dishes are good, portions are big but the place is really dirty and the service is horrible.
Excellent broccoli cheese soup!  Recommend the salmon sandwich too.  The salad bar had a lot of different items on it, but was missing some of the standards, i.e. black olives.  But still worth the trip and I would go back here again.
Wow. Outstanding pasta. You can tell that the pasta is made fresh daily, unlike other Italian restaurants nearby. I would give this restaurant 5 stars but I felt the decor was a bit tacky. Well worth a try.
I loved the food here! The curry appetizer dish was amazing as were all of the dipping options. I will certainly be back!
Great atmosphere, really a fun authentic experience at this place. It's all nostalgia and I was very impressed with how the waitresses were dressed. It made the whole experience into an \"experience\".
Great personality, great skill as a Barber! Definitely my 1st pick if I'm ever in Mesa AZ. Great to meet you Mickey!
Greasiest pizza I've ever tried.  Couldn't even eat it because the grease soaked through the crust and it was falling apart.  I'm from NY and I would rather eat nasty chain store pizza over this stuff!
It's a buffet with lots of people, with lots of hands and arms reaching over food that you're eventually going to eat if you go here.. Food is so-so. I'll pass on buffets from now on.
The dining room was fairly busy, the servers had the production line system going (one seats you, one takes your order, another delivers your order, etc...)  It was me, my wife and my daughter.  The service was about what would be expected speed wise and the food was good.  I would go here again.
Great price for pedicure.... Very genuinely nice people here. Took me right away. More people should come here. Good prices for this area. Saved at least 10$ than from going across the street to paradise nails !
Cute place, very nice inside. The people were friendly and the food wasn't bad. I wish they put more meat in the curry that we ordered. There were probably 3 strips of beef in the curry. The flavor was good, but wish there was more. The appetizers weren't bad.
The food is amazing. Pricey... But good. \n\nThe person taking my order however... Well... Thats another story. :(
Service is great. Fries are nice. Burgers are just ho hum. I don't get why everyone praises this place.  It's a bit high priced for what you get.  Servers are nice.  And they don't have any fat chicks, that's a plus
Their Vegas Rolls are the best I've had!! Pretty quick service but they do need to hire some new waitresses because they can be rude at times but there are a couple that are the greatest and they know who they are!!
There is something great but terrible about this place. I love the unusual decor, but the polarizing music and slow service bring it down. The food and drinks were also different (in a good way) but a little bland. \n\nThis could be an amazingly strange restaurant, but it's just not there yet.
Disappointing that live band karaoke started at 11:00 when it was advertised to start at 9:30.
Love this place. One of the best Korean BBQ restaurants in the Phoenix area. They have excellent service and the private karaoke rooms are a blast, especially if you have a group. Just be aware of the soju, it'll creep up on you.
Best take out I've had in vegas so far after trying probably 15 different places. Szechuan chicken is my favorite and the prices are dirt cheap here. Hope it stays open cuz all the yuppies flock next door to cafe Rio without even a look to this place.
Think of it as a Taco Bell that serves beer. Had the cheese enchiladas, not bad at all. Rice was meh, beans okay. Service at the counter was friendly. Atmosphere much cooler than the Bell.
Great pizza but the service is horrible had to wait 20 mins after my stated early delivery time and they acted like it was no big deal. Great pizza and wings service is poor
I'm always a fan of the Priory.  Fantastic selection and everything always seems very fresh, as in same day fresh.  Prices seem fair and the customer service is always great.  A fantastic establishment on the North Side!
HIghly recommend! Love everything from brunch to salads to dessert. We love to order take out from here as well. Thanks Metropolis!
Food was very good! Had the stuffed sopapillas and chimichanga farmer style with christmas sauce.  Service was excellent. Loved the 3 different salsas that came with the chips.
This particular location is filthy,disgusting and horrible. If you don't mind these things you'll have a great time.
We waited two hours for our dinner.  They did not care! And even when we got our food it wasn't made to our taste. The waiters were running around like they didn't know what they were doing. I would never go there... Unless you want to starve.
Ehh. The milkshakes & service was great, but the food was average. & it's really cold inside
French toast bagel is a must try!\nvery good! and it really does taste like French toast.\nI am amazed.\nHowever, requested toasted but it's not really toasted. so minus one stars
$16 for burger and fries. I was expecting something awesome and this wasn't even close. I had the Carolina burger, which didn't resemble the taste or flavors I have had in north or South Carolina.   However, the  sweet potato fries were winners.
A pretty good selection of shops and to people watch. It is cheaper to drink and watch a game there than the nearby restaurants.
Yum!  Great fresh baked goods in the Fitchburg hood.
Love the pizza! Would have given more stars if my waitress Sarah weren't so bad. Terrible service!
Nice and cozy. Conveniently located. Just park and fly. Looking forward to getting some good use out of this place.
Food is very good and cheap. Extremely limited parking. Call ahead so you don't have to wait 25 mins for your food because everything is made to order.
I've been going to Marcedes for more than a year. My hair was thinning and shedding, she had worked a miracle. My hair is now very healthy and shiny. Marcedes is always very prompt and extremely professional. If you want a professional, clean and attention to detail stylist Marcedes!!
Can I give 0 stars? That's what this place deserves. Poor sanitation practices, the owner was ease dropping on my conversation with friends and just started laughing randomly and put herself in our conversation. Go next door to D's for better food and service! Food is way overpriced!
We picked up a pair of sandwiches on the way to A's spring training and it was definitely better than what The A's were offering inside.
Came here because of sushi and crab legs. Crabs were fine, but sushi was nit that great. It's a clean and newer restaurant though if that means anything :/
Only went because it was free. Food was good but not great. Fillet undercooked. Asked if we prefered bottled or tap water and then charged $8 for a bottle of FIJI water. Au Gratin potatoes were great. Service was good. Glad It was on the house.
Great green curry with tofu, awesome spicy eggplant with beef; more food than the two of us could finish; and with (adult) beverages, tax and tip, still around $30.  We'll be back.
Very good for a chain, I mean the Shaniac is magical.. when it comes to pulled pork though, my preference would be Pork on a Fork..
I called Fred on a Saturday with an emergency at one of my buildings.  He was at the building in 30 minutes and solved the problem within an hour.  Great plumber, reasonable prices.  Highly recommended!
Has needs - trash cans - benches - amphitheatre
Yummy soups and sandwiches. Almost reminds me of a Panera Bread (For those of you from the East coast). Came here for lunch one day and the food was ready quickly. Very pleased with everything. I would definitely go here again.
best 300$ dinner i have ever had
How does a fast food joint get four stars?? This is when I know not to take Yelp seriously. This garbage is the epitome of, well garbage. Gross!
A friendly waitress with a smile gives it a second star.   It's hard to be real in a airport... But at least pretend to serve warm wood.
Good, fast and inexpensive Mexican food.
waiters were snobs.\n\nmusic was horrible!--sorry am not a country music fan.\n\noverall, a disappointment...and i was so excited, too.
Went in on a Thursday afternoon. Found enough cute stuff to try on for at least three trips to the fitting rooms -- and brought home a full bag of goodies for under $100. Also, staff was super friendly. \n\nI'll definitely go back.
LOBSTER EGGS BENEDICT!  Im leary of eating seafood in breakfast joints....so yummy ! Nice staff & rapid service !
What an insanely rude group of people.\nEven the Gold counter. I inquired about possible upgrades and waiving the 1 hour $15 charge. Totally rude rude.
Extradinary place highly recommend a little pricey but beautiful, tour is 90 minutes.
Communication issues... Bunch of rednecks around this place. A word of warning. Ask for your credit card back because the cashiers just forget it and then if you call back they pretend to have returned it to you...
Well just your average pub but, the food was decent and I like that they have more than one type of frie there. The service was sooo slow though. I am unsure why they have such bad and lost help, they must be hiring friends and family because this town has a lot of unemployed people that can do a lot better.
We were here for a post rehearsal dinner party, great beer, delish mixed drinks, great for groups.
Perhaps it was the busiest day of the year but the service was horrible. 12 minutes before anyone even came to our table and beverages were always empty. \n\nThe sushi was just okay. Feels like due to thanksgiving, shipping fresh fish was backed up. The salmon was mushy and the flavor was light.
Great product and service!! The product was great quality, and delicious. I love the concept, make whatever you want for $8. And they have beer and wine, another great add for pizza! They also make salads, again anything you want for $8. Fired Pie just won over our pizza nights.
I have never had an english muffin like theirs! Absolutely amazing.  The food is high quality and you can tell the difference.  The only problem is finding seating.
My favorite place to eat in Vegas! \nMy favorite is the Greek Crepe and I like to add pesto:)  cappuccinos are delish and so are the mimosas!  Its all Yummy! Great family owned Restaurant and service\nIs a thumbs up.\nA must try.
Hands down Nate is da bomb!!! No hassle, no haggle! Would definitely buy another car from Nate. In and out in 2 hours! Too good to be true?! We will see February 1! For now, I'm completely satisfied  with him and Earnhardt Caddy
Great food, love the pimp n fries however they cook burgers well done and won't accommodate medium so I find the meat a little drying.  Other than that, everything is very tasty
We stopped in for a bite on our way into town. The bacon, egg and cheese croissant was unique and tasty, and the Kronut was melt in my mouth good. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Very busy little place so seating was hard to come by mid morning. Some tables outside would be a nice addition.
First time and last time.  They couldnt get the order right twice and had to go back when they failed to incluede part of the order.  They threw in a free appetizer for my troubles.  Food was average at best.  Skrimps on rice compared to every other place I've been to in town.
Good gyro meat. Tzatziki is good.
I am just getting back into yoga after having two children and found a really fabulous class and instructor in Karen's Anusara classes at Northwest. A really great environment, amazing teacher and a community of people who are genuine and kind. I only wish I had found it earlier!
Delicious food! The concierge at the Ritz Carlton told us about this place. I had the hangar steak and it didn't disappoint! If you want French with generous proportions, you need to try this restaurant.
Amazing falafel! I was greeted by a kind and helpful man. The ingredients were all really fresh and you could customize to your liking. Super happy I found this place so close to home. They will know my name soon.
Errrrrr, definitely NOT the best Wendy's in Crown town. Adequate......
Pizza was ok.  Not the best or worst I've had.  Pizza was pretty greasy for me.  Salad was good and their Italian dressing is what did it.  I'd go back.  Probably not for their pizza, but I'd try a sub.
Food wasn't good. It had overcooked hamburgers and undercooked fries. Server was sweet but not very good. Only plus was milkshakes above avg and food came quickly.
They really don't know how to do latte.  They run milk foaming for more than 2 mins.  Disappointed.
Although I have been dining here for years and am sure have written a review, I feel compelled to add another after last night's New Years Eve dinner.   We usually avoid holiday dinners out as the restaurants usually cannot handle the increases numbers.   Not so here!   The food was superb, service more than acceptable and a bargain to boot!
Great ice cream! Probably one of the best in Montreal. They are only open during the summer and serve only ten flavors but they are all delicious
The server offered a taster, but took it to another table. After 20 minutes, we had to flag down a different server to get a beer.
They do a pretty good Houston's impersonation. Highlight is the roasted chicken.
Very expensive for it (my hot fudge Sunday) to be served in. Plastic cup & spoon.  What happen to the large glass goblets & metal spoons?
I used the Yelp deal for this. I ordered Cassava Leaves w/FuFu & a couple of Pof Pofs. The food was good and tasty.
Service is great, however the meals are not always consistent. My mother is the fan!
I give it 5 because anyone bringing $7 pho to the west valley is great in my book.  I like to start with the crispy fried rolls and sometimes a banh mi with my pho and I'm all set.
Great place to sit outside, grab a late dinner, and watch the crowds on the strip.  The burgers are pretty good - probably not worth ten bucks in most parts of the country, but, hey, location, right?
Phoenix should be known for great Mexican food, but most of the places offer the same average stuff.  This one is an exception.  \n\nService is always great, and the food matches.\n\nThe area this place is in seems a bit sketchy sometimes, but the food makes it all worth it.
If you saw Forte on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives just know it is everything you would hope it is. Do not leave Vegas without visiting Forte.
This is unbelievable food and the service is wonderful!!!\nDefinitely try this place out!!
Absolutely the best veterinary clinic that I've ever been to. Dr. Mike is wonderful with ali his patients and he explains everything prior to doing anything any procedure. Aftercare is explained in detail and will definitely be back..
Was not expecting this place to be so good. The best way to describe it would be a crepe ice cream cone.  The crepe is soft and creates a crepe burrito stuffed with ice cream and various other goodies. I am definitely a fan of this place.
A convenient local deli which quickly serves up both hot and cold sandwiches. It's open late.
Awesome place, my daughter and I go here a lot.  Love the bobba and the ice cream!  The staff is great and you can draw on the chalk board walls
Bartender super unfriendly, Rhonda was her name. Said tourists ask too many questions. Had nachos they were ok. Customer service horrible.
Yummy food, very clean, great atmosphere and decorating. Chayo team - thanks so much for having us - we had a great time. Our server Chad was knowledgeable and the rest of management and even back of the house was so nice and accommodating!
This place is over priced and the sandwiches are not that great. I paid extra for avocado and seriously got one sliver on each side of my sandwich, total rip off. Don't waste your time subways better than this place.
They need to work on freshness , presentation and company standard but still a taste of home
Very Good, but below our top tier.  Appetizers may have been the best we've had at a steakhouse.  Steaks were very good, but not quite up to the best of the best.\n\nNo Som and the wine selection was decent.
I travel a lot and like going to the Barrio's Cafe in the Phoenix airport.  Problem is... my advocacy is loosing momentum with each visit due to the servers spending more time complaining about their job and co-workers than paying attention to creating a vibe worthy of repeat. Please get back on track.
Love the food and the service! Stephan our server really took care of us. If u love tapas then u have to check out this place. Definitely gastronomic !!!
Only had a take out but still had a great experience. The host was very good and funny!! The food was great too!
I was very disappointed in this restaurant. After reading so many reviews, I was  having a  high hope to find another good Japanese restaurant in Madison. Sadly the food is very bland, the sushi is not fresh at all. We ordered sushi for two and you can see some of the meat are cooked due to microwave defrosting.
Soggy crust, sloppy pizza, bland sauce \nSeems they're more worried about pumping out pizzas than quality. \nAlso, we waited inside for 10 minutes for our pick-up order because the guy working there didn't realize out pizzas were already done and sitting on the counter.
Thank G for YELP pointing out good places. Really authentic Mexican good, great location with a BIG patio, fun crowd, good service.    And prices are reasonable.    All good.
I can confirm, best happy hour in the land.  Cool bartenders.  Cozy little bar area.  Tasty happy hour menu.\n\nParking sucks after 6pm on weekend nights though, just a heads up.
The Mojitos were decent, but the bar food left much to be desired. It's a nice spot to wait for your flight, but you won't be impressed by the food even when considering the low airport standards.
This is a outdoor shopping area.  Great shops.  Beautiful spot to stop for brunch and then go shopping!!!  Great addition to Vegas to get away from the Strip!
I've been trying to call for days now and not once have they answered their phones. How am I supposed to set an appointment if I can not get in contact with anyone.
Expensive average food. Not worth it when there are so many other options in the area. \n\nDon't get the chicken strips. You will find better and cheaper at the market!
Very good food and you can't beat the price. One of my favorite places to eat for lunch.
Went looking for a few things for the new house. Wasn't approached at all by any staff. Even though a lot were looking directly at me looking completely lost. Ended up just going to Wal Mart where I know where everything is. Could've been different if i wasnt getting the cold shoulder and wasn't offered any help
AJ & Vine made a good team and did an excellent job inside and out on our windows which included sun screens. No mess to clean up, very presentable workers and good communication. Thank you, Kerry
Love: skinny Carmel latte~ Carmel java chip frappaccino ~ egg salad sandwich ~ Caprese panini \nThe rewards program also offers decent perks.
I've been going to Gold Bar for about a year now. They have a lot of different special mochas that i enjoy and they don't mind modifying orders to my preference. The place could use a little remodeling but I don't mind the current state.
This is the perfect lunch fix. The strawberry salad is light and filling at the same time. The menu is local and it has a different small town feel than the other packed restaurant chains around.
This restaurant is ridiculous.  Made reservations for New Years eve, (my birthday).  Did the first reservation of the night (like 5 pm).  I ordered the lobster.  They were \"out\" of lobster, on New Years eve, first reservation of the evening.  What we did have, sucked.  NEVER again.
I had a problem with a purchase. Nick went above and beyond to fix the problem. This is an exceptional company with exceptional products. I highly recommend Yahara Bay Distillers.
Thought I was going to die here from taking in all of the fumes......
Don't come here i thought I would be given priority for having an appointment and i was early for it. Been waiting for hours for a simple strep test. You can tell they don't care about their patients and the waiting room is filthy.
I couldn't love this store more! location is great and there is so many selections to choose from along with the massive amounts of fresh flowers brought in weekly
This hotel is perfect for the budget-minded visitor. Being a holiday week, almost every hotel was booked solid. The room was small but clean, free wi-fi, and a free breakfast at Denny's was included in the room rate. A great deal!
this is the best night club ever! way better than XS
Sammiches, Simpsons, and brownies, oh-my!\n\nWhenever friends from out of town visit, this is one of the first spots I take them to.  The sandwiches are awesome, and the environment is laid-back.  The \"Mary Jane\" theme is just an added bonus ;)
Forget about other nearby locations for breakfast. This is the place.  Delicious Belgian Waffles, Smoked Salmon plate and the most beautifully cooked poached eggs I've ever eaten. Service outstanding from everyone here.  Good ambiance.  Been here twice for breakfast.  Will definitely  be back to try lunch and dinner.
The food was very good and so was the service. When I did not like the taste of my salad they took it off the bill. I would recommend this place in the forum shops.
Really cute little boutique with great little Anthropologie finds without the hefty price tag. the staff is nice, but not pushy. The dress I bought for $69 won me several compliments and \"where did you get that?\"\nI will be back for sure.
The prices are way too high and the food is bad. You have been warned!
I was not impressed with this place. Host seemed inexperienced. Water and tea has a musty taste. Salsa was too chunky. Waited a long time for check. I had a taco salad with beef asada. The beef had good flavor. The staff was friendly.
I tried them out with Living Social and they were fabulous.  Leo was friendly, safe and most important On TIME!!!  I highly recommend them.  When I landed, he was already waiting for me at the airport.  Great for drop offs and pick ups from the airport.
Good, solid, stick-to-your-ribs German food here. Can be a bit pricey, but worth a visit. Check out the nice little bier garden on a spring day.
I have eaten at wildflower in flagstaff. It was wonderful. I decided to try this one and it wasn't even like the same restaurant. Worst meal I've had in some time. Bread was under toasted ,bacon fatty ,very little lettuce      Bad experience !!!!!
First off they gave our table to another group of 7 knowing we were waiting. They were getting it ready for us and they sat the wrong group.. Not us.. Then my food came out last.. And I mean LAST. My group was done with their food when I finally received mine. Very disappointed
Absolutely excellent. Awesome staff, amazing drink specials, and a killer arcade.  A must stop in Old Town.  So dope.
I'm sad to report, I had to come back to Harvil's :(\n\nI still trust them and their work, and am happy to know that I have found a place that can assist me in these awful situations at a reasonable price!\n\nThanks again guys !
Best affordable wine list in the valley. The food is fantastic and the service is even better. Love this place. Think I'll go there for lunch today :)
Its a Subway what more is there to say....its food, nothing to die for but fills me up when I am hungry
Fantastic spot for a ladies' lunch.
I can only imagine that most of the 4-5 star reviews here were written by drunken-late-night vacationers staying at the Tuscany.  We had a poorly prepared breakfast with weak coffee and limited service - cannot recommend.
Great food! Great Service by Theresa! Great Atmosphere! Loved everything about it! Beware it is 21 & Over ONLY! I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
Fries and shakes are the only this I liked about this place. Both my husbands and my burgers were dry and seriously lacking flavor. Service was terrible as well.
I am not a coffee drinker!!!! But my wife is and she has me stop a couple times a week! I love everyone's attitude there. I do get the Rebel Green Tea. Great drinks, good ppl, wonderful experience!
food is ok to good - place is dirty - understaffed - one benefit is that you can bring in Alcohol
I really enjoyed this place, I got one too many berry mojitos and a vegas roll. No time to wait for a table on a Sunday night! I'll come back again soon!
Tried the brisket the other day, and it was excellent.  Juicy and tender, it's a definite re-order.  They put the sauce on top, next time I'll ask them to put it on the side, so I can just eat some brisket by itself.
Food is indistinguishable from any of the Chinese spots you can order by meal numbers.  Therefore, it's overpriced. I wouldn't mind paying what I did if it was a good meal but it wasn't memorable.
I've been Vegas for 6 yrs and this place has definitely changed. They have all the right stores in here, all the more affordable stores. I always find what I'm looking for when I go there.
I think other reviewers are being a little too picky for a mall nail salon! They were fast and attentive! I would totally go back again. If you are just looking to get a mani/pedi or basic waxing this is your place
Extremely hard to find a clean table and it was made worse by all the staff standing around not bussing tables fast enough. Once we finally got a table our server was fast and efficient. \n\nThe chicken quesadillas were good and fresh but they only tossed a tiny handful of chips on the plate.
The food here was pretty decent, on par with Bellagio. However, they lacked some of the diversity of the other hotels. They did offer cotton candy, which was a little bizarre as I took it from them, but it was actually fun. Overall, I would recommend it despite it's lack of diversity based upon its quality.
Wasabi ahi tuna\nBBQ mahi\n\nBoth were outstanding. My boss got the carne ones and those were better than the salmon ones.\n\nHighly recommend. 2nd time there Nd definitely not the last.
First time ordering from here.  Looking for a good Chinese restaurant.  Food was good but delivery took an hour and a half!  If I order from here again, I'll just pick it up.
Hubby told me its like the best pizza ever but I don't feel like it.\nI like other much cheaper pizza than this.
This place is a dump!  The aides spend more time gossiping with each other and their favorite patients, while those of us with real needs are ignored.  Often I had to beg for pain meds when they were way overdue.  This place should be closed down!
The husband and wife owners are wonderful people and every dish is great. I recommend the spicy lamb gyro and fries.
Great restaurant, love it! Happy hour is the bomb! Definitely recommend the Asian nachos and the sweet potato fries.
Overrated is the first word that comes to mind here. Often crowded, very few vegetarian/vegan options and a hit-or-miss wait staff. The major pro here: showcasing local, Wisconsin ingredients!
Great location in the Strip District!  Clean, friendly, and just overall very nice.  I work at another Hampton Inn and this will be my hotel of choice when I go to Pittsburgh again!  Free breakfast and free wi-fi... What more could you want?!
I always order from this place never had a problem but a few days ago I was double charged and they keep telling me to wait a few more days if I don't are my money back in my account I will never order from there again
The food is good but the wait is always way too long. Anytime of day they are slow. There's no reason to go to Filibertos cause there are other places nearby.
This place makes the best latte I've ever had. I miss it so much after I graduated. Hot/iced latte, macchiato, berry tart, sfogliatelle are my favorite~
I absolutely loved everything about this place!!! The customer service. The atmosphere. The food and drinks.... It makes me feel comfortable and safe. The feeling of a real down to earth coffee shop experience. Thank you!!!
Although the staff is friendly, and the interior looked promising, as did the crowd, this brewery could do with a decent Chef to create tastier food.   The micro-brews were so-so.    Four Peaks wins by miles and miles.
Great, inexpensive food. The only downside is the limited seating, but I suppose that's part of its charm.
The manager Samantha is the most unprofessional person I have ever met in my life. She is unhelpful rude and a bitch. If they hired new management it would be a great store
Terrible service. Terrible food. We ordered the bruschetta and it was missing balsamic vinegar. It was so bland. We ended up leaving after the appetizer because we were so bothered by the smokers and the food we saw didn't look appetizing.
Worst service!!.. Me and my friend went to the place for lunch on week day and it took forever to get our order.
Have never been before but had heard good things about it, so tried it out.  It was enjoyable....not as good as some of the Mexican restaurants I recently experienced in California, but I'd say better than the Mexican chain restaurants you see on every corner.  The food was good, service was fast and it seemed like a popular spot.
The food was just okay. Super greasy from the lard in the beans and meat was not of good quality. The tortillas they used were very good though. But because if the grease pouring out of my burrito I couldn't eat it.
Dive bar filled with perverts and heroin addicts. Looks like an Intervention Convention. Bartenders are weathered and bitter. Food tastes bad and they charge way too much considering they are a dive bar and not a nightclub.
We had to make a very last minute birthday cupcake run, and Caked was able to help us out! Best flavors are passionfruit and guava. A bit on the pricey side, but that's because these are high quality cakes.
Sometimes service is slow.
Got food poisoning here today. I have been here before and have been satisfied. Today though I got the biscuits and gravy with eggs. Since then I have been vomiting all day. Very upset this is keeping me in the house on a Saturday
Got 2 rolls - one the steak choices the other was create your own - was able to get half roll one protein and the other half a different type of protein for $15
Using Homer's for nearly 10 years now, always great job for my 10+ year old cars. My ex-gf liked them too: they refilled her steering oil without charging her.
Blonde girl at vacuuming station was rude, cussing loudy, completely unfriendly. Steering wheel was still dirty and they destroyed my window decal without an apology. Worst car wash experience ever.
I LOVE this place I'm a little addicted haha the pizza is too good and the people that work there are very friendly! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic, great tasting pizza! I'm so sad they don't deliver :(
Tried to get a menu faxed to my house. And they could not do so, and just hung up on me. Very poor customer service.  I've never been hung up on  by a restaurant before in my life. THEY SUCK!
Nice vibe, ambiance and music. Steaks had great flavor but both were over cooked and fillet was a bit dry and grainy. Pricey - $14 for 1cup of mashed potatoes. Overall good but not a big contender with other Steakhouses on the Strip.
Love everything about this place! Fresh amazing food!
Staff are nice. I don't like much of the selection but my husband swears on the fried rice.
This place isn't much of a 'secret' thanks to Yelp. I'm glad for that because we were able to find this little pizza place on our first night in Vegas. Delicious pizza! Totally worth the wait.. Thanks Yelpers for the pics, because we were able to find it!
Total lack of customer service. The cook saw me standing there for 5 minutes waiting to order and just stared at me while talking to the girl that was supposed to be working the front.
Kim is amazing. She is definitely different from the average corner nail salon. Her atmosphere is welcoming and calm. Close to downtown Scottsdale lots of places within walking distance. Always has great deals going on. Please check her out.
Great ambience, friendly staff. Cincy style chili and homemade rootbeer floats.
Wow very surprised to see a great quality food in a food court , very tasty Barbacoa and guacamole !!!!! Wow
Wow, I feel bad for this hotel.  The gnarly people gamble here.  This review is just for the overall experience of coming here for a show.  NOT staying in a room.\nThe bathroom in the casino is clean.  \nThat is about all I can say good about this place.  Wow!
Rooms are nice. Floors are kind of dirty. Pools are nice, but a bit cold. \nKids activity pool is great but doesnt get sun all day because its between 2 Buildings. So even though its 100\u00b0+ out the water and the shade is a little chilly.
Excellent service, great food. Nachitos came out and made me laugh, as the name implies that they are small. They are not. Great fajitas too.
Love this place. My husband and I were in the mood for shaved ice and stopped here. Kevin was very nice and let us sample some of the most popular flavors. The prices are great for the amount of shaved ice you get. I love the free topping choices!
I've actually dealt with the owner and he sure was arrogant about his business when you ask him about the prices. Over priced and he tells you to go somewhere else for there are others who would pay the price. \nWe'll guess what, it only takes one person to be insulted and starts the news.
I normally don't come to Walgreens to buy anything as they are more pricey then Walmart, but I do like that this is very convenient and close to my house. The times I've gone the store is clean, organized and quiet. Never really had a problem finding the item that I went in to buy.
Nice staff.Dirty. There was fecal matter on my shower curtin. Cleanliness is not a priority here.  Hotwire is the reason for all my problems. I will never do name your own price.
If you are gluten intolerant or Celiac, avoid this place. The servers are ignorant of our condition and will swear there's no wheat in things. I'm not Celiac, so it has only taken me four days to recover from the nachos.  They would have put my dad in the hospital.
Pancakes were really good.\nBreakfast potatoes were just okay.\n\nWouldn't go out of my way to eat here but it wasn't bad either.
So disappointed we came back for the freshly shaved prime rib and it was a nuked piece of greasy beef. Staff was great sad for them.
This restaurant is a rip off.  $10 for a beer?!?!!!\n\n$10.00 for a burrito?  It was not worth it flavor wise, size wise, value wise.\n\nThe service was good, they just need to have a heart machine for when they bring the bill.
Kids had a great time. The lodge and water area are pretty clean since it's only 2 yrs old. We got the kids cabinn suite since we were a family of 5 and it was perfect. I would recommend as a weekend family trip, not much longer.
Time for Jason's to move toward NON-GMO's. The organic blue corn chips is a good start. Come on...do it!
Very  friendly service and suprisingly good food.  We had the gyro and thought it was as good as anywhere else.  For getting there 5 min before closing the food was fresh and not old tasting.  Only issue was no green salad stuff on the wrap.  I would definately eat here again.
It's a great place. They make you feel gpod.
Excellent bun to Patty ratio! Great flavor and everything homemade. My favorite burger place:)
My family have been going to freeds since I can't remember. Every birthday , holiday ect... And just for fun. We love freeds. There is nothing I can say except we love it.
Best service ever !!!! My iPhone looks brand-new and Clinton was awesome!!! customer service was great very nice company recommend them to everyone I'm also getting my iPad mini fixed. reasonable prices my phone was ready in 15 minutes best service ever in Las Vegas definitely definitely go to them for any repair needs!!!!
Lovely place for a date or dining w friends, especially the lounge seating; or I love the patio seating. Fine wines, but the orange blossom martini is too hard to pass up. Delicious mussels if you like lots of garlic and the pizzas are tasty!
Iron Chef Bobby Fray's restaurant.\nRecommend \"Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno\" with roasted eggplant, manchego cheese, red pepper sauce, balsamic vinegar.
Not too bad.  A little bit of a hole-in-the-wall Chinese buffet. Reasonably priced. I got it to go and took it back to my room at the Embassy Suites.
weak ass fucken dancers!!!! Girls didn't even dance on the pole, they just walked around. And $33 for the cover. KISS ME ASS!
Great room (1 bedroom suite) overlooking the strip. Clean, comfortable, great style. Good deal. \n\nHowever I realized I'm not young, hip, or drunk enough to hang with the crowd here.
It's the best Korean BBQ restaurant in the whole entire world!
It was a great hotel. It's not luxury but it was very quiet and clean. The staff was nice and very helpful, I would stay here again. You are around the corner from the strip so it's perfect and a mile from the convention center. It's super cheap too, can't beat it.
While living in Pittsburgh, I ate at many Primanti's, but this was my neighborhood location. Wife and I used to go there to watch games, or just hang out at the bar. Super awesome staff, hella cheap beer, great food....just wish they'd ban smoking inside.
Awesome food.  Tara was a great server!  AC needs to be turned lower. Our group of 5 was very hot. Waiter at next table sweating pretty much the entire time we were there. Come here often and first time we had this issue. We definitely will return and not let this deter us.
Friendly & great service.  It is a 30 minute ride for me but well worth it!
i had a lousy piece of barely seasoned salmon over pasta and my wife had some bacon flavored garbage.....do not recomend this place unless u want phoney Italian
We always order the burger with bacon and top it off with a scrambled egg. The shakes are very good. Each time we go it seems to get better
The waiter tried to screw us up. Party of 3, added 20% gratuity on top of the bill, then presented only the credit card ticket to sign with tip line highlighted. Will never go there again.
Good food , atmosphere and service. But $38.43 before tip, for two omelets with breakfast potatoes, and two beverages is just too expensive. If you want toast....that's an extra charge!
Gotta love this iconic Vegas sign with the flashing lights at night.
Used to love Mimi's but not a fan of the new menu in the least. I like new items but to totally re create the menu and not leave the classic favorites seems silly. Disappointed
Took my clean dress pants here to get altered.  The alterations were fine, thats why the two stars, however just make sure you pay for the cleaning of your clean clothes if you want them back clean.  They will deny to all ends that it was your own fault. Disappointed after the good reviews.
SO good.  Wish this place was closer to our home, we'd be there once a week.
ghetto artists expensive go somewhere else
Food was ok, though overpriced. Service was horrible. We had the pleasure of being served by the rudest waitress\never (Josie). I'm sorry if you're unhappy with your job, don't take it out on me. Definitely not going back.
food is ok, but service is very slow!
This is actually located on the corner of alma school and Elliot. Brenda is the best!! I've had my hair cut and colored many times by many different stylists. I have very high standards and she meets them all! She does great work and charges a reasonable price!
The hot and sour soup was just plain awful.  The soup was cold, and the base tasted like burnt mushrooms.  The dan dan noodles are without a doubt one of the worst things I've ever eaten -- mushy noodles with a sauce sweet enough for pancakes.  Never again.  This place sucks!
I bought a coupon and am looking forward to using it, BUT, every time I call the number provided  to make a reservation, no one answers. What gives?
I could have made it better myself. It was so generic. The fried rice seemed like days old. The hot and sour soup lacked depth. I would not waste my money again on this place.
Bad attitudes and rude behavior from both employees, one was the manager. I'll be avoiding this McD's from here on out.
Wonderful pasta. And the meatballs were sublime if meatballs can be characterized that way. We could never get into the New York, location, but Las Vegas is way bigger and more accessible.
I love spam and eggs. Biscuits serves them and gives vets a 10% discount. Good enough for me.
Someone just brought in a tray of sandwiches from ike's and I'm in love! The bread looked heavenly but I skipped the bread and ate the insides of what I believe were the \"sometimes I'm a vegetarian\" & \"Reggie Jackson\" & I'm definitely adding this spot to my regular lunch list!
Price is fine for a $5 foot long...but bread was undercooked. That's a first.\n\nBread was falling apart (Italian) and was not the same quality that I'm used to.
Came here for a work lunch. Good, old fashioned,home cooking. I have also been to brunch here. Overall the food is good, the atmosphere- I really like, and the service is good. Somewhere I recommend coming, although you aren't missing anything if you don't stop by...
I come here once in awhile for their tres leches cake - amazing!!  I ordered my daughter's birthday cake here, and it turned out AMAZING!  It was reasonably priced, too!
By far my favorite thin-crust takeout pizza available in the area, and an overall good value. The quality cheese and crust make the pizza!
A thespian's dream...\nVery few bad seats in house...\nEasy to get to!
It may be a little pricey than other nail salons, but I've been coming here for 5 years with no problems. Quick pedi and leave and full treatment with hot stone massage and paraffin treatment. great at waxing too. They remember you and your name and and all super friendly!
Good product and service, but $275 for a cut and color, Ouch!!
Had a wonderful dinner and excellent service.  Mu shu veggie was delightful as was the orange chicken and fried rice.  My daughter is 9 and was treated like royalty.  Great local place as well. We found this place on yelp
Do NOT order a bowl of anything here...the bowl is very tiny and costs $5.  The manager even said that the size of the bowl is just a cup.
Like most food establishments in this part of Tempe, the price is right.  The sandwiches are pretty good too.  My one complaint is the lighting.  I'm not supposed to look green under any lighting.
This small mom and pop shop has homemade hummus that is so good. Try their hummus platter which comes with garlic lemon, roasted red pepper, jalepeno  and artichoke hummus! \nIf you're not into hummus they have a very tasty howashi sandwich!
It's been years since my band and I recorded here, but I couldn't forget the experience if I tried. Aside from the crude child rape joke that made me want to knock the hell out of our producer, the work in general was very lazy. I wouldn't record at Full Well if the time was free.
Horrible... Panda Express / PF Chang type food.  I was sick in the bathroom from five bites. Totally disappointed. Service was worse than turn and burn... $200 later. Sent two dishes back too. Skip the restaurant, but definitely go to the night club.
It was our first time and it was delicious , I can't even explain the taste was so fresh and waitress was very nice. We had pancakes and French toast the best we have ever had!!!
Best barbecue place I've found in Pittsburgh.
This place used to be nice when it was a station casino.  My husband and I went to the Fridays today.  The last time we were at the casino was months ago.  The bathrooms used to be clean and now they are filthy! So gross.
I've had worse pizza, but not much. And the way they have the line set up, your slice is cold by the time you finish paying. On the positive side, they do offer a fresh fruit cup for a healthy dessert.
Service is excellent.  Every time.  Food is just ok.  The brisket is totally juicy and fabulous but everything else I have had there is just ok.  They have a gluten free menu which is nice.  Honestly though I just go back because its convenient,  They need some more exciting menu items.....
Is this place going out of business? Another day, we really felt like Hogs Heaven.. Called  and they were close for 4 days!? WHAT? :((( Sad and disappointed!
Food is still good, maybe even better. The service is still the same, actually even worst. I still give the food 4 to 5 stars but service is negative 4 to 5 stars.
This place is hard to get to but that was not an issue. The atmosphere is super cute and they were very friendly. They seemed to be short staffed that day but still had a good time.\n\nThe country friend steak and eggs were delicious. I had been craving that and it hit the spot!
slow service....not what people want in an airport.  When we asked about a particular souvenir mug, the cashier just shrugged and pointed to the small display that we had already looked at.  We left without coffee, and without a mug!
Went for the All you can eat sushi for $25. Salmon skin was outstanding. Does not include all the rolls but does include sashimi. Will definitely be going back. Some else posted a picture of what is included from 2012 but it is the same in 2014.
Had been here in the past and was definitely disappointed.  My last visit a week or two ago was a welcome improvement.  They still have a few things to improve but are seemingly coming around.  Now, a little more attractive HH and you'll see me more often.
The food is okay but I think the habit or burger city Grill is better. You're paying for a name.
Love this place before and after it moved I had been to this location before it was \"the place\" it was filthy and dark they made this restaurant beautiful the food is great took my son there last week had breakfast burritos plenty of food and the only place I eats hash browns because they are crispy
This place was pretty good, but it was a bit more expensive than the other Indian restaurants on campus. The waiters were pretty nice,  but the took a while top give us the checks.
Nice atmosphere for sure.  I would prefer just coming here for drinks, getting some small food and going somewhere else for a real dinner.  The sushi here is fine but too overpriced for what you get.
Great location cool atmosphere inside \nDefinitely a must when in the mood for really good authentic Mexican food...skip chipotle and try this place out. Service was great too! Alpastor was my favorite very unique flavors and not something you can order a lot of places in town.
Service and food are satisfactory but what I noticed is that they need to scrub their plates and silverware better.
Didn't stay here.  Ate at the steakhouse.  Fabulous prime rib.  Good cut.  Great flavor.  Good service.
The sandwiches here are awesome!  Steve is a really nice guy - took time to talk with our family. We will definitely be going back. I highly recommend.
The food was terrible, service was very slow, and the drinks were ok. Fun concept but this place needs a lot of work.
First time there was fantastic. Our server, Oscar, recommended the Choripollo. It was a combination of chorizo sausage, chicken, and delicious queso. One of the best things I've had. I have high standards for Mexican food and would certainly go back.
We ordered about 8 dishes to go and I must say they did a great job with the food.  everything we ordered was  correct and they even included chips and salsa with the bean dip and grilled onions. I've eaten at the restaurant many times and never had a bad meal.great job!
Hipsters unite. Good salsa! Average wraps.
Cheap tequila? Decent deal for a restaurant....except the waitress spilled a bunch of shots all over our table and didn't apologize.\n\nAlso service was very slow for an empty restaurant.
I have learn about Laser away through a groupon for hair removal. They have been fantastic. It was easy to schedule my appointment. They were very professional. The place is spotless and the service amazing. I will go back for more services for sure.
Below average for cici's. Table area is OK. I go there 3 times a month. It is cheap and filling. Game room is gross as kids are eating and playing. Best thing about this place is large group tables for teams. Worst is A) never any deep dish. B) county health code is lowest in the area.
Stayed here for one night over 4th of July. It was a decent room, no complaints. Solid hotel, but I prefer a bit more upscale. Lots to do and places to eat downstairs.
Decent food. Terrible portions. Overpriced.
Sitting outside, enjoying the warmth of the sun...the guitar player on the corner down below and great food and beer...I love this place!
Getting kitty stuff.  Always hard to pass up the cats and dogs up for adoption.
The service was great, but that's about the end of it.\n\nWe ordered a margherita pizza. It was overpriced, undercooked, and bland. \n\nWe won't be back.
Excellent new Snow Cream place by Jet Tila. Great staff, service, and bomb snow cream! Check it out and you will not be disappointed!
I know good Thai food And this place is awesome. My husband got the yellow beef curry and I got the red salmon curry. It was very tasty and the waitress was really sweet. I will definitely go here again. The fried banana with coconut ice cream is great too.
Tasty! Madison was missing a fashionable Italian restaurant. Pasta and antipasti are excellent. Food is among the best in town.\n\nLast I went, which was soon after opening, the cocktails weren't very good.
Wow waited 8 minutes for someone to get us a drink. I had to holler the hostess who was a total snot! Awful awful I'm not even going to finish the rest of the dining experience because it was so awful. GVR you have lost yourself a good player!!
Staff was friendly. I wasn't impressed with the desserts. What happened to all the puddings? Ice cream or dry brownie muffin.
This office was SO friendly and nice! And I love the fit of my new contacts. I would definitely recommend.
I was introduced to Elmer's by a friend of mine. I swear, I am addicted to the Buttered Torillas with Sauce but I love the Special Burro as well!!! Great food at Great prices. GO GO GO!!! Gotta little hole in the wall place that have a great product!!!
Great local business. Quality meat at a great price.
Super average Sushi, nothing special, I was expecting much more. just another place.
So good! I went to Montreal with a group of friends. We got a recommendation to go here for bagels. As born-and-raised New Yorkers, I can say we are always skeptical about non-NY bagels. But this place exceeded our expectations. Delicious bagels and huge portions. I would definitely recommend it
Decided to stop in for lunch-- brisket sandwich was just \"ok\". Decent sweet tea and service.  What is GREAT is the peach cobbler ala mode!!
Didn't make a reservation, but they were able to slip us in. It was a busy Friday night!  Food and service was outstanding!!  I recommend you reserve a table for dinner just so you're not disappointed.
Excellent, professional, on-time service.  Tile-cleaning was excellent - highly recommend.
I was disappointed by the prices of veils, jewelry, and hair pieces. The name of the store invokes something much different than what I found - an overpriced and limited selection of albeit nice-looking accessories. I ended up purchasing a veil and bridal jewelry set for a quarter of the price on Amazon.
Good location, mediocre sushi. Customer service isn't bad. The establishment itself is really nice. It's clean and welcoming. My only issue is the lack of options when I go there. Maybe it's my timing. Anyways, not my first option when getting sushi but also not my last.
Not impressed. WAY too much mayo... bad bread... overall just not that great.\nIf you want a good sub go to Jersey Mikes - Their subs are amazing!
This place is ok. I just came back from a four day trip. You must stay at tower two. It was ok. Not bad at all, But in no way shape or form can you compare this hotel to the nicer hotels. All in all it was ok.
This small cafe has the best sandwiches and cookies in town! All the waiters are very helpful and friendly and the atmosphere is cheerful.
Everything was very salty. So salty you couldn't taste anything else. The burgers, fries, onion rings...all incredibly salty. The only redeeming thing was the shake. I would go back only for the shakes. Lighten up on the salt and maybe we'll try again.
THE. BEST. COFFEE. EVER.  the staff is always super friendly!  they do the best they can to get you through the drive through line as fast as possible. the runner will hop out of the little side window and take orders for the cars further back in line, super helpful.
Best breakfast burritos ever.  Go there and try it and you will not be disappointed.
This pizza is okay. Not bad, not the best, but good enough if you're hungry and in the area. The Sicilian pizza was much better than the thin crust (we got both). \n\nHowever it does seem overpriced, but I guess that's expected in vegas.
Burgers good, not wonderful, sauce is nice. fries are fair (5 guys are better). The custard is well worth it! hard to find a place ot sit. if nice get to go eat at park.
AMAZING on a hot summer day. Love the sample cups for those of us who are indecisive. My only complaint is that it is a little pricey without a coupon from the west valley view for BOGO.
These guys are quick and do a great job! Chuck is knowledgeable and super cool! Highly recommend.
Recently went to eat at restaurant and the service was horrible!!!! Wait staff continued to walk past our table (for 10 mins). We finally received some service after running down one of the hostesses.  Waiter Javier was rude! Will not recommend this place to travelers.
Pretty much your standard casual mexican restaurant. Portions are huge which is nice, but I find that the dishes generally have way too much cheese and/or sauces. I know that is kind of standard for most mexican places, so if you are looking for that, you will probably enjoy it. Just not for me personally.
Shared the sage chicken and waffles with a friend. It was just ok I guess. Our waiter gave me a side of gravy so I can dip my chicken in it. That was a plus.
Great atmosphere, very quaint interior. Food was very good but was tainted by the POOR SERVICE.  In my book, the food can be outstanding but if the service is bad, the dining experience is ruined.  We would possibly give this restaurant another try if we were guaranteed a different server.
Server was the best part of this place she had great customer service. The cups our waters came is were dirty with food particles. I ordered scrambled eggs with cheese but they only gave me scrambled eggs. The kitchen claimed it had cheese but it didn't. Kitchen staff was rude yelling out loud about it.
A family member recently was sent to this facility after a joint replacement. Bottom line: You could die in there and nobody would notice for several hours.
The eggplant bites are amazing!  Everything we tried on our first visit was top notch and very reasonable. I am so impressed with/obsessed with their buttermilk pie that I found a recipe online and baked one at home.  Pales in comparison to theirs!  We'll definitely be back soon!
Lacks atmosphere despite good location & tasty food. Great choice if you're in a hurry.
Great burger, and management handles things in a very professional manner!
Bagels were amazing.
Best Sushi bar in East Valley. Owner seems very knowledgeable and makes special\nsauce.  we ordered 2 rolls, chicken teriyaki and Tuna Salad. Everything was so fresh and delicious.
If you want professional work from an expert esthetician, make an appointment with Ginger Lee. She's thorough and discreet. She provides an array of services including full body waxing. As waxing goes, it's somehow far less painful with Ginger. She has a way of distracting you in at the most strategic moments! LOL
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 with a posted opening time of 2 pm.  Several cars came and went and doors are locked.  No way to run a business.
Many great revolving beers on tap and a delish black-bean burger. Play pool inside or sit outside -- I love this joint.
Best pizza in C-U by a pretty wide margin; great crust, really interesting ingredients.  The limited hours, no delivery and lack of a dining area keep it pretty car-centric, but it is worth the drive to pick it up.
Great sushi, great cosy seating. Service is very courteous and non-pretentious. Highly recommended
Having the Chicken Parmesan tonight. Very good as far as coffee shops go. Service was pretty good. Very busy tonight.
I love BoSa donuts. They are so moist, sweet, and delicious. I've never had a donut from there that wasn't excellent but the buttermilk bar and the old fashioned glazed are my favorites. I love that they're open late for those of us who crave donuts at all hours.
Not a bad place, but not a great place. Got an order to go, but they were out of the ham and forgot the potato salad. We ended up with pulled pork and smoked turkey. Meat was okay, and I was not impressed with the BBQ sauce. I would try another place rather than eat there again.
Great place for lunch or dinner Grimaldi's thin crust coal brick oven pizza is awesome.
I like this place; have been there a couple of times; good quality food at a reasonable price
Unfortunately Rob cancelled our appointment set up for Saturday. He rescheduled for Tuesday. He did a great job besides this inconvenience.
Menu did change a bit.food is ok service is a coin toss,you get someone who cares about getting a good tip or a person who just likes the way they look in uniform. Overall it's better than olive garden or applebees
I was refereed to this place from a friend and decided to check this place out yesterday. It was a very nice looking spot but I had my order to go since I was at work. I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was bomb! Definitely going to come back.
Wow!  Everything on display here is soo gorgeous and yummy!  The buds and I walked up and down that line for a very long time to decide on what we wanted.  The brioche is soo delicous.  Coming here would be one of the few  reasons to return to Aria.
Service is great when you can find it, but it is not the fault of Cabela's just the enormous demand it can only hope to attempt to support. I purchase a lot of ammo here because it's the only one with my not so common caliber size.
We love uncle bears...Its a nice local place to get some food and drinks! I love the blakened chicken sliders. They have great weekly specials and they have these trivia type games you can play on the tv. I would highly recommend this place!
Very nice looking place with a large assortment of wines, and a charcuterie plate that is a must try.  \n\nI brought an italian friend here and the prosciutto was of great quality by his standards
Fire the chef that worked 12/16/2014 evening shift after 10:30 pm. Food and coffee cold. We were the only people in the restaurant and still had bad food. Nasty green beans that were petrified and of course cold. Ebony and Misty saved the evening. Never again.
Cold lobster on a roll
The champagne served was Perrier-Jouet Belle Epoque and the flutes were never left below half full. The quality of their selections made up for their lack of variety. \n\nOverall, it was okay.
Had great lunch here. Friends more familiar with Korean cuisine claimed it to be almost the same food they had in Korea. Tried the different Kimchi available and was impressed with the flavors. Will definitely go back.
Paul C is a great colorist and stylist - very glad to found him thru Paul Mitchell school!
For the price compared with what you get, you can do much better elsewhere. The Pad Thai is $10.95 and hardly had any beef in it, almost all noodles.Terrible beer selection; Michelob, Bud, Heineken, the usual suspects. The whole experience was meh, doubt I'll be back.
Worst place every. I asked for a recommendation from the bartender and he seriously was so rude about it.
Great local place to get pretty much anything fixed. Just ask for Andy or Aaron and mention John sent you :) \n\nAlways great service and quick on a oil change and most importantly they don't rip you off.
Food, drinks and beer selection all excellent.  This is far superior to the 3 star review it gets.  I'm guessing there are some jealous restaurants in the area behind this.
Drive thru!!! Fianlly a good coffee house in Madison with not only drive thru but friendly service, big smiles and good pricing
Absolutely amazing and true to the ratings and reviews. Best steak sandwich I've had!! A must try!
Nice place at best. Food ok but not to rave about. \n\nI mean you will have a good time but it is not going to be that special place you have been looking for. Good but not memorable.
This is one of my favorite Scottsdale stops for breakfast. The drive thru makes it super convenient and the food is always good. My personal favorites are the croissant sandwich and the az burro. Their coffees are also delish!
Below average for Vegas. We just came here because we were staying at Luxor and we flew into Vegas pretty late. Pretty small club by Vegas standards. Will not go back.
Cool upscale country upscale atmosphere inside, friendly staff.  I had the pumpkin cake and the cake part of it was really good but there was probably 4 to 5 times too much extremely rich frosting, I couldn't finish it.
Best pad thai, and king of garlic dishes in the valley!\nReasonable prices. \nFabulous happy hour as well!
I like this place. I don't care if its an older gym at least the equipment isn't broken.
The name is as good as the food. You can go in and take out, you can sit down and get served, and if your close enough they will deliver. It a mom and pop Asian food place with all or your favorite taste liker teriyaki and orange chicken! worth a stop and food is always great!
Good burger, good price, but in a tough market.
Found the recommendation on yelp and decided to give it a try. Turned out to be a great choice. Had a great time here.
My husband and I ate here for our anniversary , I had the Lobster and he had a steak. It was perfectly prepared and delicious. We loved it here. It was perfect for a celebration.
Pretty confusing AIrport.   I still like SFO the most.
The El Cortez is my Favourite place to Gamble in Downtown Las Vegas!  Cheap Roulette starting at $1 a bet make the night fun and interesting. Great place to gamble.
This is the best teppanyaki in town and I've had them all.  I have been coming here for almost 15 years and always leave happy.  The location looks a little sketchy from the outside but it is truly a diamond in the rough.  Don't eat all day and get the Geisha special!
Fantasic!! Need a location in Tempe ASAP!
Overpriced. Disappointing.
If just stopped in for a Chai tea, so cannot comment on the food. The Chai was okay. It was slightly watered down. It's very dark inside the restaurant, but there is seating outdoors.
Meh.  \nThat's about as much enthusiasm as I can muster for this place...
Dave was on time and well below the other quotes I received from other companies. Not only did he fix my problem, but also showed me how to keep it from failing in the future. I would and have recommended him to my friends and family in the area.
Fast friendly service. Food is ok. But the pancakes are to die for. My kids love them. Sunday is very busy. Got to get in early!
thought it was very pricey pricey and not enough bargains...quality stuff at big prices
This did not meet my expectations from reviews and photos that were posted.  I thought it is a bit pricey, especially for the appetizers.
Stopped in today, service was excellent. Although I don't live close I would suggest if you do to make it your regular place! Only con was my extra large iced coffee was almost $6. Still good though!
Very good authentic Greek food. The Gyro platter is great, I could find no fault in any thing that we had here. Luckily it isn't far from our house because we will be going back very soon.
Great TV set up for watching games. Other than that this place is pretty meh. Beer section is pretty average, as is the food. While the girls are very polite, the service is overall slow and in attentive.
Cuban sandwich is soooo AWESOME.  Fresh pork loin and great ham comlimented by the spicy kosher pickles and pressed neatly but stuffed between two halves of a fresh roll!  I would do this one again for sure!!!
get the spinach florentine bagel with jalopeno cream cheese! very yummy!
It's in the name, Fat. Don't expect something healthy. It'll satisfy your hunger.\n\nGood enough for me to come back if convenient.
Loved it so much we had breakfast every day here on our week in new York and an evening meal Lovely staff, great food and overall nice place to be Thank you
We went for the Bloody Mary bar and we discovered they use no-name house vodka when the one at Fashion Square uses top shelf for the same price. Disappointing. Also, the pancakes are terrible. I gave it 2 stars because they HAVE a Bloody Mary bar.
Food is OK if you go early. If not, it has been cooked for quite a while and can be dry and not the quality you would expect.
Great service and fresh food! Super bacon!
Usually the security lines at the ends of the airport have fewer people. Security is slow but the airport does have Bojangles, which is a huge plus, especially when I need a fried chicken, biscuit, and dirty rice fix before coming back to NYC.
Much better in Sydney AUS
Hubby and I went to Lemongrass Cafe last night for the first time. We had spring rolls, pho, and jasmine tea. Good and inexpensive- we plan to go back and try more menu items.
Delicious flavorful food and awesome customer service. I also tried a a mango Lassi for the first time and it was so yummy. Definitely will be back here again.
I used to like this doctor, but now I don't.  The PA who used to examine my moles on an annual basis left, and the new one seems overwhelmed.  After waiting for months for an appointment, I waited 55 minutes in the outer office to have a 5 minute examination. Wonder how much they charged my insurance for that?
Horrible service, called in order and messed it up quite badly and I will suggest my work gets catering from somewhere else and I for sure will not order here again since they messed my order up 3 times.
went there for lunch when my daughter came to town turkey sandwich thats not real turkey beer was flat the patio was dirty staff useless will not go back
What a great find!  A place to drink and dance without:\nthe long lines\na cover\nthe rude bouncers\ndress-code\n\nIt's a mini-club/bar with out all the hangups of a normal club!
The first CVS I've been to in YEARS where an employee walked up and offered to help me find something.
an efficient way to eat - meat, cheese, fries and slaw! all the food groups in one delicious huge bite.
I love this place it's the only place you can get green tea kit cats other than in Japan or eBay.  I was missing so many things from Japan I thought that I would never be able to get again. In heaven, literally!  Just sad they aren't open on Sundays.
Incredible craft beer selection. This is a must-visit for any beer lovers living in or visiting Charlotte.
I have Been going to this place since high school and the food and drinks have never disappointed, you got to try the Spicy pork chop if you want a bit to eat or the Taro snow ice if you want a smooth sweet drink! Both are awesome!
One time we got a 2 foot pizza and it was incredible.  I have only had the pizza here but I can say it's a definite step up from Papa Johns.  They also have lunch specials for 2 pizza slices that are worth a try.
Good food, good service. Nice place.
I collect video games and check Bookman's every couple of months. Their selection varies but its a cool place to get old school games and systems. Their prices are moderate. Fair return policy too. Worth going to if you like used, old stuff.
I ate there for the first time the other day because I was craving chicken and rice, something soo simple and yet they managed to ruin my appetite. 24 bucks on a few bites. Gross!
This is one of the best coffee spots ever!  The people are incredible and the food rocks!  I am there at least once a week. It is an fabulous place to meet with your friends.
I love Meatballz!  As an Italian from Jersey this is the closest place to home as I can find here in Scottsdale.  I love the place, I go often.  If yo haven't been, you must go for lunch!
Great for watching sports! Had the Club Sandwich which was very good. Big enough to share. On the breakfast menu the corn beef hash is nice chunks of chopped brisket - very good!  Service has always been good and there are daily specials and happy hour prices.
Don't get the sushi! It was disgusting!!! Honestly, I'd like my money back. It's basically a giant rice ball with questionable fish. Ah\u00ed tuna isn't supposed to be this color... That overwhelming taste of the cheap sea weed wrapper! Ugh!
Awesome weekday breakfast buffet! \n\nWe were pleasantly surprised by the weekday breakfast buffet.  It was delicious and I thought the price was reasonable.  The servers were so attentive.  The atmosphere and decor were very nice.  I would definitely go back again.
Every pork dish here is amazing, but there are a lot of vegetarian dishes as well like the shepherd's beany pie and and the nancy sammie. The prices are very fair as well this place is going to do really well!
Fantastic! Can't believe we did not see this place when in Maui. Mahi salad, coconut shrimp and fish and chips were all delicious. The staff was friendly and helpful. We can't wait to go back for more! And when we go back to Maui we will go again.
If you want a quick cup of coffee do NOT come here. There is always a wait (even when there is nobody in line). I come here 5-10 times at different times of the day and it is still ridiculously slow. So much that I had time to create this account and post a review.
Great food as usual, their dipping sauces are some of the best, all with unique flavors that please the palette. Service was excellent and our server Aldo was outstanding. I would highly recommend Sala Thai.
The reviewer who described the pizza as \"tough\" was spot-on. This is literally the worst pizza I have ever had in my entire life. I would rather go hungry than eat Hungry Howie's.
Had a groupon and received a lava stone massage from Kenta.  He did a spectacular job and I was VERY relaxed during the process.  I cannot wait to go back again to try out other types of massages they offere at Simple Cure.  Nice facility and great environment.
Do you have any idea how frustrating it is to cut a $50 ribeye with a dull steak knife?  My only memory of this place is having to saw my steak.
One of my favorite restaurants on the strip. Everything on the menu is amazing. Brunch is good but for the full experience, go for dinner. Request Kelly as your waitress. You will not be disappointed
So overwhelming.  Waited like a caged animal with the rest of the crowd waiting for the gates to open.  I came out the other side empty handed.  I can see why people love this place but if you are picky about clothes, this may nto be the place for you.  For a great bargain, I highly recommend My Sisters Closet!
fast and tasty...............delivery driver Bryce was a sweet heart!
I love this airport because it's Las Vegas. Only time I don't like it is when I have to leave.\n\nSeriously tho, the taxi lines are pretty fast and the wait persons are efficient.
its panda. decent food at decent price. nothing else
I ordered a salad to go, and took it on the plane with me. It was decent, what you would expect for airport food, and the price was extremely high...which....well, again, it's airport food.
Pleasant surprise! We ran them through sashimi, rolls and salad, they did not miss a beat. The cold squid salad is a meal in itself. Table service a click slow for a weekday other than that, high marks.
love the food!! \ntheir all you can eat includes sashimi!! \nUNI~~~~ if you are in vegas and want sushi?! this is the place to go!! \nworkers are friendly and they dont hesitate to give you more food!!
it's a fridays so you kinda know what they have. the service was extremely slow though and it wasn't even very busy.
I give it a 1 generously.  The service was good.  The food was stale, cold and lots of things were unlabeled or missing.  Price was good but so what?
The menu is really limited. The prices are literally insane. Yes, there is free house wine, but that is not free when you have to pay $25 for a plate of spaghetti. Most of the meals were in the $35 range. Not an elegant place, but the atmosphere is a rustic place steeped in history.
The food is always great here. We've had just about everything on the menu and its always been good. The service is hit or miss but the food makes up for their short comings. Just don't be afraid to wave down your waiter if you want a refill.
Watered down iced tea, thought they were bringing me water!  BUT don't leave without ordering their famous pancakes!  Huge & very fluffy...so good!
what's not to love about this russian donuts shop? simple light inexpensive donuts, donuts sandwiches, some coffee and my favorite, the kvass, a fermented bread juice with fruits (apples) and some yeast
The female Jersey shore look alike bartender on Fridays is for sure snorting something, and watch out for her to scratch her crouch before pouring your drink.
Some say you get what you pay for  (with an implication of regret) . But with ASMT, you get what you pay for and you actually walk out happy. An hour massage for $12.50?  Tell me where else can you get such good deal?
If you are ordering for delivery, be prepared to wait... for 30-60 minutes! \n\nI have ordered from here twice and both times, my wraps were soggy and no flavor! Soup was alright but could have used a lot more flavor.
Very good pizza!!
Chef has changed and so has the serving staff, and the quality of the dishes has drastically declined. We loved this place for the authentic Indian Chinese fusion food, however, that has been lost with the chef leaving. I would not recommend it again.
Lots of food.  Good quality.  Much better than the other chain options for breakfast.\n\nCould use some sound dampening.
Great pizza and wings...  the spicy special sandwich is pretty good but they always seem to be out of bread.  wtf!
Service is always terrible! To get waited on takes close to 10 minutes.  No refills on soda because they never return. The food is decent.
There are some awesome people here a few not so...sways confused over cafe expresso and just expresso... that's annoying
Seriously terrible haircut and service.  The lady took about 15 minutes to cut my hair total, with no care or attention to detail.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  Go to SuperCuts or somewhere for $10 haircut of much better quality.
Service is good,beer is great. We liked the blue crab and artichoke dip. The ribeye was less than great quality. Too thick and not much flavor,other than the gorgonzola on top. The ahi tuna salad was very blend. I remembered better food....
They're having a Back to School Sale, but they don't carry kids shoes? Their selection of women's shoes is impressive but the prices aren't really that discounted.
Food was very good, server was very good but someone screwed up one of our dishes ( fish brought out instead of chicken) so my daughter and I had to wait another 10 minutes until the right dish was brought out. No apologies offered.  The waiter said, \" I would be hopping if I were you.\"
I have had the catfish, the brisket, the baby back ribs, a burger and the chicken fried steak. All of it very good. the fish the the cfs were the best of the bunch. The service is friendly and the prices are fair.
Fancy, but for the food not worth it...although the selection is great
I just moved here from Chicago and found this salon on Yelp. Marissa gave me the BEST haircut I have ever had! A+++++++++++ She is great about making sure she understands what you want and that you're happy.. Really a GREAT haircut!
